Item 3.

Legal Proceedings

37

Item 4.

Mine Safety Disclosures

37

PART II

Item 5.

Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

38

Item 6.

[Reserved]

39

Item 7.

Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

40

Item 7A.

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

52

Item 8.

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

52

Item 9.

Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure

52

Item 9A.

Controls and Procedures

52

Item 9B.

Other Information

54

Item 9C.

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections

55

PART III

Item 10.

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance

56

Item 11.

Executive Compensation

56

Item 12.

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters

56

Item 13.

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence

56

Item 14.

Principal Accounting Fees and Services

56

PART IV

Item 15.

Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules

57

Item 16.

Form 10-K Summary

59

Signatures

60

Index to the Consolidated Financial Statements

F-
1

i

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are neither historical facts nor assurances of future performance. Instead, they are based on our current beliefs, expectations and assumptions regarding the future of our business, future plans and strategies, and other future conditions. Forward-looking statements can be identified by words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “envision,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “predict,” “project,” “target,” “potential,” “will,” “would,” “could,” “should,” “continue,” “contemplate” and other similar expressions, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. For example, all statements we make relating to: our ability to grow our business, expand access to our patients and our payors and invest in our platform; our plan to partner with additional hospital systems, large primary care groups and other specialist groups; our expectation that we will continue to open de novo centers and acquire new centers; our growth rates and financial results; our plans and objectives for future operations, growth or initiatives and strategies; and our expected market opportunity are forward-looking statements.

We may not actually achieve the plans, intentions or expectations disclosed in our forward-looking statements, and you should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Actual results or events could differ materially from the plans, intentions and expectations disclosed in the forward-looking statements we make. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and trends that we believe may affect our financial condition, results of operations, business strategy and financial needs. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties, factors and assumptions described in Part I, Item 1A, “Risk Factors” and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

The forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K represent our views as of the date of this report. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise, except as required by law.

Channels of Disclosure of Information

We announce material information to the public through filings with the SEC, the investor relations page on our website, www.lifestance.com, press releases, public conference calls and public webcasts. The information disclosed by the foregoing channels could be deemed to be material information. As such, we encourage investors, the media and others to follow the channels listed above and to review the information disclosed through such channels. Any updates to the list of disclosure channels through which we will announce information will be posted on the investor relations page on our website.

ii

Risk Factors Summary

An investment in our common stock involves risks. You should consider carefully the following risks, which are discussed more fully in "