ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
Overview 
Freshpet, Inc. (“Freshpet,” the “Company,” "we" or "our") is disrupting the over $54.0 billion United States pet food industry by driving consumers to reassess conventional dog and cat food offerings that have remained essentially unchanged for decades. We position our brand to benefit from mainstream trends of growing pet humanization and consumer focus on health and wellness. We price our products to be accessible to the average consumer, providing us with broad demographic appeal and allowing us to penetrate multiple classes of retail, including grocery, mass, international, digital, pet specialty, and club. We have successfully expanded our network of Freshpet Fridges within leading blue-chip retail chains. The strength of our business model extends to our customers, who we believe find that Freshpet grows their pet category sales, drives higher traffic, increases shopper frequency and delivers category leading margins. As of December 31, 2024, our household penetration within the United States was approximately 13.5 million, with a target of 20 million households by 2027. Additionally, we believe that there are opportunities to expand our network into international markets as demonstrated by our recent initiatives in the U.K. market.
Our Industry 
We primarily compete in the United States dog and cat food market. We believe pet food spending in North America will continue to increase at a similar rate as it has in the past. The pet food market has historically been resilient as consumers continue to spend on their pets even during economic downturns. 
We believe the following trends are driving growth in our industry:
Pet ownership.
 There are currently approximately 95.0 million pet food buying households in the United States, which represent approximately 75% of total households having a dog and/or cat, according to Numerator.
Pet humanization
. According to Numerator, 89% of United States dog parents view their pets as members of the family. As pets are increasingly viewed as companions, friends and family members, pet owners are being transformed into “pet parents” who spare no expense for their loved ones, driving premiumization across pet categories. This trend is reflected in food purchasing decisions.  
Increasing consumer focus on health & wellness.
 Consumers are increasingly purchasing fresh, natural and organic food products. We believe consumers are seeking simple, fresh and easy to understand food products from brands they trust and made with ingredients that are transparently sourced.
The pet food purchasing decision is underpinned by higher brand loyalty than many other consumer packaged goods categories. A consumer selecting a pet food brand resists frequent switching in order to avoid disrupting the pet’s diet, resulting in high repeat purchasing behavior. As a result, we believe that as consumers try fresh, refrigerated pet food, they are likely to become repeat users of the product.
Our Opportunity 
Freshpet has a unique opportunity to capture market share in this large and growing category by mainstreaming fresh food for pets and making fresh food a greater part of dogs' and cats' main meals. 
Even though long-term consumer trends of pet humanization and health and wellness are well documented, conventional pet food sold as dry kibble or wet food in cans has not changed substantially for decades. We believe that the pet food industry has not kept pace with how consumers think about food for their families, including their pets. As a result, consumers are searching for higher quality, less processed food for their dogs’ and cats’ meals that measure up to today’s sensibilities of what actually constitutes “good food.” Freshpet addresses this growing need with affordable offerings accessible to the average consumer.
Our Mission and Values 
Our mission is to elevate the way we feed our pets with fresh food that nourishes all. And, we are committed to doing so in ways that are good for Pets, People, and Planet.
5
Table of Contents
Pets 
Our pets are members of our family and deserve to eat the kind of fresh, healthy food that we do. Freshpet's carefully selected ingredients and gentle cooking process ensures best-in-class bioavailable nutrition. Hundreds of customer testimonials each year underscore Freshpet's support of a long and healthy life. Further, since founding Freshpet, we have donated over twenty-one million fresh meals to pets via shelters, charitable organizations, and humane societies, including St Hubert's Animal Welfare Center, Pennsylvania SPCA, StrayDog Inc. and 4 Paws for Ability. 
People 
Our people include our team members, pet parents, and our partners. We treat our team members with respect and are committed to helping them develop professionally and personally. These efforts have contributed to an employee net promoter score of 8.2. Additionally, we strive to be good partners with customers, distributors, and suppliers by conducting business with honesty and transparency knowing that we cannot grow without their support.
Planet
We are committed to minimizing our environmental impact while providing the healthiest, tastiest pet food possible. Freshpet Kitchens Bethlehem is a landfill-free facility thanks to state-of-the-art recycling, digesting, and waste-to-energy processes. We support renewable energy by matching the electricity used in Freshpet Kitchens and offices as well as our refrigerators in over 28,000 retail locations with Green-E Certified renewable energy certificates from North American based projects. Freshpet's chiller fleet efficiency continues to improve with our latest units using up to 90% less electricity than older units. In 2022, we opened our state-of-the-art Kitchens in Ennis, TX. This facility has been designed to incorporate sustainable technologies such as wastewater recycling, and advanced heating / cooling technology. On-site solar power and a battery micro-grid is planned for future development. These efforts are intended to help achieve our environmental goals while reducing the costs of doing business. 2023 saw the introduction of our new Texas distribution center and freight bracket pricing program. These efforts helped minimize the fuel used to ship Freshpet products to our customers resulting in significantly reduced logistics costs and environmental footprints.
Our commitment to our values helps us engage with consumers, motivate our team members, and attract strong partners, which allows us to fulfill our mission of delivering the best nutritional product choices to improve the well-being of our pets, enrich pet parents’ lives, and contribute to communities.
Our Products 
Freshpet's business operates in a single segment: the manufacturing, marketing and distribution of fresh dog food, cat food, and dog treats. All Freshpet products are made according to our nutritional philosophy of fresh, nutritional ingredients and minimal processing. Our proprietary recipes include real, fresh meat and poultry products and varying combinations of vitamin-rich vegetables, leafy greens and antioxidant rich fruits, without the use of preservatives or additives. Our unique product attributes appeal to diverse consumer needs across multiple classes of retail where Freshpet is sold. Consequently, our brand resonates across a broad cross-section of pet parent demographics.
6
Table of Contents
Our products are sold under the Freshpet brand name, with ingredients, packaging, and labeling customized by different classes of trade and are available in multiple forms.
We also offer fresh treats across all classes of retail under the Dognation and Dog Joy labels.
7
Table of Contents
Our Product Innovation 
As the first manufacturer of fresh, refrigerated pet food distributed across North America, product innovation is core to our strategy. We take a fresh approach to pet food and are not constrained by conventional pet food products, attributes, and production capabilities. We employ a tightly-knit, creative team of marketing and research and development professionals, and we consult with outside experts through our Nutrition Council, which consist of PhDs in nutrition and veterinary nutritionists. Our team often identifies pet parents’ needs by evaluating emerging demand trends in both pet food and human food. New products are refined iteratively with the help of consumer panel data to arrive at products that we believe can be commercially successful.
The success of our approach is evidenced by our broad product portfolio today. We began Freshpet by producing fresh, refrigerated slice and serve rolls, and over time have steadily expanded into successful new product forms including bags and treats. We also introduced new fresh recipes and ingredients, such as proteins and grain-free options never before seen in pet food that cater to the specific dietary requirements of pets.
Our Innovation Center, which is part of our Freshpet Kitchens (collectively, our Freshpet Kitchens Bethlehem, Freshpet Kitchens South and Freshpet Kitchens Ennis), helps us ensure that we remain capable of strong innovation, including creating new product platforms to expand the breadth of our fresh pet food offerings. We expect that new product innovation and the introduction of new cooking techniques will continue to delight our consumers and drive growth going forward.
Our Supply Chain 
Manufacturing:
 All of our products are manufactured in the United States, except select products produced in the European Union ("EU") for our European customers. We own and operate what we believe to be the first fresh, refrigerated pet food manufacturing network in North America. Our original Freshpet Kitchens Bethlehem, located in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania, is a 240,000 square foot facility, built to United States Department of Agriculture standards and currently houses six production lines customized to produce fresh, refrigerated food. 
In 2020, we began making investments at a manufacturing facility called Freshpet Kitchens South. Freshpet Kitchens South currently has three production lines in operation with a fourth planned for early 2025 and space for additional production lines in the future.
The construction of Freshpet Kitchens Ennis, located in Ennis, Texas, began in 2020. The first production line was commissioned in Q4 of 2022, with two more lines successfully commissioned in 2023, completing 1 of 3 construction phases for the site. Phase 2 commissioning was initiated in 2024 with the most successful start-ups to date on two additional lines, with the balance of Phase 2 and Phase 3 planned for completion over the next several years.
Due to the continued growth of our fresh pet food sales, we plan to continue expanding our manufacturing capacity via operational efficiency improvements at our current facilities and via future expansion of our physical features.
In 2024, approximately 99.1% of our product volume was manufactured with Freshpet owned equipment.
Ingredients and Packaging:
 Our products are made with natural and fresh ingredients including meat and poultry products, vegetables, fruits, whole grains, vitamins and minerals. We believe in building long-term supplier and farmer partnerships to source healthy and sustainable ingredients. We strive to source raw ingredients within a 300-mile radius of the Freshpet Kitchens. All of our suppliers are well-established companies that we believe have the scale to support our growth. For raw materials, we strategically source from multiple suppliers and identify alternative sources of supply that meet our quality and safety standards.
Distribution:
 Outbound transportation from our distribution center ("DC") facilities is managed through an integrated transportation management system, with carriage provided by a network mostly comprised of refrigerated asset-based carriers, with limited use of refrigerated freight brokers. The service areas for our Pennsylvania and Texas DC locations are in a continual progression towards growing distribution out of Texas to serve the central and western US in tandem with the scale up of the Ennis Kitchen; and the Pennsylvania DC principally services the eastern US and our international businesses. As volume grows, we will continue to leverage our distribution network to continuously improve customer service levels and decrease certain distribution costs. For certain retailers, we use national and regional distributors.
8
Table of Contents
Our Product Quality and Safety 
We go to great lengths to ensure product quality, consistency and safety from ingredient sourcing to finished product. Our Freshpet-owned manufacturing lines allows us to exercise significant control over production. We have a highly skilled Food Safety and Quality Assurance team consisting of quality assurance supervisors, specialists, analysts, and quality technicians with significant experience in pet and human food production.
Our production processes are designed to meet science-based quality standards with documented plans for Hazard Analysis Critical Control Points and Hazard Analysis Risk Based Preventive Control to monitor established production controls, calibrate instruments, record data and perform corrective actions. Our on-site laboratory has microbial and composition testing capabilities. Quality control approvals are based on a positive release strategy, wherein a batch can only be shipped when it passes control point record reviews and laboratory testing. Before commencing production, quality assurance professionals swab equipment to test for potential contaminants.
Freshpet’s food safety program is certified at Safe Quality Food Level III, which is the highest standard determined under the Global Food Safety Initiative Benchmarks. We believe our systems and standards for product quality and safety can support our growth and ensure continued success in the market.
Our Customers and Distributors 
We sell our products throughout the United States, Canada, and Europe, and generate the vast majority of our sales in the United States. The strength of our business model makes us an attractive partner for leading blue-chip retailers, who we believe find that Freshpet grows the sales of their pet category, drives higher traffic, increases shopper frequency, and delivers category-leading margins. Our Freshpet Fridge locations have been consistently increasing as we add new retail accounts and add stores in existing accounts. As of December 31, 2024, we are in approximately 28,141 stores, with approximately 22% of stores having second and third Freshpet Fridge placements. We sell our products through the following classes of retail: grocery, mass, international, digital, pet specialty, and club.
Our customers determine whether they wish to purchase our products directly from us or through a third-party distributor. In 2024, our largest distributor by net sales, Animal Supply Co., accounted for 7.9% of our net sales and our largest customer, Walmart, accounted for 24.5% of our net sales. We are currently considering the manner in which we provide products to the pet specialty channel, which is primarily serviced by Animal Supply Co. through a distributor arrangement. We are considering alternative approaches to distribution of products within the pet specialty channel to help increase our market share, including but not limited to establishing a replacement distribution partner in that channel.
The Freshpet Fridge 
We sell our products through a growing network of company-owned branded refrigerators, the Freshpet Fridges. Our Freshpet Fridges are typically four feet wide by seven feet high and replace standard shelving in the pet aisle or an end-cap of a retail store. Our Freshpet Fridge designs are constantly evolving with all new models featuring prominent edge-lit LED headers, LED interior lighting, crisp black interiors and frameless glass swing doors for aesthetics and easy access. We use state-of-the-art refrigeration technology and environmentally friendly refrigerants to minimize energy consumption and environmental impact.
We design and produce the Freshpet Fridge through a combination of in-house resources and world-class partners. We source our Freshpet Fridges from leading global commercial refrigerator manufacturers with whom we have a collaborative approach to refrigerator design and innovation. Once ordered by us, Freshpet Fridges are shipped to distribution centers for delivery and installation in retail stores.
Installation into retail locations and ongoing maintenance of the Freshpet Fridge is coordinated by Freshpet and executed through leading third-party service providers. All of our Freshpet Fridges are protected by a manufacturer warranty of three years. Our refrigerators are designed to be highly reliable, and at any given time, less than 0.5% of the network is out of service for maintenance. Moreover, to ensure quality, cleanliness and appropriate in-stock levels, we employ brokerage partners to conduct a physical audit of the Freshpet Fridge network on an ongoing basis, with photographic results of our Freshpet Fridges transmitted back to Freshpet for review by members of our sales team.
9
Table of Contents
We currently estimate less than 12-month cash-on-cash payback for the average Freshpet Fridge installation, calculated by comparing our total current costs for a refrigerator (including installation) to our current margin on net revenues. We believe our attractive value proposition to retailers and pet parents will allow us to continue penetrating store locations of existing and new customers. The Freshpet Fridge provides a highly-visible merchandising platform, allowing us to control how our brand is presented to consumers at point-of-sale and represents a significant point of differentiation from other pet food competitors. Our total chiller fleet at retailers covers over 1.7 million cubic feet of space. 
Marketing and Advertising 
Our marketing strategy is designed to educate consumers about the benefits of fresh refrigerated pet food and build awareness of the Freshpet brand. We deploy a broad set of marketing tools across television, digital and public relations to reach consumers through multiple touch points and increase product trials.
Our network of fridges at approximately 28,141 retail locations within blue-chip retailers helps to introduce consumers to our brand and instantly distinguish Freshpet from traditionally merchandised pet food. We have effectively used national TV advertising to drive incremental consumers to try Freshpet products. We expect to realize greater benefits from national TV advertising as we continue to grow the network of Freshpet store locations nationwide. We have also expanded our online presence to better target consumers seeking information on healthy pet food. We reach consumers across multiple digital and social media platforms including websites, blogs and online reviews, as well as with tailored messaging on popular digital hubs including Instagram, Facebook, X, TikTok and YouTube. 
Our marketing strategy has allowed us to drive new consumers to our brand and develop a highly engaged community of users who actively advocate for Freshpet.
10
Table of Contents
Competition 
Pet food is a highly competitive industry. We compete with some of the largest pet food manufacturers such as Nestlé Purina Pet Care, the J.M. Smucker Company U.S. Retail Pet Foods, Colegate-Palmolive Pet Nutrition, Mars Petcare, General Mills North America Pet, and Post Consumer Brands. In addition, we compete with many regional niche brands in individual geographic markets, as well as the launch of new direct-to-consumer frozen brands.
Given a North American retail landscape dominated by large retailers, with limited shelf space and a significant number of competing products, competitors actively support their brands through marketing, advertising, promotional spending and discounting.
Competitive factors in the pet food industry include product quality, ingredients, brand awareness and loyalty, product variety, product packaging and design, reputation, price, advertising, promotion and nutritional claims. We believe that we compete effectively with respect to each of these factors.
Team Members & Human Capital Resources
At Freshpet we always want to build a fair, healthy and safe workplace, while creating work environment policies that help us attract, develop and retain our valued employees. We believe that when we create a workplace where our colleagues are engaged, committed and empowered for the long-term, we are better positioned to create value for our company, as well as for our stockholders. We are proud of our focus on promoting employee engagement across our operations - from our supply chain to our products - and are committed to building our business on a foundation of strong ethics. 
Attracting and retaining talent at all levels is vital to continuing our success. We promote the work-life balance of our employees, we invest in our employees through high-quality benefits and various health and wellness initiatives, and we have created a healthy work environment in our offices. In order to incentivize and engage our workforce, Freshpet provides:
●
Industry-leading compensation, including stock compensation for every employee
●
Industry-leading healthcare offered equitably for every employee
●
Annual equity grants and Key Talent awards to employees identified by the Executive Leadership team and the Board
●
Competitive perquisites, including pet insurance, tuition reimbursement, paid parental leave, free healthy snack room and catered lunches
●
401(k) matching for every employee
●
Rigorous focus on creating an inclusive culture to attract, engage and retain our diverse talent
As of December 31, 2024, we had 1,296 employees located primarily in Bethlehem, PA, Ennis, TX, Bedminster, NJ and Europe. None of our employees are represented by a labor union or by any collective bargaining arrangements with respect to his or her employment with us.
Our Corporate Information
We were incorporated in Delaware in November 2004 and currently exist as a Delaware corporation. Our principal executive offices are located at 1545 US-206, 1st Floor, Bedminster, New Jersey 07921.
11
Table of Contents
Website Information
The address of our corporate website is www.freshpet.com. Our annual reports, annual proxy statements and related proxy cards are made available on our website at the same time they are mailed to stockholders, as required by applicable law. Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, periodic reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports that we file or furnish pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), are available through our website, free of charge, as soon as reasonably practicable after they have been electronically filed or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). Our website also provides access to reports filed by our directors, executive officers and certain significant shareholders pursuant to Section 16 of the Exchange Act. In addition, our Corporate Governance Guidelines, General Code of Ethics, Code of Ethics for Executive Officers and Principal Accounting Personnel and charters for the committees of our board of directors are available on our website as well as other shareholder communications. The information contained in or that can be accessed through our website does not constitute a part of, and is not incorporated by reference into, this report. The SEC maintains a website, http://www.sec.gov, which contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information that we file electronically with the SEC.
Trademarks and Other Intellectual Property 
We believe that our rights in our trademarks and service marks are important to our marketing efforts to develop brand recognition and differentiate our brand from our competitors and are a valuable part of our business. We own a number of trademarks and service marks that have been registered, or for which applications are pending, with the United States Patent and Trademark Office including, among others, Freshpet, Vital, Nature’s Fresh, Roasted Meals, Fresh From The Kitchen, Freshpet Dog Joy, Dognation, Homestyle Creations, and Pets People Planet.
We believe that our intellectual property has substantial value and has significantly contributed to our success to date. We are continually developing new technology and enhancing proprietary technology related to our pet food, Freshpet Fridges and manufacturing operations.
We also rely on unpatented proprietary expertise, recipes and formulations, continuing innovation and other trade secrets to develop and maintain our competitive position.
Government Regulation 
Along with our brokers, distributors, and ingredients and packaging suppliers, we are subject to extensive laws and regulations in the United States by federal, state and local government authorities. In the United States, the federal agencies governing the manufacture, distribution and advertising of our products include, among others, the Federal Trade Commission, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”), the U.S. Department of Agriculture, the United States Environmental Protection Agency, and the Occupational Safety and Health Administration. Under various statutes, these agencies, among other things, prescribe the requirements and establish the standards for quality and safety and regulate our marketing and advertising to consumers. Certain of these agencies, in certain circumstances, must not only approve our products, but also review the manufacturing processes and facilities used to produce these products before they can be marketed in the United States. In addition to agency regulation, we are required to comply with state feed control requirements in the United States. We are also subject to the laws of Canada, including the Canadian Food Inspection Agency, and the United Kingdom, including the Food Standards Agency, as well as provincial and local regulations.
We are subject to labor and employment laws, laws governing advertising, privacy laws, safety regulations and other laws, including consumer protection regulations that regulate retailers or govern the promotion and sale of merchandise. Our operations, and those of our distributors and suppliers, are subject to various laws and regulations relating to environmental protection and worker health and safety matters. We monitor changes in these laws and believe that we are in material compliance with applicable laws.
12
Table of Contents