Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations." If our growth exceeds our expectations, we may not be able to increase our own manufacturing capacity to, or obtain contract manufacturing capacity at, a level that meets demand for our products, which could prevent us from meeting increased customer demand and harm our business or reputation. If we overestimate our demand and overbuild our capacity, we may have significantly underutilized assets, and we may experience reduced margins. If we do not accurately align our manufacturing capabilities with demand, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
The inputs, commodities and ingredients that we require are subject to macroeconomic factors, government regulation, and other factors outside of our or our suppliers' control, including but not limited to, price increases, inflationary and interest rate pressures, tariffs, trade wars, product or agricultural industry labor shortages, livestock disease or pestilence, any of which could adversely affect our results of operations. 
Our business is dependent on our ability to timely source ingredients that comply with our product quality standards. The primary inputs, commodities and ingredients that we use include meat, poultry products,  vegetables, fruits, carrageenans, whole grains, vitamins, minerals, packaging and energy (including wind power). Prices for these and other items we use may be volatile, and we may experience shortages in these items due to factors beyond our control, such as commodity market, availability of supply, increased demand (whether for the item we require or for other items, which in turn impacts the item we require), shortages of agricultural workers (including due to U.S. immigration policies); weather conditions, natural disasters, animal disease outbreaks (such as HPAI), pestilence, operational disruption, financial distress or insolvency of key suppliers or other third parties on whom we or they rely, the effects of climate change, currency fluctuations, tariffs or trade wars, inflationary and/or interest rate pressures, governmental regulations (including import restrictions), sustained government or regulatory shutdowns, regulatory uncertainty or delays, agricultural programs or issues, energy programs, geopolitical concerns, including the ongoing conflict between Ukraine and Russia, labor strikes and the financial health of our suppliers. 
In February 2025, the new U.S. presidential administration announced the imposition of tariffs on imports from Canada, Mexico and China, and those countries subsequently announced retaliatory tariffs in response. Although the imposition of certain of these tariffs was temporarily stayed, the situation is dynamic, rapidly evolving and uncertain. If allowed to become or remain effective, these or any new or increased tariffs or resultant trade wars could have an adverse effect on us or on our suppliers, which could lead to significant increases in the costs of materials, and as a result could negatively impact our results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. New or increased tariffs could also negatively affect U.S national or regional economies or lead to increased inflation or a recession, which also could negatively impact our sales growth, and our business and results of operations.
Input, commodity and ingredient price increases or shortages may result in higher costs or interrupt our production schedules, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Production delays could lead to reduced sales volumes and profitability, as well as loss of market share. Higher costs could adversely impact our earnings. For example, fuel prices affect our transportation costs for both ingredients and finished product. If we are not able to implement our productivity initiatives or increase our product prices to offset price increases of our inputs, commodities and ingredients, as a result of consumer sensitivity to pricing or otherwise, or if sales volumes decline due to price increases, our results of operations could be adversely affected. Our competitors may be better able than we are to implement productivity initiatives or effect price increases or to otherwise pass along cost increases to their customers. Moreover, if we increase our prices in response to increased costs, we may need to increase marketing spending, including trade promotion spending, in order to retain our market share. Such increased marketing spending may significantly offset the benefits, if any, of any price increase and negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
18
Table of Contents
If we do not manage our supply chain effectively, including inventory levels, our business, financial condition and results of operation may be adversely affected. 
The inability of any supplier, co-packer, third-party distributor or transportation provider to deliver or perform for us in a timely or cost-effective manner could cause our operating costs to increase and our profit margins to decrease. We must continuously monitor our inventory and product mix against forecasted demand or risk having inadequate supplies to meet consumer demand, as well as having too much inventory on hand that may reach its expiration date and become unsaleable. Changes in the availability and cost of freight may affect our supply chain and ultimately the pricing and availability of our products. If we are unable to manage our supply chain effectively and ensure that our products are available to meet consumer demand, our operating costs could increase and our profit margins could decrease.
Adverse weather conditions, natural disasters, livestock disease, pestilences, global or local pandemics and other natural conditions can disrupt our operations, which can adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The ingredients that we use in the production of our products (including, among others, meat and poultry products, vegetables, fruits, carrageenans, whole grains, vitamins and minerals) are vulnerable to adverse weather conditions and natural disasters, such as floods, droughts, frosts, fires, earthquakes, tornadoes, livestock disease such as avian influenza and pestilences. Adverse weather conditions may be impacted by climate change and other factors. Adverse weather conditions and natural disasters can reduce crop size and crop quality, which in turn could reduce our supply of ingredients, lower recoveries of usable ingredients, increase the prices of our ingredients, increase our transportation costs or increase our cost of storing ingredients if harvests are accelerated and processing capacity is unavailable. Additionally, the growth of crops, as well as the manufacture and processing of our products, requires significant amounts of water. Drought or other causes of a reduction of water in aquifers may affect availability of water, which in turn may adversely affect our results of operations. Competing manufacturers may be affected differently by weather conditions and natural disasters depending on the location of their supplies or operations. If our supply of ingredients is reduced, we may not be able to find enough supplemental supply sources on favorable terms, if at all, which could impact our ability to supply product to our customers and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Increased costs for ingredients or other inputs could also adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations as described in “—
The inputs, commodities and ingredients that we require are subject to macroeconomic factors, government regulation, and other factors outside of our or our suppliers' control, including but not limited to, price increases, inflationary and interest rate pressures, tariffs, trade wars, product or agricultural industry labor shortages, livestock disease or pestilence, any of which could adversely affect our results of operations
.”
Additionally, adverse weather conditions, natural disasters or other natural conditions, including global or local pandemics affecting our operating activities or major facilities could cause an interruption or delay in our production or delivery schedules and loss of inventory and/or data or render us unable to accept and fulfill customer orders in a timely manner, or at all. If our operations are damaged by a fire, flood or other disaster, for example, we may be subject to supply or delivery interruptions, destruction of our facilities and products or other business disruptions, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
If the operating capacity or reputation of our Freshpet Fridges is harmed, our business, financial condition and results of operations may suffer. 
Our success depends on our network of company-owned branded refrigerators, known as Freshpet Fridges. If the operating capacity of our Freshpet Fridges is harmed by external factors, such as adverse weather or energy supply, or internal factors, such as faulty manufacturing or insufficient maintenance, our products contained in those fridges may be damaged and need to be discarded. In addition, if our Freshpet Fridges fail to operate as intended, for any reason, the reputation of our Freshpet Fridges with customers and the reputation of our brand with consumers may decline. In such event, customers may choose to discontinue, or not to expand, their use of Freshpet Fridges and our products and consumers may choose to forgo purchasing our products. Any such harm to the operating capacity or reputation of our Freshpet Fridges could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
19
Table of Contents
If the ingredients we use in our products are contaminated, alleged to be contaminated or are otherwise rumored to have adverse effects, our results of operations could be adversely affected. 
We buy our ingredients from third-party suppliers. If these materials are alleged or prove to include contaminants that affect the safety or quality of our products or are otherwise rumored to have adverse effects, for any reason, we may need to find alternate ingredients for our products, delay production of our products, or discard or otherwise dispose of our products, which could adversely affect our results of operations. Additionally, if this occurs after the affected product has been distributed, we may need to withdraw or recall the affected product and we may experience adverse publicity or product liability claims. In either case, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.
Outbreaks of animal diseases could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The cost of the protein-based ingredients we use in our products has been adversely impacted in the past by the publicity surrounding animal diseases, such as bovine spongiform encephalopathy, or “mad cow disease.” As a result of extensive global publicity and trade restrictions imposed to provide safeguards against mad cow disease, the cost of alternative sources of the protein-based ingredients we use in our products has from time to time increased significantly and may increase again in the future if additional cases of mad cow disease are found.
If mad cow disease or other animal diseases, such as foot-and-mouth disease or HPAI impacts the availability of the protein-based ingredients we use in our products, we may be required to locate alternative sources for protein-based ingredients. Those sources may not be available to sustain our sales volumes, may be more costly and may affect the quality and nutritional value of our products. If outbreaks of mad cow disease, foot-and-mouth disease, avian flu or any other animal disease or the regulation or publicity resulting therefrom impacts the cost or availability of the protein-based ingredients we use in our products, or the cost of the alternative protein-based ingredients necessary for our products as compared to our current costs, we may be required to increase the selling price of our products to avoid margin deterioration. However, we may not be able to charge higher prices for our products without negatively impacting future sales volumes. Additionally, certain publicity arising from animal disease outbreaks may create fear in consumers, which could lead to reduced sales in the fresh pet food category. Any resultant negative impact on sales or growth could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
We rely on co-packers to provide our supply of certain products and distributors to sell some of our products in certain channels. Any failure by co-packers or distributors to fulfill their obligations or any termination or renegotiation of their agreements could adversely affect our results of operations. 
We have supply agreements with co-packers that require them to provide us with specific finished products and distribution agreements with distributors to sell certain of our products in select channels. We rely on co-packers as our sole source for certain products and on distributors for exclusive delivery of certain products. We also anticipate that we will rely on sole suppliers and exclusive distributors for future products. The failure for any reason of any such party to fulfill its obligations under the applicable agreements with us or the termination or renegotiation of any such agreement could result in disruptions to our supply of finished goods or our ability to deliver finished goods to our customers, and have an adverse effect on our reputation, business and results of operations. Additionally, from time to time, a co-packer or distributor may experience labor shortages, financial difficulties, bankruptcy or other business disruptions, which could disrupt our supply of finished goods or our ability to deliver finished goods to our customers, or require that we incur additional expense by providing financial accommodations to the co-packer or distributor or taking other steps to seek to minimize or avoid supply disruption, such as establishing a new arrangement with another provider. During economic downturns, our co-packers and distributors may be more susceptible to experiencing such financial difficulties, bankruptcies or other business disruptions. A new co-packing or distribution arrangement may not be available on terms as favorable to us as the existing arrangement, if at all.
20
Table of Contents
Failure by our transportation providers to deliver our products on time or at all could result in lost sales. 
We use third-party transportation providers for our product shipments. Transportation services include scheduling and coordinating transportation of finished products to our customers, shipment tracking and freight dispatch services. Our use of transportation services for shipments is subject to risks, including increases in fuel prices, which would increase our shipping costs, and employee strikes and inclement weather, which may impact the ability of providers to provide delivery services that adequately meet our shipping needs, including keeping our products adequately refrigerated during shipment. Any such change could cause us to incur costs and expend resources. Moreover, in the future we may not be able to obtain terms as favorable as those we receive from the third-party transportation providers that we currently use, which in turn would increase our costs and thereby adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
Disruptions in the U.S. and international economy may adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
Adverse and uncertain economic conditions may impact distributor, customer, and consumer demand for our products. In addition, our ability to manage normal commercial relationships with our suppliers, contract manufacturers, distributors, customers, consumers, and creditors may suffer. Consumers have access to lower-priced offerings and, during economic downturns, may shift purchases to these lower-priced or other perceived value offerings. Customers may become more conservative in response to these conditions and seek to reduce their inventories. For example, during the economic downturn from 2007 through 2009, customers significantly reduced their inventories. Global or local pandemics could also have adverse impacts on our business operations. In addition, any tariffs imposed by the new U.S. presidential administration or retaliatory tariffs announced by other countries could result in a trade war. If effected, these or any new or increased tariffs or resultant trade wars could have an adverse effect on us or on our suppliers, distributors or customers, which could lead to significant increases in the costs of materials and services, resulting in product cost increases and reduced consumer demand.
Our results of operations depend upon, among other things, our ability to maintain and increase sales volume with our existing customers, to attract new consumers and to provide products that appeal to consumers at prices they are willing and able to pay. Prolonged unfavorable economic conditions may have an adverse effect on our sales and profitability.
Our ability to meet our workforce needs, particularly for staffing our Freshpet Kitchens, is crucial
We rely on the existence of an available, qualified workforce to efficiently execute our operations and manufacture our products. Competition for qualified employees or inflationary pressures on employee compensation could require us to pay higher wages to attract and retain a sufficient number of qualified employees. We cannot be certain that we will be able to attract and retain qualified employees to meet current or future operational needs at a reasonable cost, or at all. 
Although none of our employees are currently covered under collective bargaining agreements, any disruption in our employee relationships, including hiring and retaining our employees, could adversely affect our ability to attract and retain qualified employees to meet current or future manufacturing needs at a reasonable cost, or at all. 
21
Table of Contents
Risks Related to Government Regulation and Legal Proceedings
Government regulation, scrutiny, warnings and public perception could increase our costs of production and increase legal and regulatory expenses. 
Manufacturing, processing, labeling, packaging, storing and distributing pet products are activities subject to extensive federal, state and local regulation, as well as foreign regulation. In the United States, these aspects of our operations are regulated by the FDA, and various state and local public health and agricultural agencies. The FDA Food Safety Modernization Act of 2011 provides direct recall authority to the FDA and includes a number of other provisions designed to enhance food safety, including increased inspections by the FDA of domestic and foreign food facilities and increased review of food products imported into the United States. In addition, many states have adopted the Association of American Feed Control Officials’ model pet food regulations or variations thereof, which generally regulate the information manufacturers provide about pet food. Complying with government regulation can be costly or may otherwise adversely affect our business. Regulatory delays or uncertainty, including as a result of any government or regulator shutdown or defunding could impede our ability to manufacture and timely deliver our products. In addition, failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could subject us to civil remedies, including fines, injunctions, recalls or seizures, as well as potential criminal sanctions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
Our business is also affected by import and export controls and similar laws and regulations, both in the United States and elsewhere. Issues such as national fiscal policy, national security or health and safety, which can impose or excise tariffs upon, slow or otherwise restrict imports or exports, could adversely affect our business. In addition, the modification or reinterpretation of existing laws or regulations or the introduction of new laws or regulations, including but not limited to executive orders, could require us to make material expenditures or otherwise adversely affect the way that we have historically operated our business.
From time to time, we may be subject to litigation, government investigations or governmental proceedings, which may adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition.
From time to time, we have been and may continue to be involved in various legal, regulatory or administrative investigations, negotiations or proceedings arising in the normal course of business. In the event of litigation, government investigations or governmental proceedings, we are subject to the inherent risks and uncertainties that may result if outcomes differ from our expectations. In the event of adverse outcomes in any litigation, investigation or government proceeding, we could be required to pay substantial damages, fines or penalties and cease certain practices or activities, which could materially harm our business. For example, as an employer, we may be subject to various employment-related claims, such as individual or class actions or government enforcement actions relating to alleged employment discrimination, employee classification and related withholding, wage-hour, labor standards or healthcare and benefit issues. Such actions, if successful in whole or in part, may affect our ability to compete or could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
Risks Related to Intellectual Property
If we are not successful in protecting our intellectual property rights, our business, financial conditions and results of operations may be harmed. 
We rely on trademark, copyright, trade secret, patent and other intellectual property laws, as well as nondisclosure and confidentiality agreements and other methods, to protect our intellectual property rights as well as the intellectual property of third parties with respect to which we are subject to non-use and non-disclosure obligations. We may need to engage in litigation or similar activities to enforce our intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets or to determine the validity and scope of proprietary rights of others. Any such litigation could require us to expend significant resources and divert the efforts and attention of our management and other personnel from our business operations. The steps we take to prevent misappropriation, infringement or other violation of our intellectual property or the intellectual property of others may not be successful. In addition, effective patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret protection may be unavailable or limited for some of our trademarks and patents in some foreign countries. Failure to protect our intellectual property could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations.
22
Table of Contents
Our brand names and trademarks are important to our business, and we have registered or applied to register many of these trademarks. We cannot assure you that our trademark applications will be approved. Third parties may also oppose our trademark applications, or otherwise challenge our use of the trademarks. In the event that our trademarks are successfully challenged, we could be forced to rebrand our products, which could result in the loss of brand recognition and could require us to devote resources to advertising and marketing new brands. Further, we cannot assure you that competitors will not infringe our trademarks, or that we will have adequate resources to enforce our trademarks.
We rely on unpatented proprietary know-how in the areas of recipes, ingredients sourcing, cooking techniques, packaging, transportation and delivery. It is possible that others will independently develop the same or similar know-how or otherwise obtain access to our proprietary know-how. To protect our trade secrets and other proprietary know-how, we require employees, consultants, advisors and collaborators to enter into confidentiality agreements. We cannot assure you that these agreements will provide meaningful protection in the event of any unauthorized use, misappropriation or disclosure of our trade secrets, know-how or other proprietary information. If we are unable to maintain the proprietary nature of our recipes, methods and other know-how, we could be materially adversely affected.
Further, to the extent we develop, introduce and acquire products, the risk of such claims may be exacerbated. Any such claims, even those without merit, could (i) require us to expend significant resources, (ii) cause us to cease making or using products that incorporate the challenged intellectual property, (iii) require us to redesign, reengineer or rebrand our products or packaging, including our Freshpet Fridges, (iv) divert management's attention and resources or (v) require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements in order to obtain the right to use a third-party's intellectual property, which may not be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. Any of such events may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Risks Related to our International Operations
We may face difficulties as we expand into countries in which we have no prior operating experience. 
In recent years, we have expanded our global footprint by entering into new markets and may expand into additional markets in the future. For example, we currently do business with four retailers in the United Kingdom, where our products are selling in approximately 608 stores. As we continue to expand our business into new countries, we may encounter tariffs, regulatory, personnel, technological and other difficulties that increase our expenses or delay our ability to become profitable in such countries. This may have an adverse effect on our business.
In addition, our expansion into new countries may require significant resources and the efforts and attention of our management and other personnel, which will divert resources from our existing business operations. As we expand our business globally, our success will depend, in large part, on our ability to anticipate and effectively manage these and other risks associated with our operations outside of the United States and Canada.
Risks Related to Environmental Regulation and Environmental Risks
We are subject to environmental regulation and environmental risks, which may adversely affect our business. Climate change or concerns regarding climate change may increase environmental regulation and environmental risks. 
As a result of our agricultural and food processing operations, we are subject to numerous environmental laws and regulations at the federal, state and local levels. As these laws and regulations become increasingly complex, our compliance costs become increasingly expensive. Changes in environmental conditions may result in existing legislation having a greater impact on us. Additionally, we may be subject to new legislation and regulation in the future. 
For example, the long-term effects of global climate change present both physical risks (such as extreme weather conditions or rising sea levels) and transition risks (such as regulatory or technology changes), which are expected to be widespread and unpredictable. These changes could over time affect, for example, the availability and cost of products, commodities, including our ingredients, and energy (including utilities), which in turn may impact our ability to procure goods or services required for the operation of our business at the quantities and levels we require. Regulations limiting greenhouse gas emissions and energy inputs may also increase in coming years, which may increase our costs associated with compliance.
23
Table of Contents
Additionally, compliance with evolving environmental legislation and regulations at the international, national, state and local levels, particularly if they are more aggressive than our current sustainability measures used to monitor our emissions and improve our energy efficiency, may increase our costs and adversely affect our results of operations. We cannot predict the extent to which any environmental law or regulation that may be enacted or enforced in the future may affect our operations. The effect of these actions and future actions on the availability and use of pesticides could adversely impact our financial position or results of operations. If the cost of compliance with applicable environmental laws or regulations increases, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be negatively impacted.
Risks Related to Information Technology and Cyber Security
Our business operations could be disrupted if our information technology systems fail to perform adequately. 
The efficient operation of our business depends on our information technology systems, some of which are managed by third-party service providers. We rely on our information technology systems to effectively manage our business data, communications, supply chain, order entry and fulfillment, and other business processes. The failure of our information technology systems to perform as we anticipate could disrupt our business and could result in transaction errors, processing inefficiencies, and the loss of sales and customers, impacts to working capital, causing our business and results of operations to suffer. In addition, our information technology systems may be vulnerable to damage or interruption from circumstances beyond our control, including but not limited to fire, natural disasters, power outages, systems failures, security breaches, physical theft or vandalism, unintentional disruptions, cyber-attacks and viruses. Any such damage or interruption could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
We are subject to cyber security risks and may incur increasing costs in an effort to minimize those risks. 
Our business employs systems and websites that allow for the secure storage and transmission of proprietary or confidential information regarding our customers, employees, suppliers and others, including personal identification information. Security breaches could expose us to a risk of loss or misuse of this information, litigation, and potential liability. We, or third-party service providers on whom we may rely, may not have the resources or technical sophistication to anticipate or prevent rapidly-evolving types of cyber-attacks, including those generated by artificial intelligence. Attacks may be targeted at us, our customers and suppliers, or others who have entrusted us with information. Actual or anticipated attacks may cause us to incur increasing costs, including costs to deploy additional personnel and protection technologies, provide additional training for employees, and engage third-party experts and consultants. In addition, data and security breaches can also occur as a result of non-technical issues, including breach by us or by persons with whom we have commercial relationships that result in the unauthorized release of personal or confidential information. Furthermore, the increased use of smartphones, tablets, and other wireless devices, as well as continued work-from-home arrangements for a substantial portion of our corporate employees, may also heighten these and other operational risks. Any compromise or breach of our security could result in a violation of applicable privacy and other laws, including federal and state law, as well as the General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR"), which could result in significant legal and financial exposure, and a loss of confidence in our security measures, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
24
Table of Contents
Risks Related to our NOLs
We may be unable to use some or all of our net operating loss carryforwards, which could adversely affect our financial results.
As of December 31, 2024, we had federal net operating loss (“NOLs”) carryforwards of approximately $391.5 million and state NOLs of approximately $278.4 million that we may use to offset taxable income for U.S. federal and state income tax purposes, respectively. In general, a corporation that undergoes an "ownership change" is subject to limitations on its ability to utilize its “pre-ownership change” NOLs to offset future taxable income. In general, under the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), an ownership change occurs if the aggregate stock ownership of certain stockholders (generally 5% stockholders, applying certain look-through and aggregation rules) increases by more than 50 percentage points over such stockholders’ lowest percentage ownership during the testing period (generally three years). We have completed several analyses under Section 382 of the Code in the past which concluded that certain annual limitations exist. Purchases or sales of our common stock in amounts greater than specified levels, which are generally beyond our control, could create additional limitations on our ability to utilize our NOLs for tax purposes in the future. Limitations imposed on our ability to utilize NOLs could cause an increase in the amount of our aggregate payments of U.S. federal and state income taxes in future years. In addition, (i) the amount of NOLs generated in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017 that we are permitted to deduct in any taxable year beginning after December 31, 2020 is limited to 80% of our taxable income in such year, and (ii) NOLs generated in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2020 cannot be carried back to prior taxable years. Furthermore, we may not be able to generate sufficient taxable income to utilize our pre-2018 NOLs before they expire. If any of these events occur, we may not derive some or all of the expected benefits from our NOLs. In addition, NOLs incurred in one state will not be available to offset income earned in a different state. Furthermore, there may be periods during which the use of NOLs is suspended or otherwise limited for state tax purposes, which could accelerate or permanently increase state taxes owed.
Risks Related to Interest Rates
Changes in interest rates may adversely affect our earnings and cash flows.
During periods of rising interest rates, our cost of borrowing could increase, the fair value of our investments could be affected, and it could constrain the purchasing power of our customers. 
Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 
Our quarterly operating results may fluctuate significantly and could fall below the expectations of securities analysts and investors due to various factors that are beyond our control, resulting in a decline in our stock price. 
Our quarterly operating results may fluctuate significantly, including because of the risks described in this "Risks Factors" section. Accordingly, results for any one period are not necessarily indicative of results to be expected for any future period. In the future, operating results may fall below the expectations of securities analysts and investors. In that event, the price of our common stock would likely decrease.
The price of our common stock has been and may continue to be volatile and you may lose all or part of your investment. 
The trading price of our common stock has been, and may continue to be, volatile, and you may not be able to resell your shares at or above the purchase price. Such volatility could be based on various factors relating to our Company and industry, including those described in this “Risks Factors" section.
In addition, in recent years the stock market has experienced significant price and volume fluctuations. These fluctuations may be unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. These broad market fluctuations may cause declines in the market price of our common stock. The price of our common stock could fluctuate based upon factors that have little or nothing to do with our business, financial condition and results of operations, and those fluctuations could materially reduce our common stock price.
As we operate in a single industry, we are especially vulnerable to these factors to the extent that they affect our industry or our products. In the past, securities class action litigation has often been initiated against companies following periods of volatility in their stock price and we have defended against such lawsuits in the past.
25
Table of Contents
Future sales of our common stock, or the perception that such sales may occur, could depress our common stock price. 
As of December 31, 2024, we had 48,701,787 shares of common stock outstanding, and our Certificate of Incorporation authorizes us to issue up to 200 million shares of common stock.
In the future, we may issue additional shares of common stock or other securities if we need to raise additional capital. The number of new shares of our common stock issued in connection with raising additional capital could constitute a material portion of the then outstanding shares of our common stock. Any future sales of our common stock, or the perception that such sales may occur, could negatively impact the price of our common stock.
Actions of activist stockholders have in the past and could in the future cause us to incur substantial costs, divert management's attention and resources, and have an adverse effect on our business.
We have in the past been, and may in the future be, subject to proposals by stockholders urging us to take certain corporate actions. If activist stockholder activities continue, our business could be adversely affected because responding to proxy contests and reacting to other actions by activist stockholders can be costly and time-consuming, disrupt our operations, and divert the attention of management and our employees. For example, we have been and may continue to be required to retain the services of various professionals to advise us on activist stockholder matters, including legal, financial, and communications advisers, the costs of which may negatively impact our future financial results. This may be exploited by our competitors, cause concern to our current or potential customers, and make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified personnel. In addition, actions of activist shareholders may cause significant fluctuations in our stock price based on temporary or speculative market perceptions or other factors that do not necessarily reflect the underlying fundamentals and prospects of our business. 
Future offerings of debt securities, which would rank senior to our common stock upon our bankruptcy or liquidation, and future offerings of equity securities, which may be senior to our common stock for the purposes of dividend and liquidating distributions, may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
In the future, we may attempt to increase our capital resources by making offerings of debt securities or additional offerings of equity securities. Upon bankruptcy or liquidation, holders of our debt securities and shares of preferred stock and lenders with respect to other borrowings would receive a distribution of our available assets prior to the holders of our common stock. Additional equity offerings may dilute the holdings of our existing stockholders or reduce the market price of our common stock, or both, and may result in future Section 382 limitations that could reduce the rate at which we utilize our NOL carryforwards. Preferred stock, if issued, could have a preference on liquidating distributions or a preference on dividend payments or both that could limit our ability to make a dividend distribution to the holders of our common stock. Our decision to issue securities in any future offering will depend on market conditions and other factors beyond our control. As a result, we cannot predict or estimate the amount, timing or nature of our future offerings, and purchasers of our common stock in this offering bear the risk of our future offerings reducing the market price of our common stock and diluting their ownership interest in our company.
ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
None.
ITEM 1C. CYBERSECURITY
The information technology systems we rely upon to effectively manage our business data, communications, supply chain, fulfillment, and other business processes are subject to risk from security breaches and other significant disruptions. Such breaches and disruptions may occur through breaches by our personnel or by intrusions over the internet, malware, computer viruses, attachments to e-mails or by persons with whom we have commercial relationships. 
While we have not, as of the date of this Form 10-K, experienced a cybersecurity threat or incident that resulted in a material adverse impact to our business or operations, there can be no guarantee that we will not experience such an incident in the future.
 See "