Item 1A. Risk Factors
In addition to other information contained in this Report that may affect us, the risk factors described below, as well as any cautionary language in this Report, provide examples of risks, uncertainties, and events that could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our operating results and financial condition. In addition to the risks and uncertainties described below, other risks and uncertainties not currently known to us, or that we currently deem to be immaterial, also may materially or adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. The value or market price of our common stock could decline due to any of these identified or other unidentified risks.
Risks Related to Our Business
Changes and instability in economic conditions, geopolitical matters and financial markets, including a contraction of economic activity including a possible recession, could adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition.
Our success is impacted, to a certain extent by global, domestic and local economic and political conditions, as well as governmental monetary policies. More specifically, the local economic conditions of the Carolinas and the specific markets in which we operate have a significant impact on the demand for our products and services, as well as the ability of our customers to repay loans to us.  Conditions such as changes in interest rates, money supply, levels of employment and other factors beyond our control may have a negative impact on economic activity. A deterioration in economic conditions, including an economic recession, may adversely affect our asset quality, deposit levels and loan demand and, therefore, our earnings. In particular, interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors that are beyond our control, including global, domestic and local economic conditions and the policies of various governmental and regulatory agencies and, specifically, the Federal Reserve. Throughout 2022 and 2023, the FOMC raised the target range for the federal funds rate on eleven separate occasions. Beginning in September 2024, the FOMC began to lower the target range for the federal funds rate. As of December 31, 2024, the target range was 4.25% to 4.50%.  In January 2025, the FOMC maintained the target range for the federal funds rate.  Although economic forecasts vary, the FOMC has indicated an expectation of two 25 basis point rate cuts during 2025.  Some economists are projecting that, due to changes in fiscal and economic policies, including tariffs, US economic activity may slow or decrease in 2025.  Economic weakness or persistent inflation could lead to decreased business and consumer confidence and weaker-than-anticipated spending, thereby leading to possible adverse impacts to our business including asset quality, deposit levels, loan demand and results of operations.
We also face credit risk arising from economic
 and geopolitical conditions, among
 other forms of risk. As we have a significant amount of real estate loans, decreases in real estate values could adversely affect the value of property used as collateral, which, in turn, can adversely affect the value of our loan and investment portfolios.  CRE values continue to fluctuate and the outlook for CRE remains dependent on the broader economic environment and, specifically, how major subsectors respond to ongoing economic and behavioral developments.  Some economic indicators suggest that CRE prices remain high relative to fundamentals and US market delinquency rates are elevated.  Credit performance over is susceptible to economic and market forces.  Instability and uncertainty in the commercial and residential real estate markets, as well as in the broader commercial and retail credit markets, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.  Additionally, inflation risk can have an adverse impact on our customers ability to repay their loans.  Our customers may be affected by inflation pressures and the rising costs of goods and services used in their households and businesses, which could have a negative impact on their cash flows and their ability to repay their loans to us.
18
Table of Contents
Lending activities involve substantial credit risk.
We offer a variety of loan products, including residential mortgage, consumer, construction, and commercial loans, with a majority of our portfolio consisting of commercial and industrial loans and commercial loans secured by commercial real estate. Most of our commercial business and commercial real estate loans are made to small business or middle-market customers. These businesses generally have fewer financial resources in terms of capital or borrowing capacity than larger entities and have a heightened vulnerability to economic conditions. Additionally, these loans may increase concentration risk as to industry or collateral securing our loans.  Future growth or acquisitions of banks with a portfolio composition different from ours could cause our portfolio mix to change. 
Lending generally involves various degrees of risk pending on the facts and circumstances of the loan and borrower. If general economic conditions in the market areas in which we operate negatively impact this customer sector, our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. Further, the deterioration of borrowers' businesses may hinder their ability to repay their loans with the Company, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.  Risk of loan defaults is unavoidable in the banking industry. We attempt to limit exposure to this risk by monitoring carefully the amount of loans in specific industries and by exercising prudent lending practices. However, the risk that substantial credit losses could result in reduced earnings or losses cannot be eliminated.
Our ACL may not be adequate to cover actual losses.
CECL requires that credit deterioration is reflected in the income statement in the period of origination or acquisition of a loan, with changes in expected credit losses due to further credit deterioration or improvement reflected in the periods in which the expectation changes. CECL also requires significant management judgment that is supported by models, assumptions, and data elements which may be subjective in nature or, as in the case of macroeconomic forecasts, be volatile from period to period.  These factors involve model risk and are complex and could impact the Company's results of operations and capital levels, particularly in times of economic uncertainty or other unforeseen circumstances.
CECL requires a high degree of judgment related to risk characteristics, asset classification, loss drivers, impact of historical loss data and other factors to develop an estimate of expected lifetime losses. The CECL methodology also may result in perceived small changes to future forecasts having a disproportionate impact on the ACL and resulting provision for loan losses from period to period. 
Because of the extensive use of estimates and assumptions, our actual loan losses could differ, possibly significantly, from our estimate and it is possible that the ACL will need to be increased for changes in economic forecasts, credit deterioration, or regulatory feedback.  An increase in the ACL could materially and adversely affect our earnings, profitability and capital levels.
We are subject to interest rate risk, which could negatively impact earnings.
Net interest income is the most significant component of our earnings. Our net interest income results from the difference between the yields we earn on our interest-earning assets, primarily loans and investments, and the rates that we pay on our interest-bearing liabilities, primarily deposits and borrowings. When interest rates change, the yields we earn on our interest-earning assets and the rates we pay on our interest-bearing liabilities do not necessarily move in tandem with each other because of the difference between their maturities and repricing characteristics and which can negatively impact net interest income.
Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors that are beyond our control, including general economic conditions and policies of various governmental and regulatory agencies and, in particular, the Federal Reserve. Changes in monetary policy, including changes in interest rates, influence not only the interest we receive on loans and investments and the amount of interest we pay on deposits and borrowings, but such changes could also affect (i) our ability to originate loans and obtain deposits; (ii) the fair value of our financial assets and liabilities; and (iii) the average duration of our mortgage portfolio and other interest-earning assets. In January 2022, due to elevated levels of inflation and corresponding pressure to raise interest rates, the Federal Reserve announced after several periods of historically low federal funds rates and yields on Treasury notes that it would be slowing the pace of its bond purchasing and increasing the target range for the federal funds rate over time. Therefore, the FOMC increased the target range eleven times throughout 2022 and 2023.  In the latter months of 2024, due to lower, more consistent inflation levels, the Federal Reserve lowered its federal funds target rate by 100 basis points.  As of 
19
Table of Contents
December 31, 2024, the target range for the federal funds rate was 4.25% - 4.50%. It remains uncertain whether then FOMC will further decrease the federal funds rate to attain a monetary policy appropriate to keep inflation at normalized levels, leave the rate at its current level for a lengthy period of time or if it will resume increasing the target range. 
Although not necessarily expected in 2025, if the interest rates paid on deposits and other borrowings increase at a faster rate than the interest rates received on loans and other investments, our net interest income, and therefore earnings, would generally be adversely affected. Earnings could also be adversely affected if the interest rates received on our loans and other investments fall more quickly than the interest rates paid on deposits and other borrowings. Although management believes it has implemented effective asset and liability management strategies to reduce the potential effects of changes in interest rates on our results of operations, any substantial, unexpected, prolonged change in market interest rates could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations, and any related economic downturn, especially domestically and in the markets in which we operate, may adversely affect our asset quality, deposit levels, loan demand and results of operations. Also, our interest rate risk modeling techniques and assumptions likely may not fully predict or capture the impact of actual interest rate changes on our balance sheet.
Our financial instruments expose us to certain market risks, including changing interest rates, and may increase the volatility of AOCI and total equity.
We hold certain financial instruments measured at fair value, primarily our AFS investments securities. For those financial instruments measured at fair value, we are required to recognize the changes in the fair value of such instruments in AOCI each quarter which impacts our total equity. Fair value can be affected by a variety of factors, many of which are beyond our control, including our credit position, interest rate volatility, capital markets volatility, and other economic factors. Accordingly, the application of fair value accounting for our AFS securities may cause AOCI and total equity to be more volatile than would be suggested by our underlying performance.
Liquidity risk could impair our ability to fund operations and jeopardize our financial condition.
Liquidity is essential to our business. We rely on a number of different sources in order to meet our potential liquidity demands. Our primary sources of liquidity are increases in deposit accounts, cash flows from loan payments, and our securities portfolio. Borrowings also provide us with a source of funds to meet liquidity demands. An inability to raise funds through from these or other sources could have a substantial negative effect on our liquidity.
Our access to funding sources in amounts adequate to finance our activities, or on terms which are acceptable to us, could be impaired by factors that affect us specifically or the financial services industry or economy in general. Factors that could detrimentally impact our access to liquidity sources include adverse regulatory action against us or a decrease in the level of our business activity as a result of a downturn in the markets in which our loans are concentrated. Our ability to borrow could also be impaired by factors that are not specific to us, such as a disruption in the financial markets or negative views and expectations about the prospects for the financial services industry in light of the recent turmoil faced by banking organizations or deterioration in credit markets.
The proportion of our deposit account balances that exceed FDIC insurance limits may expose the Bank to enhanced liquidity risk in times of financial distress.
In its assessment of the larger bank failures that occurred in the first and second quarters of 2023, the FDIC concluded that a significant contributing factor to the failures of the institutions was the proportion of the deposits held by each institution that exceeded FDIC insurance limits.  Uninsured deposits historically have been viewed by the FDIC as less stable than insured deposits. In July 2023, the federal banking agencies issued an interagency policy statement to underscore the importance of robust liquidity risk management and contingency funding planning. In the policy statement, the regulators noted that banks should maintain actionable contingency funding plans that take into account a range of possible stress scenarios, assess the stability of their funding and maintain a broad range of funding sources, ensure that collateral is available for borrowing, and review and revise contingency funding plans periodically and more frequently as market conditions and strategic initiatives change.
If a significant portion of our deposits were to be withdrawn within a short period of time such that additional sources of funding would be required to meet withdrawal demands, the Bank may be unable to obtain funding at favorable terms, which may have an adverse effect on our net interest margin. Moreover, obtaining adequate funding to meet our deposit obligations may be more challenging during periods of elevated prevailing interest rates, such as the present period. Our ability to attract depositors during a time of actual or perceived distress or instability in the 
20
Table of Contents
marketplace may be limited. Further, interest rates paid for borrowings generally exceed the interest rates paid on deposits. This spread may be exacerbated by higher prevailing interest rates. In addition, because our AFS investment securities lose value when interest rates rise, after-tax proceeds resulting from the sale of such assets may be diminished during periods when interest rates are elevated. For additional information regarding uninsured deposits and liquidity, see Deposits and Liquidity sections of 2024 MD&A Item 7 following.
Cybersecurity incidents or other disruptions of communications or information systems could disrupt business operations, result in the loss of critical and confidential information, and adversely impact our reputation and results of operations.
Global cybersecurity threats and incidents can range from uncoordinated individual attempts to gain unauthorized access to information technology systems to sophisticated and targeted measures, known as advanced persistent threats, directed at us and/or our third party service providers. While we have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, these types of threats and incidents, none of them to date have been material to the Company.  Although we employ comprehensive measures to prevent, detect, address, and mitigate these threats (including access controls, employee training, data encryption, vulnerability assessments, continuous monitoring of our networks and systems and maintenance of backup and protective systems), cybersecurity incidents, depending on their nature and scope, could potentially result in the misappropriation, destruction, corruption or unavailability of critical data and confidential or proprietary information (our own or that of third parties) and the disruption of our business operations.  Any successful cyberattack may subject us to regulatory investigations, litigation (including class action litigation) or enforcement, or require the payment of regulatory fines or penalties or undertaking costly remediation efforts with respect to third parties affected by a cybersecurity incident, all or any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations and damage our reputation. In addition, we cannot guarantee that any costs and liabilities incurred in relation to an attack or incident will be covered by our existing insurance policies or that applicable insurance will be available to us in the future on economically reasonable terms or at all.
We rely heavily on communications and information systems to conduct our business. Our daily operations depend on the operational effectiveness of our technology. Any failure, interruption, or breach in security of our computer systems or outside vendor technology could result in failures or disruptions in general ledger, deposit, loan, customer relationship management, and other systems leading to inaccurate financial records. While we have disaster recovery and other policies and procedures designed to prevent or limit the effect of any failure, interruption, or security breach of our information systems, there can be no assurance that any such failures, interruptions, or security breaches will not occur or, if they do occur, that they will be adequately addressed. The occurrence of any failures, interruptions, or security breaches of our information systems could damage our reputation, result in a loss of customer business, subject us to additional regulatory scrutiny, or expose us to civil litigation and possible financial liability, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
In addition, the Bank provides its customers the ability to bank online and through mobile banking. The secure transmission of confidential information over the internet is a critical element of online and mobile banking. While we use qualified third party vendors to test and audit our network, our network could become vulnerable to unauthorized access, computer viruses, phishing schemes, and other security issues. The Bank may be required to spend significant capital and other resources to alleviate problems caused by security breaches or computer viruses. To the extent that the Bank’s activities or the activities of its customers involve the storage and transmission of confidential information, security breaches and viruses could expose the Bank to claims, litigation, and other potential liabilities. Any inability to prevent security breaches or computer viruses could also cause existing customers to lose confidence in the Bank’s systems and could adversely affect its reputation and its ability to generate deposits.
We rely on certain external vendors.
We are reliant upon certain external vendors to provide products and services necessary to maintain our day-to-day operations. We outsource the processing of our core data system, as well as other systems such as online banking, to third party vendors.  Accordingly, our operations are exposed to risk that these vendors will not perform in accordance with applicable contractual arrangements or service level agreements. We maintain a system of policies and procedures designed to monitor vendor risks including, among other things, changes in the vendor’s organizational structure, financial condition, and support for existing products and services. While we believe these policies and procedures help to mitigate risk, and our vendors are not the sole source of service, the failure of an external vendor to perform in accordance with applicable contractual arrangements or the service level agreements 
21
Table of Contents
could be disruptive to our operations, which could have a material adverse impact on our business and its financial condition and results of operations.  Additionally, if our third party vendors encounter difficulties or if we have difficulty in communicating with such third party, it will significantly affect our ability to adequately process and account for customer transactions, which would significantly affect our business operations.
Information security risks for financial institutions continue to increase in part because of new technologies, the increased use of the internet and telecommunications technologies (including mobile devices and cloud computing) to conduct financial and other business transactions, political activism, and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, perpetrators of fraud, hackers, terrorists and others.
We rely on computer systems, hardware, software, technology infrastructure and online sites and networks for both internal and external operations that are critical to our business. Operational risk related to cyberattacks is increasing as cyberattacks evolve and have a greater and more pervasive economic impact. In addition to cyberattacks or other security breaches involving the theft of sensitive and confidential information, hackers have engaged in attacks against financial institutions designed to disrupt key business services, such as customer-facing web sites. Critical infrastructure sectors, including financial services, increasingly have been the targets of cyberattacks, including attacks emanating from foreign countries. Cyberattacks involving financial institutions, including distributed denial of service attacks designed to disrupt external customer-facing services, nation state cyberattacks and ransomware attacks designed to deny organizations access to key internal resources or systems or other critical data, as well as targeted social engineering and phishing email and text message attacks designed to allow unauthorized persons to obtain access to an institution’s information systems and data or that of its customers, are becoming more common and increasingly sophisticated. Further, threat actors are increasingly seeking to target vulnerabilities in software systems (including bugs, vulnerabilities in third-party systems or software and technical misconfigurations in hardware and software) and weak authentication controls used by large numbers of banking organizations in order to conduct malicious cyber activities. These types of attacks have resulted in increased supply chain and third-party risk. Because the methods of cyberattacks change frequently or, in some cases, are not recognized until launch, we are not able to anticipate or implement effective preventive measures against all possible security breaches and the probability of a successful attack cannot be predicted. Although we employ detection and response mechanisms designed to contain and mitigate security incidents, early detection may be thwarted by persistent sophisticated attacks and malware designed to avoid detection.  Our inability to prevent, detect, and respond to cyberattacks may lead to reputational damage, litigation with third parties, and increased cybersecurity protection and remediation costs, which in turn could materially adversely affect our results of operations.
In the normal course of business, we process large volumes of transactions involving millions of dollars. If our internal controls fail to work as expected, we could experience significant losses.
We process large volumes of transactions on a daily basis involving millions of dollars and are exposed to numerous types of operational risk, including the risk of fraud by persons inside or outside the Company, the execution of unauthorized transactions by employees, errors relating to transaction processing and systems, and breaches of the internal control system and compliance requirements. This risk also includes potential legal actions that could arise as a result of an operational deficiency or as a result of noncompliance with applicable regulatory standards.
As part of these transactions, we settle funds on behalf of financial institutions, other businesses and consumers and receive funds from clients, card issuers, payment networks and consumers on a daily basis for a variety of transaction types. Transactions we facilitate include wire transfers, debit card, credit card and electronic bill payment transactions, supporting consumers, financial institutions and other businesses. These payment activities rely upon the technology infrastructure that facilitates the verification of activity with counterparties and the facilitation of the payment. If the continuity of our operations or integrity of our processing were compromised, this could result in a financial loss to us due to a failure in payment facilitation. In addition, we may issue credit to consumers, financial institutions or other businesses as part of the funds settlement. A default on this credit by a counterparty could result in a financial loss to us.
We establish and maintain systems of internal operational controls that provide us with timely and accurate information about our level of operational risk. These systems have been designed to manage operational risk at appropriate, cost-effective levels. Procedures exist that are designed to ensure that policies relating to conduct, ethics, and business practices are followed.  We continually monitor and improve our internal controls, data 
22
Table of Contents
processing systems, and corporate-wide processes and procedures, but there can be no assurance that future losses will not occur.
We are subject to extensive regulation, which could have an adverse effect on our operations.
The Bank is subject to extensive regulation and supervision by the Commissioner and the Federal Reserve. This regulation and supervision is intended primarily to enhance the safe and sound operation of the Bank and for the protection of the DIF and our depositors and borrowers, rather than for holders of our equity securities and creditors. In the past, our business has been materially affected by these regulations. This trend is likely to continue in the future.
Regulatory authorities have extensive discretion in their supervisory and enforcement activities, including the imposition of restrictions on operations, the classification of our assets, and the determination of the level of ACL. Changes in the regulations that apply to us, or changes in our compliance with regulations, could have a material impact on our operations.
The BSA, the Patriot Act, and other laws and regulations require financial institutions, among other duties, to institute and maintain effective anti-money laundering programs and file suspicious activity and currency transaction reports as appropriate. The FINCEN, established by the Treasury to administer the BSA, is authorized to impose significant civil money penalties for violations of those requirements and has recently engaged in coordinated enforcement efforts with the individual federal banking regulators, as well as with the U.S. Department of Justice, Drug Enforcement Administration, and Internal Revenue Service. There is also increased scrutiny of compliance with the rules enforced by the OFAC. Federal and state bank regulators also focus on compliance with BSA and AML regulations. If our policies, procedures, and systems are deemed deficient or the policies, procedures, and systems of the financial institutions that we have already acquired or may acquire in the future are deficient, we would be subject to liability, including fines and regulatory actions such as restrictions on our ability to pay dividends and the necessity to obtain regulatory approvals to proceed with certain aspects of our business plan, including our acquisition plans, which would negatively impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Failure to maintain and implement adequate programs to combat money laundering and terrorist financing also could have serious reputational consequences for us.
Federal and state fair lending laws and regulations, such as the Equal Credit Opportunity Act and the Fair Housing Act, impose nondiscriminatory lending requirements on financial institutions. The Department of Justice, the CFPB, and other federal and state agencies are responsible for enforcing these laws and regulations. Private parties may also have the ability to challenge an institution’s performance under fair lending laws in private class action litigation. A successful challenge to our performance under the fair lending laws and regulations could adversely impact our CRA rating and result in a wide variety of sanctions, including the required payment of damages and civil money penalties, injunctive relief, imposition of restrictions on or delays in approving merger and acquisition activity, and restrictions on expansion activity, which could negatively impact our reputation, business, financial condition, and results of operations.
We might be required to raise additional capital in the future, but that capital may not be available or may not be available on terms acceptable to us when it is needed.
We are required to maintain adequate capital levels to support our operations. In the future, we might need to raise additional capital to support growth, absorb loan losses, or meet more stringent capital requirements. Our ability to raise additional capital will depend on conditions in the capital markets at that time, which are outside our control, and on our financial performance. Accordingly, we cannot be certain of our ability to raise additional capital in the future if needed or on terms acceptable to us. If we cannot raise additional capital when needed, our ability to conduct our business could be materially impaired.
Consumers may decide not to use banks or specifically our Company to complete their financial transactions.
Technology and other changes are allowing parties to complete financial transactions through alternative methods that historically have involved banks. For example, consumers can now maintain funds that would have historically been held as bank deposits in brokerage accounts, mutual funds, or general-purpose reloadable prepaid cards. Consumers can also complete transactions such as paying bills and/or transferring funds directly without the assistance of banks. The process of eliminating banks as intermediaries, known as “disintermediation,” could result in the loss of fee income, as well as the loss of customer deposits and the related income generated from those 
23
Table of Contents
deposits. The loss of these revenue streams and the lower cost of deposits as a source of funds could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
Additionally, we face substantial competition in all areas of our operations from a variety of different competitors, both within and beyond our principal markets, many of which are larger and may have more financial resources. Such competitors primarily include national, regional, and internet banks within the various markets in which we operate. We also face competition from many other types of financial institutions, including, without limitation, thrifts, credit unions, finance companies, brokerage firms, insurance companies, and other financial intermediaries, such as online lenders and banks. 
As customer preferences and expectations continue to evolve, technology has lowered barriers to entry and made it possible for non-banks to offer products and services traditionally provided by banks, such as automatic transfer and automatic payment systems. Banks, securities firms, and insurance companies can merge under the umbrella of a financial holding company, which can offer virtually any type of financial service, including banking, securities underwriting, insurance (both agency and underwriting), and merchant banking. Many of our competitors have fewer regulatory constraints and may have lower cost structures. Additionally, due to their size, many competitors may be able to achieve economies of scale and, as a result, may offer a broader range of products and services as well as better pricing for those products and services than we can.
Our ability to compete successfully depends on a number of factors, including, among other things:
•
the ability to develop, maintain, and build upon long-term customer relationships based on top quality service, high ethical standards, and safe, sound assets;
•
the ability to expand our market position;
•
the scope, relevance, and pricing of products and services offered to meet customer needs and demands;
•
the rate at which we introduce new products and services relative to our competitors;
•
customer satisfaction with our level of service; and
•
industry and general economic trends.
Failure to perform in any of these areas could significantly weaken our competitive position, which could adversely affect our growth and profitability, which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
Negative public opinion regarding our Company and the financial services industry in general, could damage our reputation and adversely impact our earnings.
Reputation risk, or the risk to our business, earnings, and capital from negative public opinion regarding our Company and the financial services industry in general, is inherent in our business. Negative public opinion can result from actual or alleged conduct in any number of activities, including lending practices, corporate governance and acquisitions, and from actions taken by government regulators and community organizations in response to those activities. Negative public opinion can adversely affect our ability to keep and attract clients and employees and can expose us to litigation and regulatory action. Although we have taken steps to minimize reputation risk in dealing with our clients and communities, this risk always will be present given the nature of our business.  In addition, the financial stability of other financial institutions could adversely impact  our ability to engage in routine funding transactions.  Defaults by, or even rumors or questions about one or more financials institutions can lead to market-wide liquidity challenges and could lead to losses or defaults by us or by other institutions.
Failure to keep pace with technological change could adversely affect our business.
The financial services industry is continually undergoing rapid technological change with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services. The effective use of technology increases efficiency and enables financial institutions to better serve customers and to reduce costs. Our future success depends, in part, upon our ability to address the needs of our customers by using technology to provide products and services that will satisfy customer demands, as well as to create additional efficiencies in our operations. Many of our competitors have substantially greater resources to invest in technological improvements. We may not be able to effectively implement new technology-driven products and services or be successful in marketing these products and services to our customers. Failure to successfully keep pace with technological change affecting the financial services industry could have a material adverse impact on our business and, in turn, our financial condition and results of operations.
24
Table of Contents
New lines of business or new products and services may subject us to additional risk.
From time to time, we may implement new lines of business or offer new products and services within existing lines of business. There are substantial risks and uncertainties associated with these efforts, particularly in instances where the markets are not fully developed. We may invest significant time and resources in these efforts. Initial timetables for the introduction and development of new lines of business and/or new products or services may not be achieved and price and profitability targets may not prove feasible. External factors, such as compliance with regulations, competitive alternatives, and shifting market preferences, may also impact the successful implementation of a new line of business and/or a new product or service. Furthermore, any new line of business and/or new product or service could have a significant impact on the effectiveness of our system of internal controls. Failure to successfully manage these risks in the development and implementation of new lines of business and/or new products or services could have a material adverse effect on our business and, in turn, our financial condition and results of operations.
Our reported financial results are impacted by management’s selection of accounting methods and certain assumptions and estimates.
Our accounting policies and methods are fundamental to the way we record and report our financial condition and results of operations. Our management must exercise judgment in selecting and applying many of these accounting policies and methods so they comply with GAAP and reflect management’s judgment of the most appropriate manner to report our financial condition and results. In some cases, management must select the accounting policy or method to apply from two or more alternatives, any of which may be reasonable under the circumstances, yet may result in reporting materially different results than would have been reported under a different alternative.
Certain accounting policies are critical to presenting our financial condition and results. They require management to make difficult, subjective, or complex judgments about matters that are uncertain. Materially different amounts could be reported under different conditions or using different assumptions or estimates. These critical accounting estimates include: the allowance for credit losses; business combinations, and goodwill and other intangible assets.
Our internal controls may be ineffective.
Management regularly reviews and updates our internal controls, disclosure controls and procedures, and corporate governance policies and procedures. Any system of controls, however well designed and operated, is based in part on certain assumptions and can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurances that the objectives of the controls are met. Any failure or circumvention of our controls and procedures or failure to comply with regulations related to controls and procedures could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
We may not be able to attract and retain skilled employees, adversely affecting our business.
The success of our business is highly dependent on the talents and efforts of our employees.  Additionally, relationships between our key employees and the customers with whom they maintain relationships contribute to our success. Therefore, our success depends on our ability to attract and retain skilled people. Competition for the best people can be intense, and we may not be able to hire or retain sufficiently qualified people. The unexpected loss of services of one or more of our key personnel could have a material adverse impact on our business because of their skills, knowledge of our markets, years of industry experience, and/or the difficulty of promptly finding qualified replacement personnel.  The loss of business if the customers were to follow that employee to a competitor or otherwise choose to transition to another financial services provider could adversely impact our business. While we believe we have strong relationships with our key personnel, there is no guarantee that all of our key personnel will remain with our organization.
We may be adversely affected by risks associated with potential and completed acquisitions.
As part of our growth strategy, we regularly evaluate merger and acquisition opportunities and conduct due diligence activities related to possible transactions with other financial institutions and financial services companies. As a result, negotiations may take place and future mergers or acquisitions involving cash, debt, or equity securities may occur at any time. We seek merger and acquisition partners that are culturally similar, have experienced management, and possess either significant market presence or have potential for improved profitability through financial management, economies of scale, or expanded services.
25
Table of Contents
Acquiring other financial institutions, financial services companies, or branches involves potential adverse impact to our financial results and various other risks commonly associated with acquisitions, including, among other things:
•
Incurring time and expense associated with identifying and evaluating potential acquisitions and negotiating potential transactions, and with integrating acquired businesses, resulting in the diversion of resources from the operation of our existing businesses;
•
Acquisitions may also be subject to various regulatory approvals. If we fail to receive the appropriate regulatory approvals, we will not be able to consummate acquisitions that we believe are in our best interests;
•
Difficulty in estimating the value of target companies or assets and in evaluating credit, operations, management, and market risks associated with those companies or assets;
•
Payment of a premium over book and market values that may dilute our tangible book value and earnings per share in the short and long term;
•
Potential exposure to unknown or contingent liabilities of the target company, including, without limitation, liabilities for regulatory and compliance issues;
•
Exposure to potential asset quality issues of the target company;
•
Difficulties, inefficiencies or cost overruns associated with the integration of the operations, personnel, technologies, services, and products of acquired companies with ours. Further, expected revenue and/or operational synergies and cost savings associated with pending or recently completed acquisitions may not be fully realized or realized within the expected time frame;
•
Inability to realize the expected revenue increases, cost savings, increases in geographic or product presence, and/or other projected benefits;
•
Potential disruption to our business; and
•
The possible loss of key employees and customers of the target company.
Failure to successfully integrate the entities we acquire into our existing operations could increase our operating costs significantly and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
If the goodwill that we recorded in connection with a business acquisition becomes impaired, it could have a significant negative impact on our profitability.
Goodwill represents the amount of consideration exchanged over the fair value of net assets we acquired in the purchase of another business. We review goodwill for impairment at least annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of the asset might be impaired. At December 31, 2024, our goodwill totaled $478.8 million.  While we have recorded no impairment charges since we initially recorded the goodwill, there can be no assurance that our future evaluations of goodwill will not result in findings of impairment and related write-downs, which may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
We are subject to losses due to errors, omissions, or fraudulent behavior by our employees, clients, counterparties, or other third parties.
We are exposed to many types of operational risk, including the risk of fraud by employees and third parties, clerical recordkeeping errors, and transactional errors. Our business is dependent on our employees as well as third-party service providers to process a large number of increasingly complex transactions. We could be materially and adversely affected if employees, clients, counterparties, or other third parties caused an operational breakdown or failure, either as a result of human error, fraudulent manipulation, or purposeful damage to any of our operations or systems.
In deciding whether to extend credit or to enter into other transactions with clients and counterparties, we may rely on information furnished to us by or on behalf of clients and counterparties, including financial statements and other financial information, which we do not independently verify. We also may rely on representations of clients and 
26
Table of Contents
counterparties as to the accuracy and completeness of that information and, with respect to financial statements, on reports of independent auditors.  Our financial condition and results of operations could be negatively affected to the extent we rely on financial statements that do not comply with GAAP or are materially misleading, any of which could be caused by errors, omissions, or fraudulent behavior by our employees, clients, counterparties, or other third parties.
Risks Related to Our Common Stock
An investment in our common stock is not an insured deposit.
Our common stock is not a bank deposit and, therefore, is not insured against loss by the FDIC or by any other public or private entity. An investment in our common stock is inherently risky for the reasons described in this "Risk Factors" section and elsewhere in this Report and is subject to the same market forces that affect the price of common stock in any company. As a result, if you acquire our common stock, you may lose some or all of your investment.
Common stock is equity and is subordinate to our existing and future indebtedness and effectively subordinated to all the indebtedness and other non-common equity claims against our subsidiaries.
Shares of our common stock are equity interests in the Company and do not constitute indebtedness. As such, shares of the common stock rank junior to all of our indebtedness and to other non-equity claims against us and our assets available to satisfy claims against us, including our liquidation. Upon liquidation, lenders and holders of our debt securities, would receive distributions of our available assets prior to holders of our common stock. 
There can be no assurance that we will continue to pay cash dividends
.
Although we have historically paid cash dividends on our common stock, there is no assurance that we will continue to pay cash dividends. Future payment of cash dividends, if any, will be at the discretion of our Board and will be dependent upon our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, economic conditions, and such other factors as the board may deem relevant.
Future sales of our stock by our shareholders or the perception that those sales could occur may cause our stock price to decline.
Although our common stock is listed for trading on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol “FBNC,” the trading volume in our common stock is lower than that of other larger financial services companies. A public trading market having the desired characteristics of depth, liquidity, and orderliness depends on the presence in the marketplace of willing buyers and sellers of our common stock at any given time. This presence depends on the individual decisions of investors and general economic and market conditions over which we have no control. Given the comparatively lower trading volume of our common stock relative to larger institutions, significant sales of our common stock or other volatility in our shares in the public market could cause the trading price of our common stock to decline or to be lower than it otherwise might be in the absence of those sales or perceptions.
We may issue additional shares of stock or equity derivative securities that will dilute the percentage ownership interest of existing shareholders and may dilute the book value per share of our common stock and adversely affect the terms on which we may obtain additional capital.
Subject to applicable NASDAQ rules, our Board generally has the authority, without action by or vote of the shareholders, to issue all or part of any authorized but unissued shares of stock for any corporate purpose, including issuances of equity-based incentives under or outside of our equity compensation plans, issuances of equity in business combination transactions, and issuances of equity to raise additional capital to support growth or to otherwise strengthen our balance sheet.

Any issuance of additional shares of stock or equity derivative securities will dilute the percentage ownership interest of our shareholders and may dilute the book value per share of our common stock.
We may make future acquisitions, which could dilute current shareholders’ stock ownership and expose us to additional risks. 
In accordance with our strategic plan, we evaluate opportunities to acquire other financial institutions, financial services companies and branch locations. Such transactions could have a material effect on our operating results and financial condition, including short- and long-term liquidity, and could require us to issue a significant number of 
27
Table of Contents
shares of common stock or other securities and/or to use a substantial amount of cash, other liquid assets, and/or incur debt.  
Our acquisition activities could involve a number of additional risks, some of which are described in more detail elsewhere in this Report and include: the possibility that expected benefits may not materialize in the timeframe expected or at all, or may be more costly to achieve; using inaccurate estimates and judgments to evaluate credit, operations, management, and market risks with respect to the target company or assets; incurring the time and expense required to integrate the operations and personnel of the combined businesses; the possibility that we will be unable to successfully implement integration strategies due to challenges associated with integrating complex systems, technology, banking offices, and other assets of the acquired company in a manner that minimizes any adverse effect on customers, suppliers, employees, and other constituencies; the possibility of regulatory approval for the acquisition being delayed, impeded, restrictively conditioned or denied due to existing or new regulatory issues surrounding the Company, the target company, the assets acquired or the proposed combined entity; and losing key employees and customers as a result of an acquisition that is poorly received.
Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments
None.
Item 1C. Cybersecurity 
Risk Management and Strategy
The Company recognizes the security of our banking operations is critical to protecting our customers, maintaining our reputation and preserving the value of the Company. 
The Board, primarily through its Risk Committee, provides direction and oversight of the enterprise-wide risk management framework of the Company, and cybersecurity represents a component of the Company’s overall approach to enterprise-wide risk management.

The Company's Information Security Program establishes policies and procedures for the measurement of the effectiveness and efficiency of information security controls related to both design and operations. The Company leverages the following guidelines and frameworks to develop and maintain its Information Security Program: FFIEC Information Security IT Examination Handbook, FFIEC Business Continuity Management IT Examination Handbook, FFIEC Cybersecurity Assessment Tool, and GLBA 501(b).
  In general, the Company addresses cybersecurity risks through a comprehensive, cross-functional approach that is focused on confidentiality, security and availability of the information that the Company collects and stores by identifying, preventing, and mitigating cybersecurity threats and effectively responding to cyber threats when they occur.
As one of the elements of the Company’s overall enterprise-wide risk management approach, our Information Security Program is focused on the following key areas:
•
Security Operation and Governance: The Board has delegated to senior management responsibility for the Information Security Program which is managed through the IT Steering Committee, which maintains alignment and appropriate insight regarding information security activities.
•
Collaborative Approach: The Company has implemented a cross-functional approach to identifying, preventing and mitigating cybersecurity threats and incidents, while also implementing controls and procedures that provide for the prompt escalation of certain cybersecurity incidents so that decisions regarding the public disclosure and reporting of such incidents can be made by management in a timely manner.
•
Security Competencies: 
The Information Security department oversees a program of security competencies and tools designed to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our data
. These assets represent a blend of various management (e.g., policies), operational (e.g., standards and processes), and technical controls (e.g., tools and configurations).
•
Incident Response Plan: The Company has a contracted with a third-party to provides continual security monitoring 24 hours per day, seven days per week, where resources actively deliver threat analysis, vulnerability management, intrusion detection, and intrusion hunting. The Company’s Incident Response Plan helps reduce the risks related to security incidents by providing guidelines on responding to incidents.
•
Third-Party Risk Management:
 Management of the Company’s third parties, including vendors and service providers, is conducted through a risk-based approach and the level of due diligence is driven from risk factors established by our Risk Management program. The process provides awareness and collaboration 
28
Table of Contents
across internal teams including, but not limited to, Information Technology, Information Security and Business Continuity.  In addition to ongoing monitoring of select vendors, a review is conducted on new or significantly changed third parties, applications, and technology to ensure that systems and third parties meet certain baseline requirements. This process is used to identify and monitor risks in vendor arrangements and assists management in establishing appropriate risk responses.
•
Security Awareness and Education: The Company provides annual, mandatory training for personnel regarding security awareness as a means to equip the Company’s personnel with the understanding of how to properly use and protect the computing resources entrusted to them, and to communicate the Company’s information security policies, standards, processes and practices.
The Company leverages regular assessments to identify current and potential threats and vulnerabilities within the Company’s environment. Technical vulnerabilities are identified using automated vulnerability scanning tools, penetration testing, and system management tools, whereas non-technical vulnerabilities are identified via process or procedural reviews. The Company conducts a variety of assessments throughout the year, both internally and through third parties. Vulnerability assessment and penetration tests are performed on a regular basis to provide the Company with an unbiased view of its environment and controls. Vulnerabilities identified during these assessments are inventoried in a centralized tracking system and reported to management on a regular basis. A multi-step approach is applied to identify, report and remediate these vulnerabilities, and the Company adjusts its information security policies, standards, processes and practices as necessary based on the information provided by these assessments. The results of key assessments are reported in summary to the Board annually.
Governance
The Risk Committee of the Board provides direction and oversight of the enterprise-wide risk management framework of the Company, including the management of risks arising from cybersecurity threats. The Risk Committee receives periodic presentations which include updates on cybersecurity risks, including the threat environment, evolving standards, projects and initiatives, vulnerability assessments, third-party and independent reviews, technological trends and information security considerations arising with respect to the Company’s peers and third parties. 
The Risk Committee also receives information regarding any cybersecurity incident that meets established reporting thresholds, as well as ongoing updates regarding any such incident until it has been addressed.
 The full Board receives reports from the Risk Committee related to information cybersecurity.

Our Chief Operating Officer ("COO")
, works collaboratively across the Company to implement a program designed to protect the Company’s information systems from cybersecurity threats and to promptly respond to any cybersecurity incidents in accordance with the Company’s Incident Response Plans, including an assessment of the potential materiality of any cybersecurity incident.
 To facilitate the success of the Company’s cybersecurity risk management program, multidisciplinary teams throughout the Company are deployed to address cybersecurity threats and to respond to cybersecurity incidents. Through ongoing communications with these teams, the COO, Information Security, and Risk Management teams monitor the prevention, detection, mitigation and remediation of cybersecurity threats and incidents in real time, and report such threats and incidents to the Corporate Crisis Management Team and ultimately the 
Board
 when appropriate.  We believe our Board and management, including the Chief Operating Officer, have the appropriate expertise, background, and depth of experience to manage risks arising from cybersecurity threats, including applicable knowledge gained through industry experience, internal and external training, and periodic discussions with consultants and peers with applicable knowledge and expertise. In addition, members of our management hold varying levels of relevant cybersecurity certifications.
To our knowledge, neither cybersecurity threats, nor the results including as a result of any previous cybersecurity incidents have materially affected the Company, including its business strategy, results of operations or financial condition.
 With regard to the possible impact of future cybersecurity threats or incidents, see Item 1A, Risk Factors - 
Risks Related to Out Business
.