Item 1.  Business.
Overview
AAON, Inc., a Nevada corporation, (“AAON Nevada”) was incorporated on August 18, 1987. Our operating subsidiaries include AAON, Inc., an Oklahoma corporation (“AAON Oklahoma”), AAON Coil Products, Inc., a Texas corporation (“AAON Coil Products”), and BASX, Inc., an Oregon corporation (“BASX”). Unless the context otherwise requires, references in this Annual Report to “AAON”, the “Company”, “we”, “us”, “our”, or “ours” refer to AAON Nevada and our subsidiaries.
AAON is a leader in heating, ventilation, and air conditioning (“HVAC”) solutions for commercial and industrial indoor environments. The Company’s unique approach to designing and manufacturing highly configurable equipment to meet exact needs creates a premier ownership experience with greater efficiency, performance, and long-term value. AAON is headquartered in Tulsa, Oklahoma, where its world-class innovation center and testing capabilities enable continuous advancement toward a cleaner and more sustainable future.
Business Segments
The Company conducts its business through three business segments: AAON Oklahoma, AAON Coil Products, and BASX.
AAON Oklahoma:
 AAON Oklahoma engineers, manufactures and sells semi-custom and custom HVAC systems, designs and manufactures controls solutions, and sells aftermarket parts to customers through retail part stores and online. AAON Oklahoma includes the operations of our Tulsa, Oklahoma, Memphis, Tennessee and Parkville, Missouri manufacturing facilities, two retail locations, and the Norman Asbjornson Innovation Center (“NAIC”) research and development laboratory accredited by the Air Movement and Control Association International, Inc. (“AMCA”). 
With the NAIC, a world-class research and development (“R&D”) laboratory in Tulsa, Oklahoma, our products are continuously tested under a variety of extreme environmental conditions to ensure they deliver the ultimate performance, efficiency, and value.
Also located in Tulsa, Oklahoma, our cutting-edge Exploration Center showcases the engineering, design attributes, and premium build quality of our equipment side-by-side the market alternatives.
AAON Coil Products: 
AAON Coil Products engineers and manufactures a selection of our semi-custom, and custom HVAC systems as well as a variety of heating and cooling coils to be used in HVAC systems, mostly for the benefit of AAON Oklahoma, AAON Coil Products, and BASX. AAON Coil Products consists of operations at our Longview, Texas manufacturing facilities. BASX branded products are also manufactured in Longview.
BASX: 
BASX engineers, manufactures, and sells an array of custom, high-performance cooling solutions for the rapidly growing hyperscale data center market, ventilation solutions for cleanroom environments in the bio-pharmaceutical, semiconductor, medical and agriculture markets, and highly custom, air handlers and modular solutions for a vast array of markets. BASX consists of operations at our Redmond, Oregon manufacturing facilities.
For more information on our business segments’ financial position and results of operations, refer to Note 23, “Segments,” of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
Business and Marketing Strategy
Our products serve the commercial, industrial, data center, and cleanroom markets within the HVAC equipment industry. Our strategy involves mass semi-customization leveraging flexible computer-aided manufacturing systems to produce highly configurable equipment. We differentiate from other HVAC manufacturers by combining the low unit costs of mass production processes with the flexibility of individual customization. 
Through a collaborative effort with our network of independent sales representatives, we engineer and manufacture products and systems that best serve the buyer’s unique needs and applications.
Our go-to-market strategy is centered around customers and markets that demand HVAC equipment with extraordinary performance and durability, greater energy efficiency, and best overall value. We manufacture equipment with more configurability than other “standard” offerings found in the HVAC equipment industry and we do not manufacture equipment that has not been pre-specified by our customers. 
2
Since day one, AAON has been dedicated to manufacturing and product leadership with innovation through R&D with a specific emphasis on energy performance, durability, efficiency, and indoor air quality.
As a result of our strategy to engineer and manufacture innovative HVAC products of the highest performance, efficiency, and value, we are naturally committed to meeting regulatory and certification standards of the relevant standard setting bodies, including the Air-Conditioning, Heating, and Refrigeration Institute (“AHRI”); the American National Standards Institute (“ANSI”); American Society of Heating, Refrigeration and Air-Conditioning Engineers (“ASHRAE”); the Air Movement and Control Association (“AMCA”) and the International Organization for Standardization (“ISO”).
To date, our sales have been primarily derived from the domestic market. Foreign sales accounted for approximately $30.1 million, $39.9 million, and $27.6 million of our net sales in 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. As a percentage of net sales, foreign sales accounted for approximately 2.5%, 3.4%, and 3.1% of our net sales in each of those years, respectively.
Products - AAON Brand
AAON branded products are manufactured for, and installed on or beside, commercial and industrial buildings of all sizes. 
The total addressable market for AAON branded products is determined primarily by the number of new commercial and industrial building projects and the replacement demand from existing commercial and industrial buildings. 
The commercial and industrial new construction markets are subject to cyclical fluctuations in that they generally lag behind the housing market. The housing market, in turn, is influenced by cyclical factors such as interest rates, inflation, consumer spending habits, employment rates, the state of the economy and other macroeconomic factors. When new construction is down, we emphasize the replacement market. The ratio of sales for new construction versus replacement is related to various factors. Generally, the cyclical nature of the new construction market impacts this ratio the most over an economic cycle.
Our flagship products consist of a single-unit system that generates heating and cooling in a self-contained cabinet, referred to in the industry as “unitary product.” The majority of our unitary products are installed on the rooftop of commercial and industrial buildings and structures. These are known in the industry as "rooftop units," or (“RTUs”). 
Other finished products include air-source heat pumps, air handling units, condensing units, makeup air units, energy recovery units, geothermal/water-source heat pumps, coils, and controls. 
All AAON branded products are created by assembling a combination of sheet metal and tubing fabrication components and pre-manufactured/purchased components such as coils, compressors, fans, and control systems. All products undergo rigorous end-of-line testing and inspection prior to being shipped to customers.
We offer three groups of RTUs: the RQ Series, consisting of five cooling sizes ranging from two to five tons; the RN Series, offered in 26 cooling sizes ranging from six to 140 tons; and the RZ Series, which is offered in 15 cooling sizes ranging from 45 to 261 tons. 
When configured as Air-Source Heat Pumps (“ASHP”), the RQ and RN Series (two to 50 tons), are capable of operating in ambient outside temperatures as low as zero degrees Fahrenheit.
This class of products, known as AAON Alpha Class™, is a critical, industry-leading solution that meets the increasing demand for commercial building decarbonization. Utilizing unrivaled engineering prowess and cutting-edge compressor technology, AAON Alpha Class™ provides energy-efficient heating and cooling throughout the year in virtually any climate.  
In addition to our flagship packaged RTUs, we offer a variety of products to meet various market needs:
Our SA, SB, and M2 Series consist of indoor packaged, water-cooled or geothermal/water-source heat pump self-contained units with cooling capacities of three to 70 tons.
Our condensing unit, the CF Series, is available from two to 70 tons and can be configured as an Alpha Class ASHP.
3
Our air handling units consist of the indoor H3 and V3 Series and the modular M2 Series, as well as air handling unit configurations of the RQ, RN, RZ, and SA Series units.
Our energy recovery option applicable to our RQ, RN, RZ, and SB units, as well as our H3, V3, and M2 Series air handling units, responds to the U.S. Clean Air Act mandate to increase fresh air in commercial structures. Our products are designed to compete on the higher quality end of standardized products.
Our RN, RQ, M2, and SB Series geothermal/water-source heat pumps are AHRI certified in accordance with ANSI/AHRI/ASHRAE/ISO 13256.
Our unitary air conditioners and heat pumps (RQ and RN Series) are certified with AHRI and the US Department of Energy (“DOE”) to ANSI/AHRI 210/240 up to five tons capacity and ANSI/AHRI 340/360 from five to 63 tons capacity. 
Performance characteristics of our products range in cooling capacity from two to 261 tons and in heating capacity from 24,000 to 4,500,000 British Thermal Units (“BTUs”). 
Many of our products far exceed DOE minimum efficiency standards and are among the highest efficiency products currently available in the market.
A typical commercial building installation requires one ton of air conditioning for every 300-400 square feet or, for a 100,000 square foot building, 250 tons of air conditioning, which can involve multiple units.
Our packaged RTUs with two stage, digital, or variable speed compressors are optimized with high-efficiency evaporator and condenser coils and variable speed fans, leading to an AHRI Certified performance up to 18.0 Seasonal Energy Efficiency Ratio 2 (“SEER2”) and 22.8 integrated energy efficiency ratio (“IEER”). AAON H3/V3 Series energy recovery wheel air handling units provide energy-efficient 100% outside air ventilation by recovering energy that would otherwise be exhausted from a building. 
In addition to the equipment we manufacture, we design and produce high-performance controls solutions that enhance our equipment’s unique features and capabilities. Our controls division provides factory-developed and tested control options for Variable Air Volume, Make-Up Air, Single Zone VAV, Constant Volume, and Zoning systems associated with our products and other HVAC-related equipment.
We offer several controls options: the Orion Controller, factory-installed customer provided controls, and terminal block for field-installed controls. Most of our controls are Underwriters Laboratories category ZPVI2 compliant and BACnet Testing Laboratories certified which ensures our products meet internationally recognized standards for safety, traceability, conformance, and production quality. Our economizer function is California Title 24 certified to minimize energy consumption. Our proven sequences of operation optimize the performance of our HVAC units.
Out of the box, our controls are user-friendly and configurable to provide a variety of HVAC unit application options, in addition, we are able to customize our controls to meet customers’ unique requirements.
Products - BASX Brand
As a full complement to our AAON branded products, our BASX branded products are highly customized to meet the expectations of even the most discerning customers. 
Our data center cooling solutions are focused on providing highly configurable, purpose-built equipment with an emphasis on efficiency, performance, speed of deployment, and build-quality. High-performance air-cooled heat rejection solutions are provided with waterside economizers (with optional adiabatic assisted cooling) and are designed to integrate with high-density computing systems requiring direct to chip liquid cooling. 
Additionally, our perimeter gallery thermal management solutions include direct evaporative coolers, fan coil walls, and computer room air handling (“CRAH”) units. White space solutions for a close-coupled IT load management approach include overhead fan coils and in-row coolers. Packaged solutions include coupled economizing chillers with integrated air handling and packaged direct expansion (“DX”) solutions with airside economizers.
4
Our cleanroom products are built to provide environmental control serving critical processes and high-fidelity control for precise industry requirements. Process cooling solutions include recirculation air handling units and make up air handling units, including the integration of piping systems and controls. Environmental control solutions include modular cleanroom environments, fan filter units, filtered ceiling grids with integral flush mount lighting, pressurized plenums with integral ceiling grids, and hospital surgical suites.
Our BASX branded custom air handling products are primarily used in commercial, industrial, healthcare, and institutional facilities employing chilled water cooling, packaged direct expansion, hydronic heating, indirect gas direct heat, humidification, dehumidification, filtration, and integrated controls. BASX manufactures plenum fans for integration into air handling units and replacement applications. BASX also offers integrated sound performance solutions. 
Air Quality Products
ASHRAE, a professional association with a goal of advancing HVAC systems designs and construction, established an Epidemic Task Force in 2020 and determined several recommendations to mitigate the spread of the virus, including humidity control, air filtration, increased outdoor air ventilation, and air disinfection. 
Humidity control
 - We continue to lead the market in developing energy-efficient humidity control with the use of variable capacity compressors and modulating hot gas reheat. Designing HVAC systems with superior humidity control allows building management to maintain ASHRAE’s recommended ambient relative humidity levels of 40%-60%, the ideal level to inactivate viruses in the air and on surfaces. 
Air Filtration
 - Our standard design uses a backward curved fan wheel, which can accommodate higher airflow and static pressure required for the ASHRAE recommended MERV 13 filtration, the minimum filter level for virus mitigation, with very little reconfiguration. Prior to 2020, a vast majority of commercial buildings used filtration levels of MERV 4 to MERV 8, which has always been acceptable for filtering out typical particulates in the air stream.
Outdoor Air Ventilation
 - 
Our innovative use of energy recovery wheels and energy recovery plates combined with its superior humidity control design can help building management follow outdoor ventilation air recommendations while limiting an increase of energy usage and maintaining recommended humidity levels. AAON’s Delta Class™ products provide industry leading cooling, dehumidification, and heating options for high percentage outdoor air applications to promote better indoor air quality while minimizing energy consumption.
On October 31st, 2022, the DOE released its final ruling concerning direct expansion-dedicated outdoor air systems (“DX-DOAS”). These are systems that condition primarily fresh outside air streams to maintain space comfort and air quality. 
On May 1, 2024, the DOE began regulating the efficiency of dedicated outdoor air units separately from other comfort cooling systems. AHRI will begin certifying the performance of DX-DOAS equipment in 2025. AAON perceives this as an advantage because our equipment is designed for higher energy efficiency and superior part load and dehumidification performance than competitors who focus on the initial sale price of their equipment or do not participate in the certification programs offered by AHRI.
Air Disinfection
 -
 Our basic design characteristics allow for an easy installation of ultraviolet lighting equipment. In addition to this equipment offered as options in new units sold, our basic design characteristics allow for easy installation in units already used in the field. 
Overall, we are well positioned to accommodate the heightened demand for features that can help mitigate virus transmission and improve indoor air quality. The features that ASHRAE recommends require premium designs and configurations that are standard in our units. As a result, we are able to incorporate air quality features into our units at a minimal price premium and with no delivery delay.
Representatives
As of December 31, 2024, we employ a sales staff of 81 individuals and utilize approximately 55 independent manufacturer representatives’ organizations (“Representatives”) having 132 offices to market our products primarily in the United States and Canada. Sales are made directly to the contractor or end user, with shipments made from our Tulsa, Oklahoma, Longview, Texas, Parkville, Missouri, or Redmond, Oregon facilities to the job site. Shipments from our new Memphis, Tennessee plant are expected to start in early 2025.
5
Historically, our products and sales strategy focused on niche markets and applications. However, market trends related to the COVID-19 pandemic and indoor air quality, decarbonization and energy efficiency, and higher energy prices, have positioned us to focus on a wider spectrum of the nonresidential HVAC equipment industry. The targeted markets for our equipment are customers seeking products of higher performance and better quality than those offered, and/or options not offered, by standardized manufacturers.
To support and service our customers and the ultimate consumer, we provide parts availability through our Representatives' sales offices, as well as our two Tulsa, Oklahoma operated retail parts stores, to serve the local markets. We also have factory service organizations at each of our facilities. Additionally, a number of the Representatives we utilize have their own service organizations, which, in connection with us, provide the necessary warranty work and/or normal service to customers.
We have a program focused on increasing service capabilities across our North America Representative network, to ensure we collectively support our customers across North America. We work closely with our Representatives to develop and support business plans, develop leadership capabilities, and provide technician training to our representatives and selected contractors. All of which creates a cohesive network of service organizations to better meet the operational and maintenance needs of our customer base.
Warranties
Our product warranty policy is the earlier of one year from the date of first use or 18 months from the date of shipment for parts only, including controls; 18 months for data center cooling solutions and cleanroom systems; five years for compressors; 15 years on aluminized steel gas-fired heat exchangers; 25 years on stainless steel heat exchangers; and ten years on gas-fired heat exchangers in our historical RL products. Our warranty policy for the RQ series covers parts for two years from the date of unit shipment. Our warranty policy for the WH and WV Series geothermal/water-source heat pumps covers parts for five years from the date of installation.
The Company also sells extended warranties on parts for various lengths of time ranging from six months to ten years. Revenue for these separately priced warranties is deferred and recognized on a straight-line basis over the separately priced warranty period.
Major Customers
For the years-ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, Texas AirSystems accounted for approximately 16.4%, 13.8%, and 12.4% of our sales, respectively. Through portfolio groups, Meriton has an ownership interest in Texas AirSystems and certain other of our sales representatives. The aggregate sales percentages through Meriton-affiliated groups that are in addition to Texas AirSystems’ sales for the years-ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022 accounted for an additional 8.0%, 2.3%, and 1.4%, respectively. 
Two other similar groups, Ambient and AIR Control Concepts, share common ownership of some of our other sales representatives through portfolio groups and for the year-ended December 31, 2024, aggregate sales through their portfolio groups accounted for approximately 14.9% and 9.2% of our sales, respectively. In 2023, aggregate sales for Ambient and AIR Control Concepts accounted for approximately 11.5% and 10.2% of our sales, respectively. Sales through the portfolio groups of either Ambient or AIR Control Concepts did not account for 10% or more of our sales for any years-ended prior to December 31, 2023. No other customers or portfolio groups accounted for more than 10% or more of our sales for the years ended December 31, 2024, and 2023, respectively.
Backlog
Our backlog as of February 1, 2025 was approximately $842.3 million. Management considers the orders that make up the backlog to be firm commitments with minimal risk of cancellation. This is consistent with historical trends as we rarely receive cancellations, even during recessionary times. Nonetheless, orders are subject to cancellation, in which case, cancellation charges apply up to the full price of the equipment. After an order is deemed firm and is entered into the backlog, lead times to fulfill orders for AAON branded products is generally around 10 - 12 weeks. Orders for BASX branded product, including orders built at AAON Coil Products’ Longview location, are typically placed months in advance of requested delivery to secure production for those projects. As a result, portions of the BASX branded product backlog do not turn over within typical lead times for AAON branded products.
6
Competition
Our AAON branded products primarily compete with Lennox (Lennox International, Inc.), Trane (Trane Technologies plc), York International (Johnson Controls International PLC), Carrier (Carrier Global Corporation), and Daikin (Daikin Industries). Our BASX branded products primarily compete with Vertiv (Vertiv Holdings Co.), STULZ (STULZ Air Technology Systems, Inc.), Munters, Silent Aire (Johnson Controls International PLC), Nortek (Nortek Air Solutions), Modine (Modine Manufacturing Co.) and Engineered Air. 
All of our publicly traded competitors are substantially larger and have greater resources than we do. Our products compete on the basis of total value, quality, function, serviceability, efficiency, availability of product, reliability, product line recognition, and acceptability of sales outlets. Historically, our premium equipment was sold at a higher average price compared to most of the competition. In the replacement market and other owner-controlled purchases, we have been successful at taking market share due to the total value proposition and lower cost of ownership our products provide to building owners over the life span of the equipment. In the new construction market where the contractor is the purchasing decision maker, we were often at a competitive disadvantage because of the emphasis placed on initial cost. However, due to operational efficiency improvements we made over the last several years, the cost of our semi-custom equipment is more comparable to the standard equipment market. As a result, the value proposition of our higher-quality equipment is now more attractive, making us more competitive in both the new construction and replacement markets.
Resources
Sources and Availability of Raw Materials
The most important materials we purchase are steel, copper, and aluminum. We also purchase from other manufacturers certain components, including coils, compressors, electric motors, and electrical controls used in our products. We attempt to obtain the lowest possible cost in our purchases of raw materials and components, consistent with meeting specified quality standards. We are not dependent upon any one source for raw materials or the major components of our manufactured products. By having multiple suppliers, we believe that we will have adequate sources of supplies to meet our manufacturing requirements for the foreseeable future.
We attempt to limit the impact of price fluctuations on these materials by entering into cancellable and non-cancellable contracts with our major suppliers for periods of six to 18 months. We expect to receive delivery of raw materials from our contracts for use in our manufacturing operations.
Working Capital Practices 
Working capital practices in the industry center on inventories and accounts receivable. Our management regularly reviews our working capital with a view of maintaining the lowest level consistent with requirements of anticipated levels of operation and expected supply chain restraints. Our working capital requirements are generally met by cash flow from operations and a bank revolving credit facility, which currently permits borrowings up to $200.0 million and had a $76.5 million outstanding balance at December 31, 2024. Borrowings available under the revolving credit facility at December 31, 2024, were $123.2 million. We believe that we will have sufficient funds available to meet our working capital needs for the foreseeable future.
Research and Development
Our products are engineered for performance, flexibility, and serviceability. This has become a critical factor in competing in the HVAC equipment industry. We must continually develop new and improved products in order to compete effectively and meet evolving regulatory standards in all of our major product lines.
R&D activities have involved the RQ, RN, and RZ (rooftop units), H3, SA, V3, and M2 (air handling units), CF (condensing units), and the SA and SB (self-contained units), as well as component evaluation and refinement, development of control systems and new product development. 
7
Our NAIC research and development laboratory facility includes many unique capabilities, which, to our knowledge, exist nowhere else in the world. A few features of the NAIC include supply, return, and outside sound testing at actual load conditions, testing of up to a 300 ton air conditioning system, up to a 540 ton chiller system, and 80 million BTU/hr of gas heating test capacity. The NAIC carries accreditation from AMCA for standards AMCA 210 (aerodynamic performance rating) & AMCA 300 (reverberant room sound testing). Environmental application testing capabilities include -20 to 130°F testing conditions, up to eight inches per hour rain testing, up to two inches per hour snow testing, and up to 50 mph wind testing. We believe we have the largest sound-testing chamber in the world for testing heating and air conditioning equipment and are not aware of any similar labs that can conduct this testing while putting the equipment under full environmental load. The unique capabilities of the NAIC will enable us to lead the industry in the development of quiet, energy-efficient commercial and industrial heating and air conditioning equipment.  
The NAIC currently houses twelve testing chambers. These testing chambers allow us to meet and maintain AHRI and DOE certification and solidify the Company’s industry position as a technological leader in the manufacturing of HVAC equipment. Current voluntary industry certification programs and government regulations only go up to 63 tons of air conditioning. The NAIC contains both a 100 ton and a 300 ton chamber, allowing us to uniquely prove to customers our capacity and efficiency on these larger units.    
The NAIC was designed to test products well beyond the standard AHRI rating points and allows us to offer testing services on our equipment throughout our range of product application. This capability is vital for critical facilities where the units must perform properly and allows our customers to verify the performance of our units in advance, rather than after installation. These same capabilities have allowed AAON to develop low ambient air source heat pump products that are unique in being able to address the growing need for these type of units that address electrification initiatives and commitments.
The R&D activities at the BASX Redmond, Oregon facility is focused on developing and validating high-performance solutions paired to customers’ unique specifications. First-of-kind configuration of HVAC components that are both fabricated within the Company's facilities, as well as outsourced suppliers, are modeled, fabricated, and assembled based upon best engineering practices. Their performance is then validated through testing in a comprehensive simulation environment in conjunction with the customer to assure compliance expectations. This unique and synergistic collaboration is distinctive to the BASX solutions development approach and is a primary driver of customer value. Typical performance testing includes: airflow, consumed power, air-leakage rates, control integration, thermal cooling/heating, fluid flow rates, sound, vibration and recovery rates based on simulated failures.
Our Parkville, Missouri location features our new Electronics Prototyping Lab (“Lab”), which includes a fully functional SMD (“Surface Mount Device”) production line. This production line incorporates automated pick-and-place equipment capable of quickly and accurately placing devices as small as 0.1mm by 0.2mm, utilizing the same technology scale found in cell phones. Additionally, the production line is equipped with a profiled reflow oven to ensure reliability in the finished prototypes. The Lab enables us to speed up our time to market and integrate cutting-edge technology into our control designs. Furthermore, it allows our Controls Engineering team to leverage their hardware and software development skills to outpace our competitors in adapting to market changes and disruptions.
We have also increased our investment in Controls by developing cutting-edge communication systems that enable our products to share information with both internal and external customers. We have partnered with industry leaders to create our Internet of Things (“IoT”) solution and are beginning to utilize artificial intelligence tools to enhance efficiencies when developing our control algorithms and sequences of operation. Additionally, we are developing new controls that leverage machine learning to continuously provide our customers with the most innovative solutions in the industry.
R&D expenses incurred were approximately $47.3 million, $43.7 million, and $46.8 million in 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively.
Patents, Trademarks, Licenses, and Concessions
We do not consider any patents, trademarks, licenses, or concessions to be material to our business operations, other than those described below.
We hold several patents that relate to the design and use of our products. We consider these patents important, but no single patent is material to the overall conduct of our business. We proactively obtain patents to further our strategic intellectual property objectives. We own certain trademarks we consider important in the marketing of our products and services, and we protect our marks through national registrations and common law rights. Our patents have legal terms of 20 years with expiration dates ranging from 2024 to 2039. 
8
The Company’s trademarks, certain of which are material to its business, are registered or otherwise legally protected in the U.S.
Seasonality
Historically, sales of our products were moderately seasonal with the peak period being May-October of each year due to timing of construction projects being directly related to warmer weather. However, in recent years, given the increase in demand of our products and increase in our backlog, sales have become more constant throughout the year.
Environmental & Regulatory Matters
Laws concerning the environment that affect or could affect our operations include, among others, the Clean Water Act, the Clean Air Act, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, the Occupational Safety and Health Act, the National Environmental Policy Act, the Toxic Substances Control Act, the AIM Act, regulations promulgated under these Acts and any other federal, state or local laws or regulations governing environmental matters. We believe that we are in compliance with these laws and that future compliance will not materially affect our earnings or competitive position.
Since our founding in 1987, we have maintained a commitment to design, develop, manufacture, and deliver heating and cooling products to perform beyond all expectations and to demonstrate our quality and value to our customers. Our equipment is designed with energy efficiency in mind, without sacrificing premium features and options. In addition to our high standard of product performance, is a commitment to sustainability for our employees, our stockholders, and our customers. We strive to conduct our business in a socially responsible and ethical manner with a focus on environmental stewardship, team member safety and community engagement. We comply with industry regulations and requirements while pursuing responsible economic growth and profitability.
In 2024, we published our sixth annual Sustainability report sharing our approach in the material areas of stakeholder engagement, innovation and efficiency, environmental responsibility, climate change, occupational health and safety, talent attraction and retention, diversity and inclusion, community engagement and investment, corporate governance and ethics and compliance. The report also highlights achievements and long-term targets related to greenhouse gas emissions, paint byproduct material recycling, and non-fossil fuel-consuming products. We participate in a sustainability benchmarking initiative, the Sustainability Alliance Scor3card, through which we monitor and report in the material areas of energy, material management, water, community stewardship, transportation, communication, and health. We achieved Platinum level in this program in 2024 and 2023. Our Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) committee provides oversight for ESG and sustainability activities, sustainability report development and an internal grassroots sustainability committee provides education opportunities, communications and recommendations to the Company on a regular basis.
We are committed to environmental responsibility and continue to make progress toward reducing greenhouse gas (“GHG”) emissions, increasing paint byproduct recycling from our facilities and increasing the percentage of non-fossil fuel-powered units we produce. Our approach toward emissions reduction and climate change includes product solutions for our customers and improvements to our own facilities. Approximately 36% of our energy portfolio is currently derived from renewable sources, and the Company’s Scope 1 and 2 emissions (emissions that occur from sources that are controlled or owned by an organization and emissions associated with the purchase of electricity, steam, heat, or cooling) are being tracked. We opted into additional renewable energy at our Tulsa, Oklahoma, and Redmond, Oregon facilities in 2024, continued to invest and partner on projects that reduce GHG emissions globally and have transitioned to the lower global warming potential R-454B refrigerant. We continue to develop and manufacture non-fossil fuel-consuming units to provide the most sustainable commercial HVAC equipment in the market and announced the zero-degree cold air-source heat pump in 2023 as a critical solution that meets the increasing demand for building decarbonization in cold climates. 
In the area of energy efficiency and conservation, our Tulsa, Oklahoma and Longview, Texas facilities have transitioned to nearly 100% LED lighting in our facilities leading to considerable cost savings and reduced energy consumption. Our Redmond, Oregon facilities are installing LED lights into any new fixtures in their current facility and working towards retrofitting old fixtures to LED. We participate in an energy demand response program through the public utility provider to reduce demand during peak hours. Energy efficiency has been a priority not only in product development, but also in overall capital investments which include the acquisition of new, energy-efficient equipment for the production floor, new high-speed overhead facility doors, the installation of new HVAC equipment, building control systems, the application of heat and light reflective material to production facilities, along with other behavioral-based energy efficiency changes. We are tracking our energy usage intensity before and 
9
after these updates. We also opened the Exploration Center in 2024, a net-zero facility powered by solar and geothermal energy.
In the area of material management, we focus on recycling, reducing, reusing and sourcing more environmentally friendly materials into our processes. At our Tulsa, Oklahoma and Longview, Texas facilities, we recycled over 15,715 tons, 13,678 tons, and 14,928 tons of metal in 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. Also, through our partnership with a waste-to-energy facility, we successfully diverted over 3,020 tons, 694 tons, and 668 tons of waste from landfills in 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. We have identified paint product recycling partners at both our Tulsa, Oklahoma and Longview, Texas facilities. We also recycle paper, wood, and cardboard where available. We continue to innovate ways to reduce and reuse shipping packaging between facilities and identify new opportunities to reduce or reuse items in our production and administrative areas.
Human Capital Resources
Our employees are not represented by unions or other collective bargaining agreements. Management considers its relations with our employees to be good. The following table represents the number of our direct employees and contract personnel we employed on each respective date:
As of
As of
As of
February 24, 2025
February 20, 2024
February 22, 2023
AAON Oklahoma
2,747
2,663
2,474
AAON Coil Products
1,043 
586 
681
BASX
1,022 
607 
511 
   Total employees
4,812 
3,856 
3,666 
Our key human capital measures include employee safety, turnover, absenteeism, and production. We frequently benchmark our compensation practices and benefits programs against those of comparable industries and in the geographic areas where our facilities are located. We believe that our compensation and employee benefits are competitive and allow us to attract and retain skilled and unskilled labor throughout our organization. Some of our notable health, welfare, and retirement benefits include:
•
Employee medical plan (with 175% employer health saving plan match)
•
401(k) Plan (with 175% employer match)
•
Profit sharing bonus plan
•
Tuition assistance program
•
Paid time off
•
Paid parental leave
•
Military pay
•
Short-term and long-term disability
•
Identity theft protection
•
Group life insurance
Available Information
Our Internet website address is http://www.aaon.com. Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, will be available free of charge through our Internet website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. The information on our website is not a part of, or incorporated by reference into, this annual report on Form 10-K.
Copies of any materials we file with the SEC can also be obtained free of charge through the SEC’s website at http://www.sec.gov, at the SEC’s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549, or by calling the SEC at 1-800-732-0330.
10