ITEM 1. BUSINESS
Description of the Business
Franklin Electric Co., Inc. (“Franklin Electric” or the “Company”) is an Indiana corporation founded in 1944 and incorporated in 1946. Named after America’s pioneer electrical engineer, Benjamin Franklin, Franklin Electric manufactured the first water-lubricated submersible motor for water systems and the first submersible motor for fueling systems. With 2024 revenue of approximately $2.0 billion, the Company designs, manufactures and distributes water and fuel pumping systems, composed primarily of submersible motors, pumps, electronic controls, water treatment systems, and related parts and equipment.
The Company’s water pumping systems move fresh and wastewater for the residential, agricultural and other industrial end markets. The Company also sells various groundwater equipment products to well installation contractors, including water pumping systems, through its and third-party distribution branches located in the U.S. With a growing global footprint, the Company has also evolved into a top supplier of submersible fueling systems at gas stations, making pumps, pipes, electronic controls and monitoring devices.
The Company’s products are sold worldwide by its employee sales force and independent manufacturing representatives. The Company offers normal and customary trade terms to its customers, no significant part of which is of an extended nature. Special inventory requirements are not necessary, and customer merchandise return rights do not extend beyond normal warranty provisions.
Franklin Electric’s Key Factors for Success
While maintaining a culture of safety and lean principles, Franklin Electric strives to deliver quality, availability, service, innovation, and cost in every encounter the Company has with stakeholders, including direct or indirect customers, employees, shareholders, and suppliers. These key factors for success are a roadmap for the Company's growth as a global provider of water and energy systems, through geographic expansion and product line extensions, leveraging its global platform and competency in system design, all while consistently offering the best value to its customer.
Markets and Applications
The Company’s business consists of three reportable segments based on the principal end market served: Water Systems, Energy Systems, and Distribution. The Company changed the name of the Fueling Systems segment to Energy Systems to reflect its diverse portfolio and growth strategy, as well as to better reflect the markets and customers served by the segment. The Company does not allocate corporate expenses or intersegment eliminations to a reportable segment. Segment and geographic information appears in Note 15 - Segment and Geographic Information to the consolidated financial statements.
The market for the Company’s products is highly competitive and includes diversified accounts by size and type. The Company’s Water Systems and Energy Systems products and related equipment are sold to specialty distributors and some original equipment manufacturers (“OEMs”), as well as industrial and petroleum equipment distributors and major oil and utility companies. The Company’s Distribution segment sells products primarily to water well contractors. 
Water Systems Segment
Water Systems is a global leader in the production and marketing of water pumping systems and is a technical leader in submersible motors, pumps, drives, electronic controls, water treatment systems, and monitoring devices. The Water Systems segment designs, manufactures and sells motors, pumps, drives, electronic controls, monitoring devices, and related parts and equipment primarily for use in groundwater, water transfer and wastewater. 
Water Systems motors, pumps and controls are used principally for pumping clean water and wastewater in a variety of residential, agricultural, municipal and industrial applications. Water Systems also manufactures electronic drives and controls for the motors which control functionality and provide protection from various hazards, such as electrical surges, over-heating and dry wells or dry tanks. In the three years ended December 31, 2024, the Company only completed one significant acquisition in the segment when it acquired substantially all of the assets of Action Manufacturing & Supply, Inc. in 2023 expanding its portfolio in water treatment systems.  In February 2025, the Company acquired PumpEng Pty Ltd. ("PumpEng"), a manufacturer of submersible pumps for the mining sector headquartered in Australia. Also in February 2025, the Company signed a definitive agreement to acquire Barnes de Colombia S.A. ("Barnes"), a leading manufacturer and distributor of industrial and commercial pumps based in Colombia.
Water Systems products are sold in highly competitive markets. Water Systems contributed about 60 percent of the Company’s total revenue in 2024. Significant portions of segment revenue come from selling groundwater and surface pumps, motors, and 
4
controls for residential and commercial buildings, as well as agricultural sales which are more seasonal and subject to commodity price changes. The Water Systems segment generates approximately 25 to 30 percent of its revenue in developing markets, which often lack municipal water systems. As those countries install water systems and further develop with an expanding middle class or improving quality of living, the Company views those markets as an opportunity. The Company has had 6 to 9 percent compounded annual sales growth in developing regions in recent years. Water Systems competes in each of its targeted markets based on product design, quality, performance, availability and price. The Company’s principal competitors in the specialty water products industry are Grundfos Management A/S, Pentair, Inc. and Xylem, Inc.
2024 Water Systems research and development expenditures were primarily related to the following activities:
•
Development of new integrated pressure boosting systems for residential and commercial applications
•
Electronic variable frequency drives and controls for Pump and HVAC applications, including enhancements to include tethering and IOT capability for our drives and making our key platforms easier to utilize by our customers 
•
Development of expanded offering of standard electric skid pump package designs including the "SmartPrime" variable frequency drive skid packages and updated stackable units for rental and municipal dewatering markets
•
Development of new HVAC condensate product offerings including new externally mounted mini-condensate pump
•
Greywater pumping equipment, including the expansion of our electrical submersible pump lines with addition of range, materials, and control packages for the global market
•
Submersible pumps for commercial, municipal, and agricultural applications including the development of global standardization of updated cast iron submersible turbine hydraulics, and upgrading the performance of line shaft turbine product offering
•
Water treatment products focused on component performance improvements
Energy Systems Segment
Energy Systems is a global leader in the production and marketing of fuel pumping systems, fuel containment systems and monitoring and control systems. The Energy Systems segment designs, manufactures and sells pumps, motors, pipe, sumps, fittings, vapor recovery components, electronic controls, monitoring devices and related parts and equipment primarily for use in energy system applications.
Energy Systems offers a complete array of components between the tank and the dispenser, including submersible pumps, motors, station hardware, piping, sumps, vapor recovery, corrosion control systems and electronic controls and monitoring. The Energy Systems segment growth has been sustained by a commitment to protecting human health and the environment while delivering the lowest total cost of ownership. Energy Systems takes steps to ensure its products are installed and maintained properly through robust global certification tools for their third-party contractors. The segment serves other energy markets such as power reliability systems and includes intelligent electronic devices that are designed for online monitoring for the power utility, hydroelectric, rail, and telecommunication and data center infrastructure.
Energy Systems products are sold in highly competitive markets. The Company believes there is growth opportunity in developing markets. Energy Systems competes in each of its targeted markets based on product design, quality, performance, availability and price. The Company’s principal competitors in the petroleum equipment industry are Vontier Corporation and Dover Corporation.
2024 Energy Systems research and development expenditures were primarily related to the following activities:
•
Developed new overfill protection valve for the Indian market with a more robust valve design
•
Developed Distribution Transformer Monitoring antenna, which allows for improved wireless monitoring transmission
•
Developed new fiberglass tank sump and cover to withstand increased weight and side compression
•
Developed Remote Integration Panel to allow remote control and power cycling of breakers at fueling stations
•
Developed Trip Signature Monitor for continuous monitoring of substation circuit breakers 
•
Developed EV-Controls NexPhase 800 & 2000A, an upgraded electric vehicle charger switchgear
Distribution Segment
The Distribution segment is operated as a collection of wholly owned leading groundwater distributors known as the Headwater Companies. Headwater Companies deliver quality products and leading brands to the industry, providing contractors with the products and services they demand to meet their application challenges. The Distribution segment operates within the U.S. professional groundwater market. In 2023, the Distribution segment acquired substantially all of the assets of LCA Pump, LLC, which operated Water Works Pump, a professional groundwater distributor operating in the Midwest.
5
Information Regarding All Reportable Segments
Research and Development
The Company incurred research and development expenses as follows:
(In millions)
2024
2023
2022
Research and development expenses
$
21.5 
$
17.7 
$
16.7 
Expenses incurred were for activities related to the development of new products, improvement of existing products and manufacturing methods and other applied research and development.
The Company owns a number of patents, trademarks, and licenses. In the aggregate, these patents are of material importance to the operation of the business; however, the Company believes that its operations are not dependent on any single patent or group of patents.
Raw Materials
The principal raw materials used in the manufacture of the Company’s products are coil and bar steel, stainless steel, copper wire and aluminum ingot. Major components are electric motors, electrical components, motor protectors, forgings, gray iron castings, plastic resins and bearings. Most of these raw materials are available from multiple sources in the U.S. and world markets. Generally, the Company believes that adequate alternative sources are available for the majority of its key raw material and purchased component needs; however, the Company is dependent on a single or limited number of suppliers for certain materials or components. The Company believes that availability of fuel and energy is adequate to satisfy current and projected overall operations unless interrupted by government direction, allocation or other disruption.
Major Customers
No single customer accounted for over 10 percent of net sales in 2024, 2023, or 2022. No single customer accounted for over 10 percent of gross accounts receivable in 2024 and 2023. 
Backlog
The dollar amount of backlog by segment was as follows:
(In millions)
February 5, 2025
February 7, 2024
Water Systems
$
98.4 
$
120.2 
Energy Systems
21.5 
16.9 
Distribution
20.8 
23.5 
Consolidated
$
140.7 
$
160.6 
The backlog is composed of written orders for products for which prices are typically established at the time the order is placed, primarily standard catalog items. All backlog orders are expected to be filled in 2025. The Company’s sales in the first quarter are generally less than its sales in other quarters due to less water well drilling and overall product sales during the winter months in the Northern hemisphere. Beyond that, there is no seasonal pattern to the backlog and the backlog has not proven to be a significant indicator of future sales.
Environmental Matters
The Company believes that it is in compliance with all applicable federal, state and local laws concerning the discharge of material into the environment, or otherwise relating to the protection of the environment. The Company has not experienced any material costs in connection with environmental compliance, and does not believe that such compliance will have any material effect upon the financial position, results of operations, cash flows or competitive position of the Company. 
Human Capital Resources
As of December 31, 2024, the Company had approximately 6,300 employees. The Company is committed to providing safe work environments for its employees, prioritizing wellness, health and safety best practices and requiring ethical compliance with established policies. Further information regarding its human capital details and initiatives can be found in the 
2024 Franklin Electric Sustainability Report
 available for download on the Company's website.
Available Information
The Company is a U.S. public reporting company under the Exchange Act and files reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC, which can be accessed from the SEC's home page on the Internet at 
www.sec.gov
. The Company’s website address is 
www.franklin-electric.com
. The Company makes available free of charge on or through its website its annual 
6
report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additionally, the Company’s website includes the Company’s corporate governance guidelines, its Board committee charters, Lead Independent Director charter, and the Company’s code of business conduct and ethics. Information contained on the Company’s website is not part of this annual report on Form 10-K.