Item 1.
Business
Company Overview
Commvault Systems, Inc. aims to provide its customers cyber resiliency by protecting and recovering their data and cloud-native applications in a world of increasing cyber threats and attacks, including ransomware. We provide products and services across many types of environments, including on-premises, hybrid and multi-cloud. Our offerings are delivered via self-managed software, software-as-a-service ("SaaS"), integrated appliances, or managed by partners.
With Commvault Cloud, customers have access to business-critical capabilities such as layered defenses to detect and minimize the impact of bad actors; automation to verify clean recovery points; and cloud-native capabilities to dedupe, scale, and as necessary, recover data and cloud applications to remain in a state of continuous business. Our comprehensive solutions address the critical aspects of modern cyber resiliency, from data protection to data recovery, data governance and compliance in a flexible and scalable platform. Commvault was incorporated in Delaware in 1996.
Products
Commvault helps customers protect their data and be cyber resilient in hybrid, multi-cloud, and cloud-native environments. Commvault delivers a portfolio of products and services to effectively protect, quickly capture intelligence, and rapidly recover from cyber incidents. Our solutions create an intuitive cyber resilience experience across customer-managed enterprise software and SaaS-delivered cloud-native solutions that mitigate data sprawl, facilitate cloud adoption, and help customers modernize and transform their enterprise IT environment.
We do this by offering unified visibility and management across the entire hybrid enterprise so our customers can protect and recover data from any location to any location. Our Commvault Cloud offerings are organized in the following packages – Operational Recovery, Autonomous Recovery and Cyber Recovery.  
Operational Recovery
 includes Commvault’s leading backup and recovery capabilities which can be utilized across hybrid enterprise workloads. This solution can be delivered as customer-managed software, as SaaS, or a mix of the two to meet the requirements of hybrid enterprises worldwide. It is designed to meet the needs of any size business protecting workloads across all locations, including hybrid and multi-cloud environments; physical servers; virtual machines (“VMs”); applications and databases; endpoint devices; and cloud applications. Operational Recovery provides backup, verifiable recovery, and cost-optimized cloud workload mobility, helping to ensure data availability and granular recovery, even across multiple clouds.  
Autonomous Recovery 
aims to reduce recovery time, downtime, and costs by bringing automation and validation to Operational Recovery. Designed for automated disaster and cyber recovery use cases, Autonomous Recovery can deliver backup, replication, and disaster recovery for all workloads, on-premises, in the cloud, across multiple clouds, and in hybrid environments. It provides trusted recovery of data and applications, VMs, and containers, along with verifiable recoverability of replicas, cost-optimized cloud data mobility and resilience. Organizations can automatically failover applications to a secondary site in the event of a data incident and continue running without interruption.   
Cyber Recovery
 offers the most comprehensive set of Commvault Cloud capabilities. Building on Operational and Autonomous Recovery Solutions, Cyber Recovery adds data backup and data validation capabilities which help organizations scan for risks, remediate issues, identify compromises in the backup data, and recover clean data at scale. This includes threat scanning to hunt for threats within backup data and cyber deception and threat detection to provide early warning of attacks. This enables organizations to minimize the impact of attacks and aims towards a fast recovery after a cyber incident.
In addition, Commvault provides customers with a variety of unique offerings, including Cleanroom Recovery, HyperScale X, Air Gap Protect, Compliance, Cloud Rewind, and Clumio Backtrack.
Commvault Cloud’s Cleanroom Recovery 
is a cyber resilience offering. Traditional isolated on-premises cleanrooms can be expensive to build and maintain, and incident response plans often go untested, increasing an organization’s risk and recovery time objectives. Our Cleanroom Recovery solution empowers organizations to be ready to recover by providing a clean, isolated, and on-demand recovery location in the cloud, as well as the ability to regularly and proactively test their incident response plans and recover quickly.
4
Commvault HyperScale X
 is an intuitive, easy-to-deploy and scale-out, integrated data protection solution to support enterprises' transformations from legacy scale-up infrastructures to the hybrid cloud, container and virtualized environments. Its flexible architecture allows customers to get up and running quickly and scale while delivering comprehensive data protection for a vast array of workloads, including containers, VMs and databases, from a single, extensible platform. With HyperScale X, customers can leverage the Commvault portfolio, giving them access to the features, functions, and industry-leading integration with applications, databases, public cloud environments, hypervisors, operating systems, NAS systems, and primary storage arrays, wherever the data resides. It is available as a fully integrated appliance or as a reference architecture depending on an organization’s requirements.
Commvault Cloud Air Gap Protect
 is the “easy button” to adopt secure and scalable cloud storage in minutes, supporting an organization's hybrid cloud strategy without the need for additional cloud expertise. It is an integrated, air-gapped cloud storage target that enables IT organizations to efficiently adopt cloud storage for Operational Recovery, HyperScale X or SaaS to ease digital transformation, reduce risks and scale. This minimizes IT complexities and allows customers to easily store, isolate, and protect data while providing the foundation for predictable costs and reduced overhead.
Commvault's Compliance 
capabilities, which can be procured as an add-on product, facilitates efficient compliance and protects relevant legal data from alteration. It provides built-in reporting, auditing, and logging so data is not modified or deleted for legal and compliance purposes. It is designed to reduce the time and costs spent between IT and legal departments to expedite discovery and review.
Commvault Cloud Rewind 
integrates automated cloud-native application recovery and rebuild capabilities to help customers quickly restore an organization’s entire cloud application and data environment. By combining data recovery with cloud-native application and infrastructure rebuild automation, Cloud Rewind can help customers get back to business within minutes after a cloud services outage or ransomware attack.
Commvault’s Clumio Backtrack 
uses automation to rapidly revert objects and datasets stored in Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) to a specific point and time. Being able to revert to a specific point and time can be very useful across a variety of recovery use cases, including bringing back data before it was accidentally deleted; before an application started sending incorrect or corrupt data; or before a cybercriminal encrypted the objects and demanded a ransom.
Professional & Customer Support Services
Commvault offers a wide range of professional and customer support services to complement its product portfolio. We offer multiple levels of service that can be tailored to our customers’ needs. 
Our services consist of:
•
Global Real-Time Support.   
We offer global customer support from physical locations around the world, which allows us to provide 24/7 support. Our customers have access to support staff available by phone for first responses and to manage resolutions, and to an online support database for help with troubleshooting and operational questions. Additionally, we leverage Arlie, our artificial intelligence ("AI")-powered assistant within the Commvault Cloud platform, to enhance support with real-time, actionable insights. This advanced AI capability is designed for faster resolutions and an even more responsive support experience. Our cloud-based support system creates a virtual global support center to address customer needs. We have designed our support infrastructure to scale with the increasing globalization of our customers. We have also developed and maintain a knowledge library of storage systems and software products to further enable our support organization to quickly and effectively resolve customer problems.
•
Broad Expertise.   
Our support engineers have extensive knowledge of complex applications, servers and networks. We proactively take ownership of the customer’s problem and provide bug fixes and updates as part of our commitment to enhancing performance and functionality.
•
Customer Success Options.   
We offer various Customer Success options for our software and SaaS customers, including Enterprise Success Program ("ESP") offerings. Our Customer Success offerings provide resources focused on proactively helping our customers achieve their goals and are aligned to their business initiatives. Our ESP offerings provide additional industry technical experts who provide strategic guidance and advice so our enterprise customers achieve their cyber resiliency objectives. 
5
The entire Customer Success program is centered around driving customer adoption, customer satisfaction and quick time to value.
•
Technology Consulting Services.
    Our technical consultants guide customers so their data protection environments are designed for optimal results, configured quickly, and easy to maintain. We offer architecture design; implementation; automation and orchestration; data migration; and health assessment services. In addition, we offer customers staff-augmentation options via resident support engineers to assist with rapid expert deployment and operation of the Commvault portfolio.
•
Recovery Services. 
   Commvault Readiness Solutions provide the resources and expertise to quickly accelerate returning to normal business operations through the proper design, implementation, administration, and support of our customers' data protection and cyber resilience environment.
•
Education Services.    
We offer training content for learners at all levels, with basic, intermediate, and expert certifications available. We also provide a selection of self-paced online content for our products in our On-Demand Learning Library.  
•
Cyber Resilience Managed Services.    
We provide results-oriented data protection and cyber resilience services to customers worldwide. Commvault experts provide secure, reliable, and cost-effective remote monitoring and management of our customers' data protection environment.
Customers
Our current customer base spans thousands of organizations across a variety of sizes, including large global enterprise companies, and small or mid-sized businesses and government agencies. We support customers in a range of industries, including banking, insurance and financial services, government, healthcare, pharmaceuticals and medical services, technology, legal, manufacturing, utilities and energy. 
Strategic Relationships
An important element of Commvault’s strategy is to establish partnerships that support development, marketing, selling and implementation of our solutions. We believe that strategic and technology-based relationships with industry leaders are fundamental to our success. We have forged numerous relationships with software, hardware, cloud and cybersecurity partners to enhance our combined capabilities, help our customers advance business-critical security, resilience, and cloud initiatives, and create the optimal combination of data and information management applications. We believe this approach enhances our ability to expand our product offerings and customer base and to enter new markets. We have established the following types of strategic relationships:
Alliance and Technology Partners
.  We maintain strategic sales, marketing and technology relationships with industry leaders so that our products are integrated with, supported by and add value to our partners’ portfolios. Collaboration with these market leaders allows us to provide solutions that enable our customers to improve data and information management efficiency. We also maintain relationships with a broad range of industry operating system, application and infrastructure vendors to verify and demonstrate the interoperability of our portfolio with their equipment and technologies. We believe these partnerships enhance our position in the market and serve as an accelerator to sales.
Distributor, Value-Added Reseller, Systems Integrator, Corporate Reseller and Original Equipment Manufacturer Relationships.
 These partners either bundle our solutions together with their own products or resell our solutions independently. 
To broaden our market coverage, we work closely with our global original equipment manufacturer ("OEM") partners, investing significant time and resources to deliver joint solutions incorporating Commvault solutions. These partners team with our technical, engineering, marketing and sales force to enhance integration, tuning, operational management, implementation and vision for solutions that are designed to meet current and future data protection and cyber resilience needs. Our alliance managers work directly with global OEM partners to design, deliver and support field activities that make it easier for customers to locate, learn about, and purchase these differentiated solutions.
6
Additionally, we have a non-exclusive distribution agreement with Arrow Enterprise Computing Solutions, Inc. ("Arrow"), a subsidiary of Arrow Electronics, Inc.  Arrow's primary role is to enable a more efficient and effective distribution channel for our products and services by managing our reseller partners and leveraging their own industry experience. Sales generated through our distribution agreement with Arrow accounted for approximately 35% of our total revenues in fiscal 2025 and 36% in fiscal 2024.
Service Provider Partners.  
Our solutions are the cyber resilience platform for many service providers, which provide cloud-based solutions to customers worldwide.

As companies of all sizes and markets rapidly adopt cloud infrastructures for cost efficiencies, speed and agility, we remain committed to these strategic relationships to address this growing trend. Customers looking to move IT operations to the cloud depend on service providers to migrate, manage and protect their data and cloud infrastructures. We partner with a broad ecosystem of managed service providers and cloud partners to effectively deliver data protection-as-a-service solutions based on Commvault solutions across geographies, vertical markets and offerings.
Cloud Hyperscalers
.  We sell our solutions via marketplace offerings which enable customers to purchase our solutions through online platforms, such as AWS, Google, Microsoft, or Oracle. The marketplace allows us to publish an offer which an end user can then purchase directly, or with the assistance of a partner.
Cybersecurity and AI Partnerships. 
 Commvault has continued to expand integrations with leading cybersecurity and AI partners. These integrations can play a key role in helping joint customers advance cyber resilience – from identifying potential threats or anomalies, to understanding where sensitive data exists, to accelerating clean recoveries. These bi-directional integrations also empower customers to use their preferred security, data protection, and cyber recovery solutions. Security operations teams can leverage these integrations to help better understand risks and threats, defend against them, and recover with confidence.
Competition
The data protection and cyber resilience market is intensely competitive and highly fragmented. The principal competitive factors in our industry include product functionality, performance, integration, platform coverage, scalability, price, global sales infrastructure, technical support, branding and reputation. The ability of major system vendors to bundle solutions is also a significant competitive factor in our industry.
Our primary competitors in the data protection software applications market, each of which has one or more products that compete with a part of or our entire product suite, include Cohesity, Druva, Rubrik, and Veeam.
Some of our competitors have greater financial resources and may have the ability to offer their products at lower prices than ours. In addition, some have greater name recognition, longer operating histories, substantially larger technical, sales, marketing and other global resources, and larger installed customer base with broader product offerings. As a result, these competitors can devote greater resources to the development, promotion, sale and support of their products than we can. Refer to our "Risk Factors" below.
Sales and Marketing
We sell our cyber resilience solutions to businesses and government agencies of all sizes. We sell through our global direct sales force and partner channels. 
We have a variety of marketing programs designed to create brand awareness and market recognition for our product offerings and sales lead generation. Our marketing efforts include sales campaigns, webinars, active participation at trade shows, virtualized cyberattack simulation training sessions, technical conferences and seminars; advertising; content development and distribution; public relations; social media; industry analyst relations; publication of technical and educational articles in industry journals; sales training; and preparation of competitive analyses. In addition, our strategic partners augment our marketing and sales campaigns through seminars, trade shows, joint public relations and advertising campaigns. Our customers and strategic partners provide references and recommendations that we often feature in external marketing activities.
7
Research and Development
Our research and development organization is responsible for the design, development, testing and certification of our cyber resilience platform and solutions. Our engineering efforts support product development across all major operating systems, databases, applications, hyperscalers and network storage devices. A substantial amount of our development effort goes into certification, integration and support of our solutions to ensure interoperability with our strategic partners’ solutions. We have also made substantial investments in the automation of our product test and quality assurance laboratories.
Technology, Intellectual Property and Proprietary Rights
We believe our solutions are a major differentiator versus our competitors’ portfolios. Our Commvault Cloud platform aims to deliver best-in-class cyber resilience with the fastest recovery across on-premises, hybrid and multi-cloud environments. Our solutions’ unique features drive the performance, scale, TCO benefits and interoperability of our offerings. Such features include encryption, indexing and immutable recovery. Additional options enable content search and auditing features to support data discovery and compliance. Our success and ability to compete depend on our continued development and protection of our solutions. We rely primarily on a combination of trade secrets, patents, and copyrights, as well as contractual provisions, to establish and protect our intellectual property rights. 
We patent our technical infrastructure and key usability and design concepts. Our product’s unique capabilities are covered by a robust portfolio of patents worldwide. Areas such as cyber resilience, data protection, transformation, insights, and compliance and governance, including our SaaS and HyperScale X solutions, are core to our competitive advantage. More than 1,500 patents have been issued to Commvault globally as a result of our strategic patenting. We also have established proprietary trademark rights in markets across the globe, and Commvault owns over 200 worldwide trademark registrations and pending registration applications. Refer to our “Risk Factors” below.
Government Regulations
The global legal environment of technology businesses is evolving rapidly and is often unclear. These topics include data privacy and security, pricing, advertising, taxation, economic sanctions, content regulation and intellectual property ownership and infringement. 
We are subject to several local, state, federal and foreign laws and regulations regarding data privacy and security. Regulators around the world have adopted or proposed limitations on, or requirements regarding, the collection, distribution, use, security and storage of personal information, payment card information or other confidential information of individuals, and the U.S. Federal Trade Commission and many state attorneys general are applying federal and state consumer protection laws to impose standards on the online collection, use and dissemination of data. In the event of a security breach, these laws may subject us to incident response, notice and remediation costs. Failure to safeguard data adequately or to destroy data securely could subject us to regulatory investigations or enforcement actions under applicable data privacy and security, unfair practices or consumer protection laws. The scope and interpretation of these laws could change, and the associated burdens and our compliance costs could increase in the future. 
We are also subject to global laws and regulations that govern or restrict our business and activities in certain countries and with certain persons, including the U.S. Commerce Department’s Export Administration Regulations and economic and trade sanctions regulations maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control, as well as anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws and regulations, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act.  Refer to our “Risk Factors” below.
People
Commvault aims to unlock potential in data, customers and our people. To accomplish that, our people are empowered to drive innovation and help our customers—by inspiring one another and working to make what’s already great, even greater—whether that is product, process or team. As of March 31, 2025, we had approximately 3,300 employees worldwide, of which 37% were in the United States and 63% were located internationally.
We remain committed to providing people with opportunities and resources that enable them to work successfully and creatively, while also investing in their professional and personal development. Throughout fiscal 2025, our employees, partners and customers participated in over 1,400 training programs, totaling more than 260,000 hours. 
8
Community and Belonging
At Commvault, we believe that a culture of community and belonging and a workforce encompassing a broad range of talents and perspectives is a business requirement that helps us compete in the marketplace. The broad range of perspectives in our workforce not only drives our ability to hire the best, most qualified talent and to be a best-in-class cyber resilience organization, but also uphold our value in the marketplace by leading as an employer of choice.
We continue to be committed to securing the best talent with a concerted effort to expound on and build a broad pipeline of candidates. We are committed to providing an environment that fosters career growth, investing in the development, creativity and aspirational needs of all employees.
Employee Health, Safety and Wellness
Commvault values its people and their contribution to our company. In return for their contribution, we are committed to providing a corporate culture that is focused on the health, safety and well-being of our employees. We take a holistic approach to health and wellness to support the dynamic aspects of our employees’ lives, including their physical, social, emotional, family and financial well-being. We operate in accordance with applicable safety laws and procedures to ensure we provide a safe work environment for all.
Information about our Executive Officers
The following table presents information with respect to our executive officers as of May 2, 2025:

Name
Age
Position
Sanjay Mirchandani
60
President and Chief Executive Officer
Jennifer DiRico
40
Chief Financial Officer
Gary Merrill
50
Chief Commercial Officer
Sanjay Mirchandani
 has served as our President and Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") since February 2019. Prior to joining Commvault, Mr. Mirchandani served from September 2016 to January 2019 as the Chief Executive Officer of Puppet, Inc. (“Puppet”), an Oregon-based IT automation company.  Mr. Mirchandani joined Puppet in May 2016 as President and Chief Operating Officer. Mr. Mirchandani brings a wealth of international business experience through his diverse well-rounded career in technology.  Before joining Puppet, from October 2013 to April 2016, Mr. Mirchandani served as Corporate Senior Vice President and General Manager of Asia Pacific and Japan at VMware, Inc. and, from June 2006 to October 2013, Mr. Mirchandani held various senior leadership positions at EMC Corporation, including Chief Information Officer and leader of the Global Centers of Excellence.  Prior to that, Mr. Mirchandani held various positions at Microsoft Corporation and Arthur Andersen LLP. Mr. Mirchandani has a Master of Business Administration degree from the University of Pittsburgh and a bachelor’s degree in mathematics from Drew University.
Jennifer DiRico
 has served as our Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”) since August 2024. Prior to joining Commvault, Ms. DiRico served as Senior Vice President & General Manager, International at Toast, Inc. (“Toast”). Ms. DiRico, who was integral to Toast’s initial public offering in 2021, served in a series of leadership positions within Toast since May 2016, including Senior Vice President & Head of Finance, and Chief of Staff. Prior to that, Ms. DiRico served in finance leadership positions with Nuance Communications from 2014 to 2016. She obtained her Masters of Business Administration from Simmons College and Bachelor of Business Administration from the University of Miami.  
Gary Merrill
 has served as our Chief Commercial Officer ("CCO") since August 2024. Prior to his current role, Mr. Merrill served as our CFO from June 2022 to July 2024 and as our Chief of Business Operations from April 2021 until June 2022. He also held the position of Vice President of Operations from April 2019 through March 2021 and from December 2012 to March 2019, served as Chief Accounting Officer. Prior to joining Commvault, Mr. Merrill held accounting management positions with several publicly traded companies. Mr. Merrill began his career with Arthur Anderson LLP in its audit practice. Mr. Merrill obtained his bachelor’s degree in accounting from Elizabethtown College.
9
Available Information 
Our website is located at: www.commvault.com. On the Investor Relations section of the website, we post filings as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with or furnished to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"), including: our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, our current reports on Form 8-K, our definitive proxy statements and any amendments to those reports or statements filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. All such filings are available on the Investor Relations portion of our website free of charge. The contents of our website are not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report, statement or document we file with the SEC.
10