Item 2. Properties
As of June 30, 2025, our principal properties included our corporate headquarters offices, warehouses and distribution facilities, production studio facilities, and retail locations.
We are headquartered in New York City, where we occupy facilities totaling approximately 336,000 square feet under a lease that expires in 2035. We also lease our international corporate headquarters, which is located in London, United Kingdom. 
We
 primarily use these facilities for technology, product design, research and development, sales and marketing, supply chain and logistics, finance, legal, human resources, and information technology. We also have our Member Support team located in Plano, Texas. 
We lease retail properties in the United States, Canada, and Germany.
 However, we have continued to reduce our retail showroom presence as part of the Restructuring Plans.
Our office space and retail locations are used to support both of our reportable segments (Connected Fitness Products and Subscription). We lease warehouse and distribution facilities primarily in North America, which are used to support our Connected Fitness segment. In addition, we lease our production studio facilities, which are located in New York City and London, and are used to support our Subscription segment.
 We also have certain head-lease obligations for corporate offices, warehouses and distribution facilities, and retail locations, that we are currently subleasing to third-parties, and do not support our day-to-day operations.

We believe that our existing facilities are suitable and adequate for the conduct of our business. 
Refer to 
Note 17, Segment Information
 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further details regarding our segments.
In May 2021, we announced plans to build a U.S. manufacturing facility in Troy Township, Ohio, which we called "Peloton Output Park" and is where we had planned to manufacture Connected Fitness Products in addition to our existing manufacturing facilities. In February 2022, as part of the 2022 Restructuring Plan, we announced the 
closing of several assembly and manufacturing plants, including our plans to sell the facility that was intended to be Peloton Output Park
. 
In January 2024, we completed the sale of the Peloton Output Park building and a portion of the corresponding land and received net proceeds of approximately $31.9 million, and in September 2024, we completed the sale of the remaining Peloton Output Park land parcel and received net proceeds of $4.2 million.