Item 1. Business
Overview
Peloton is a leading global fitness and wellness company that empowers its Members to live fit, strong, long, and happy by providing fitness and wellness products and services they can use anytime, anywhere. We have a highly engaged community of approximately 6 million Members as of 
June 30, 2025, across the United States, United Kingdom, Canada, Germany, Australia, and Austria. As a category innovator at the nexus of fitness and wellness, technology, and media, we deliver experiences through our world-renowned Instructors, premium hardware and innovative software, personalization, and extensive modalities and content formats. Founded in 2012 and headquartered in New York City, Peloton aims to scale across the markets in which it operates.
We define a “Member” as any individual who has a Peloton account through a paid Connected Fitness Subscription or a paid App Subscription, inclusive of the Peloton App+, App One and Strength+ Memberships (our “Peloton Apps”), and engages in one or more workouts in the trailing 12-month period. We define workout engagement as either (i) completing the lesser of 50% or 10 minutes of Instructor-led classes, Scenic, and Lanebreak workouts; (ii) at least 10 minutes of any activity tracking workout (such as “Just Ride,” “Just Run,” or “Just Row”) or Entertainment workout; or (iii) at least 5 minutes of any Strength+ workout with 80% of sets marked complete.
We define a “Paid Connected Fitness Subscription” as a person, household, or commercial property, such as a hotel or residential building, that has paid for a subscription to a Connected Fitness Product (a Connected Fitness Subscription with a successful credit card billing or with prepaid subscription credits or waivers). “Paid App Subscriptions” include all App+, App One, or Strength+ subscriptions for which we currently receive payment.
Our Connected Fitness Products
We provide Members with expert instruction and world-class content to create impactful and entertaining workout and wellness experiences for anyone, anywhere, and at any stage in their fitness journey. At home, outdoors, traveling, or at the gym, we offer an immersive and personalized experience. With a vast library of classes across many fitness disciplines, Members can access Peloton content via our hardware or our Peloton Apps, which can be accessed via phone, tablet, computer, or TV, allowing Members to work out when, where, and how they want.
Our Connected Fitness Products include:
•
Peloton Bike: 
The original Peloton Bike combines fitness, technology, and media to connect riders to live and on-demand workouts led by Peloton Instructors. The Peloton Bike also offers alternative workout experiences like Peloton Entertainment (video streaming), Scenic (guided, time, and distance-based rides filmed in locations around the world), and Lanebreak (our game-inspired workout experience). It has an HD touchscreen.
•
Peloton Bike+:

The Peloton Bike+ includes all Bike features and unlocks an even more dynamic workout experience with a rotating HD touchscreen to improve the off-bike workout experience, as well as automatic resistance control with the Bike+ electronic braking system, and a more refined design. Designed to keep riders motivated and effortlessly moving from cardio to strength, yoga, and more, the Peloton Bike+ unlocks an even more seamless and integrated total workout experience.
•
Peloton Tread:

The Peloton Tread combines a cutting-edge treadmill design with Peloton’s compelling Instructor-led running, walking, hiking, and Tread Bootcamp content, as well as Entertainment, Scenic, and Lanebreak. The Tread includes design elements unique to Peloton, like dial control knobs, jump buttons, and an auto-incline feature as well as an HD touchscreen.
•
Peloton Tread+:

The Peloton Tread+ includes all Tread features and unlocks an elevated comfort experience with slat belt technology. It has an upgraded touchscreen and a powerful sound bar designed for the highest quality home workout experience.
•
Peloton Row:

Peloton Row combines innovative software, premium hardware design, and exclusive Peloton content to deliver a unique low-impact, full-body cardio, and strength workout. Peloton Row employs proprietary form assistance and form guidance technology for rowers and also features personalized pace target technology. It has a rotating HD touchscreen.
•
Peloton Guide:

The Peloton Guide is an AI-powered personal trainer that connects to televisions and offers personalized strength training routines, rep and progress tracking, as well as form feedback. In July 2025, we discontinued the sale of Peloton Guide. The Company will continue to support existing Guide features and Memberships.
Financing options are available for most Peloton products. In select markets, we also provide the opportunity via the Peloton Rental program to rent Peloton Bike+ and access fitness content for one monthly fee.
Our Memberships
Peloton content is accessed via a Membership billed on a monthly or annual basis through a Paid Connected Fitness Subscription or a Paid App Subscription. Membership options include:
5
•
All-Access Membership:

The Peloton All-Access Membership is the most value-packed Peloton Membership. With this membership, the entire household can create individual profiles to access the full library of classes and receive tailored content recommendations across many fitness and wellness disciplines on the Peloton Bike, Bike+, Tread, Tread+, Row, Guide, as well as our Peloton Apps. The All-Access Membership also offers advanced metrics and progress tracking features to help members reach their goals, and the ability to diversify their workout experience through Scenic content, game-inspired experiences including Lanebreak, and the ability to stream favorite TV shows, movies, and sports through Peloton Entertainment (certain streaming services require separate subscriptions). 
•
Rental Membership: 
The Peloton Rental Membership allows Members to rent a Peloton Bike+ with all the Membership benefits of an All-Access subscription for a bundled monthly price.
•
Peloton App Membership:
 Access to the Peloton Apps is available with an All-Access or Guide Membership for Members who have Connected Fitness Products or through a standalone App Membership (App+, App One, or Strength+). Peloton App+ provides unlimited access to Peloton’s entire library of content, excluding Lanebreak and Scenic classes. Peloton App One is designed for Members who want unlimited access to thousands of classes across Strength, Yoga, Outdoor Running, HIIT, Meditation, and more, but equipment-based cardio classes (Bike/Tread/Row) are limited to a few per month, and Members do not have access to classes via a Peloton Bike, Bike+, or Tread, and are not able to track their performance metrics. Peloton Strength+ is an iOS mobile app with a standalone monthly membership. All-Access, App+, and Guide members get access to Strength+ for free. 
•
Peloton Guide Membership:
 In July 2025, we discontinued both the sale of Peloton Guide and the offering of Guide Memberships to new Members. We will continue to support existing Guide Memberships. Guide Memberships are reflected in Paid Connected Fitness Subscriptions.
Our Software
Our content delivery and interactive software platform is critical to our Member experience. We thoughtfully invest in research and development to enhance our platform, develop new products and features, and improve the speed, scalability, and security of our platform infrastructure. Our research and development organization consists of engineering, product, and design teams. We seek to continuously improve our Connected Fitness Products, as well as the Peloton Apps (including the Peloton mobile apps and watch apps), through frequent software updates, iterations of feature enhancements, and innovations. For example, last year we launched Personalized Plans, customized weekly workout plans matched to a Member’s goals, equipment, and preferences. We also launched Strength+, a new iOS mobile app for strength workouts at home or in the gym, including a customizable workout generator and new Strength training programs from Peloton Instructors. We’ve also launched a number of performance-based features, including personalized pace targets on the Peloton Tread and Row, and we continue to invest in the Peloton Apps to create a more social experience. Lastly, we use AI and machine learning (ML) to power proprietary personalization and discovery models across all our software platforms.
Our Instructor-Led Content
We create engaging, original fitness and wellness content in a studio environment that is available on demand. Our Instructor-led content is immersive and motivating, while also creating a sense of community. We are constantly innovating and evolving our content library and offerings, which include Instructor-led audio-visual classes, Scenic content, Entertainment, Just Work Out, and a game-inspired workout option called Lanebreak. Tens of thousands of classes have been produced at our studios in New York City and London, featuring our proprietary Instructors, across many fitness and wellness disciplines. 
Our content breadth and depth is vast. Fitness disciplines include: Cycling, Strength, Yoga, Running, Meditation, Cardio, Stretching, Outdoor, Walking, Tread Bootcamp, Bike Bootcamp, Boxing, Kettlebell, Pilates, Barre, Rowing, and Row Bootcamp. We have Scenic Content shot in beautiful destinations that includes Instructor-guided classes, exclusive partnership content, as well as non-guided time and distance-based options. We also have a game-inspired workout, Lanebreak, which allows Members to experience an animated workout as an alternative to Instructor-led programming. Lastly, we have a number of training programs, as well as collections of classes that are catered to our Members’ interests and fitness goals. These are produced and developed using features that are exclusively available on Peloton.
Peloton Studios New York and Peloton Studios London provide an in-person Peloton fitness experience. Regular studio Member classes and events are held in these spaces combining a high-energy live production environment with fitness classes. We currently produce our content in three languages: English, German, and Spanish. We are also creating a class library featuring AI-powered subtitling and dubbing in multiple languages.
We have become noteworthy as a brand providing the opportunity for our Members to engage in a new way with the fitness experiences and wellness content they love. Our technology allows our Instructors to integrate curated music and class plans into our programming in a way that we believe aligns with our Members’ musical tastes. We feature and celebrate some of the biggest artists and genres in the world through collaboration with music providers.
Sales and Marketing
We sell our products directly to customers through a multi-channel sales platform and via third parties. We also sell Peloton Connected Fitness Products to business-to-business (“B2B”) customers. Our sales associates use customer relationship management tools to deliver an elevated, personalized, and educational purchase experience, regardless of channel of capture and conversion.
6
•
E-Commerce and Inside Sales:
 Our desktop and mobile websites provide an elevated brand experience where visitors can learn about our products and services and access product reviews. Our Inside Sales team engages with customers by online chat on our websites, phone, and email, and offers one-on-one sales consultations.
•
Peloton for Business:
 Peloton For Business is a unified portfolio of B2B fitness and well-being solutions for business clients to integrate Peloton into their customer and/or employee offerings. We serve seven key verticals: Hospitality, Multi-Family Residential, Gyms, Education, Corporate Wellness, Healthcare, and Community Wellness with a range of Connected Fitness, App, and engagement-based solutions. In July 2025, Peloton for Business became part of our new commercial business unit, which is intended to combine the best of Precor with Peloton’s software, human coaching, and community.
•
Retail Showrooms:

Our showrooms allow customers to experience and try our products. We provide interactive product demonstrations, including the opportunity to take a “test class” on our Connected Fitness Products. 
•
Third Party Retailers:

Our products are also available to purchase from a number of third party retailers, at times including Amazon, Dick’s Sporting Goods, John Lewis, Fitshop and MediaMarkt, as well as through seasonal partners, such as Costco.
To market our products, we use a combination of brand and product-specific performance marketing, including seasonal promotions to build brand awareness, generate sales of our Connected Fitness Products, and drive Paid Connected Fitness subscriptions and Paid App subscriptions.
Manufacturing and Logistics
We primarily utilize a combination of third-party manufacturing partners for many of our new products and vertically integrated manufacturing for our refurbished Bike/Bike+. The components used in our products are procured directly by Peloton or on our behalf using our designs by our contract manufacturers, according to our required design specifications and high standards, from a variety of suppliers. In order to account for technology evolution and market fluctuations, we regularly review our relationships with our existing contract manufacturers and the components suppliers that they contract with, while evaluating prospective new partnerships. We use a combination of (i) leased and operated, as well as (ii) contracted third-party logistics providers (“3PLs”) in our logistics and service network, which primarily includes middle mile and last mile operations centers in the United States, the United Kingdom, Canada, Germany, and Australia.
Intellectual Property
The protection of our technology and intellectual property is an important aspect of our business. We rely upon a combination of patents, trademarks, trade secrets, copyrights, confidentiality procedures, contractual commitments, and other legal rights to establish and protect our intellectual property. We generally enter into confidentiality agreements and invention or work product assignment agreements with our employees and consultants to control access to, and clarify ownership of, our proprietary information.
As of June 30, 2025, we held 178 U.S.-issued patents and had 93 U.S. patent applications pending. We also held 477 issued patents in foreign jurisdictions and 91 patent applications pending in foreign jurisdictions. Our U.S. issued patents expire between December 28, 2026 and August 5, 2046. As of June 30, 2025, we held 45 registered trademarks in the United States, including the Peloton mark and our “P” logo and also held 959 registered trademarks in foreign jurisdictions. We continually review our development efforts to assess the existence and patentability of new intellectual property. We intend to continue to file additional patent applications with respect to our technology.
Intellectual property laws, procedures, and restrictions provide only limited protection and any of our intellectual property rights may and have been, in certain instances, challenged, invalidated, circumvented, infringed, or misappropriated. Further, the laws of certain countries do not protect proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States, and, therefore, in certain jurisdictions, we may be unable to protect our proprietary technology.
Competition
We believe that our magic formula of best-in-class equipment, integrated software, human coaching, and the world’s most supportive fitness community allows us to improve our Member outcomes and sets us apart in the market for connected, technology-enabled fitness. We provide a superior value proposition with our Connected Fitness Subscriptions, giving us a competitive advantage versus traditional fitness and wellness products and services, and future potential entrants.
While we believe we are changing the consumption patterns for fitness, our main sources of competition include at-home fitness equipment and content, health and wellness apps, in-studio fitness classes, and fitness clubs.
The areas in which we compete include:
•
Consumers and Engagement:

We compete for consumers to join our platform through Connected Fitness Subscriptions, and we seek to engage and retain them through an integrated experience that combines hardware, software, human coaching, and community.
•
Product and App Offering:

We compete with producers of fitness products, services, and apps and work to ensure that our platform maintains the most innovative technology and user-friendly features.
7
•
Business-to-Business (B2B) Clients:

We compete with commercial fitness equipment manufacturers to offer fitness products and services to B2B clients. 
•
Talent:

We compete for talent in every vertical across our company, including technology, media, fitness, design, supply chain, logistics, content, marketing, finance, strategy, legal, and retail. As our platform is highly dependent on technology, hardware, and software, we require a significant base of engineers to continue innovating.
The principal competitive factors that companies in our industry need to consider include, but are not limited to: total cost, supply chain efficiency across sourcing and procurement, manufacturing and logistics, enhanced products and services, original content, product quality and safety, competitive pricing policies, vision for the market and product innovation, strength of sales and marketing strategies, technological advances, and brand awareness and reputation. We believe we compete favorably across all of these factors, and we have developed a business model that is difficult to replicate.
Government Regulation
We are subject to many varying laws and regulations in the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union, Australia, and throughout the world, including those related to privacy, data protection, content regulation, intellectual property, consumer protection (including with regard to subscription services), e-commerce, marketing, advertising, messaging, rights of publicity, health and safety, environmental, social, and governance factors, employment, labor, and anti-discrimination, product quality and safety, accessibility, competition, customs and international trade (including tariffs and non-tariff trade barriers), and taxation. These laws often require companies to implement specific information security controls to protect certain types of information, such as personal data, “special categories of personal data” or health data. These laws and regulations are constantly evolving and may be interpreted, applied, created, or amended in a manner that could harm our current or future business and operations. In addition, it is possible that certain governments may seek to block or limit our products and services or otherwise impose restrictions that may affect the accessibility or usability of any or all of our products and services for an extended period of time or indefinitely.
Seasonality
Historically, we have experienced higher Connected Fitness Products sales in the second and third quarters of the fiscal year compared to other quarters, due in large part to seasonal holiday demand and promotions, New Year’s resolutions, and colder weather in the Northern Hemisphere. We also have historically incurred higher sales and marketing expenses during these periods.
Human Capital
Our Culture
We foster an environment that attracts extraordinary talent, supports each person in becoming their best self, and unlocks the full potential of our team. This work is grounded in the values that define who we are and how we lead: 
•
Believe 
— We believe in the Power of Peloton to change people’s lives for the better. This passion fuels our commitment to being all in, focused on what matters most, and accountable for doing what we say and delivering results.
•
Bring Your Best 
— We always bring our best. We put members first, delivering products and experiences of which we can be proud. We are action-oriented, taking initiative, and leading with appropriate urgency. Our commitment to excellence drives us to embrace challenges and relentlessly experiment, innovate, and improve.
•
Lift People Up 
— We lift each other up, knowing that together we go far. We’re approachable, both asking for help and giving help to those who need it. We’re collaborative, achieving shared success by fostering trust and open communication. And we’re inclusive, actively seeking diverse perspectives and ensuring every voice is heard.
We bring these values to life through our approach to human capital management, outlined below.
Employees
As of June 30, 2025, we employed 2,145 individuals in the United States across our offices, production studio facilities, warehouse and distribution facilities, retail showrooms, and remote roles, of which 2,094 were full-time employees. Internationally, we employed 511 individuals primarily across corporate, studio and warehouse functions. We may also hire additional seasonal employees, primarily in our showrooms, during the holiday season. We are not signatories to any agreements with any labor organization, or a party to any collective bargaining agreements.
The Peloton Pledge
The Peloton Pledge is our commitment to creating an inclusive community where everyone can thrive. It is also a manifestation of our values: believe, bring your best, and lift people up. Operationalized throughout our business with clearly defined activities, accountability, and outcomes, the Pledge ensures that our impact is aligned with our purpose: empowering everyone – our team, our Members, and broader communities – to live fit, strong, long, and happy.
Peloton will lift up our team by 1) working to ensure equal opportunity and inclusion at all key points in the team member lifecycle, including hiring, reviews, and promotions, 2) maintaining fair and consistent pay outcomes, including by conducting pay equity reviews and addressing gaps when appropriate, 3) providing robust resources, programming, and team member-led groups that anyone can join to support a culture of inclusion, and 4) measuring our progress, identifying opportunities for improvement, and acting to foster a culture of inclusion.
8
Peloton will lift up our Members by creating content, products, and experiences that celebrate the vibrancy and breadth of our community and enlisting our world-class Instructors to serve as community ambassadors and as models of inclusivity.
Peloton will lift up our broader communities experiencing systemic inequities by using our full array of assets, especially Peloton’s products and services, in partnership with leading nonprofit organizations to advance access to fitness and wellness for all, and partnering with and supporting community activations that cultivate long-term behavioral change.
Team Member Safety
We prioritize the health and safety of our team members, our Members, and the impact our operations have on the environment. The core elements of our team member health and safety program include workplace injury reporting, site risk analysis, incident management, documented processes and standards, environmental programs, training, and occupational health programs, and we are continually striving to improve these processes. Concerns about the health and safety of our team members must be reported through our PeloSafe portal. Any concerns about Peloton suppliers or business partners should be reported through our Integrity Helpline available online and by telephone.  The Integrity Helpline is maintained through an external third-party platform and monitored by our Safety, Ethics, and Compliance Team.
Training, Development, and Engagement
We have a dedicated Global Talent Development Team that develops and delivers company-wide learning experiences across all functions. These include, but are not limited to, programs focusing on Peloton’s approach to onboarding new team members, people and business leadership, dedicated coaching, function specific training offerings, and internal hiring and mobility to support personal and professional growth.
We believe our culture is strongest when it’s shaped by the people living it every day. That’s why the voice of the team member is at the heart of our learning and development strategy. Building a thriving talent ecosystem means listening actively, engaging consistently, and creating space for feedback that drives real action. We stay closely connected through multiple channels—our company intranet, Pelonet, regular all-team meetings, team town halls, and company-wide engagement surveys. These touchpoints ensure that every team member’s perspective informs how we grow, learn, and lead, together.
Our Patent Incentive Program provides rewards and recognition to qualifying team members whose inventions are included in a patent application submitted by Peloton. 
Competitive Compensation and Work-Life Harmony
Our compensation program is structured around our overarching philosophy of rewarding demonstrable performance and aligning team members with our goals and strategy. Consistent with this approach, we provide market competitive compensation and benefits that will attract, motivate, reward, and retain a highly talented team and foster work-life harmony. We take a comprehensive view of the tools and programs we use to attract, reward, and retain top talent, including comprehensive health benefits, family and lifestyle services and support, financial, legal and retirement benefits, product discounts, free App access, and studio rides. 
Peloton is committed to fostering work-life harmony by embedding our core values of lifting people up, believing in our mission, and bringing our best into our daily interactions. We prioritize collaboration and inclusivity, creating an environment where everyone feels they belong and diverse perspectives are valued. Our focus on these principles, including being approachable, action-oriented, and striving for excellence, supports a positive and thriving work environment for our team members.
Corporate Information
Our website address is www.onepeloton.com. The information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website is not incorporated by reference into, and is not a part of, this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file. Investors should not rely on any such information in deciding whether to purchase our Class A common stock.
Peloton, the Peloton logo, Peloton Bike, Peloton Bike+, Peloton Tread, Peloton Tread+, Peloton Guide, Peloton Row, our Peloton Apps, Peloton Strength+, Precor and other registered or common law trade names, trademarks, or service marks of Peloton appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are the property of Peloton. This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains additional trade names, trademarks, and service marks of other companies that are the property of their respective owners. We do not intend our use or display of other companies’ trade names, trademarks, or service marks to imply a relationship with, or endorsement or sponsorship of us by, these other companies. Solely for convenience, our trademarks and tradenames referred to in this Annual Report on Form 10-K appear without the ® and ™ symbols, but those references are not intended to indicate, in any way, that we will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our rights, or the right of the applicable licensor, to these trademarks and tradenames.
Available Information
Our reports filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, are available, free of charge, on our Investor Relations website at https://investor.onepeloton.com as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. The SEC maintains a website at http://www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding us and other companies that file materials with the SEC electronically. We use our Investor Relations website and Press Newsrooms (https://investor.onepeloton.com/news-and-events/news-releases and https://www.onepeloton.com/press) as means of disclosing material non-public information and for complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. Accordingly, investors should monitor our Investor Relations website and Press Newsrooms in addition to following our press releases, 
9
SEC filings, investor events and webcasts. The information contained on, or that can be accessed through, these websites is not incorporated by reference into, and is not a part of, this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file.
10