Item 1A.
Risk Factors
In addition to the other information set forth in this report, you should consider the factors described below, as well as the risk factors and uncertainties discussed in our other public filings with the SEC under the caption “Risk Factors” in evaluating us and our business and making or continuing an investment in our stock. The material risks and uncertainties that management believes affect us are described below. The risks contained in this Form 10-K are not the only risks facing the Company. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us, or that we currently deem to be immaterial, also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or future results. The trading price of our securities could decline due to the materialization of any of these risks, and our shareholders may lose all or part of their investment. This Form 10-K also contains forward-looking statements that may not be realized as a result of certain factors, including, but not limited to, the risks described herein and in our other public filings with the SEC. Please refer to the section in this Form 10-K titled “Special Cautionary Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” for additional information regarding forward-looking statements.
Credit Risk
Deterioration in the real estate markets, including the secondary market for residential mortgage loans, can adversely affect us.
A decline in residential real estate market prices or reduced levels of home sales could result in lower single family home values, adversely affecting the liquidity and value of collateral securing commercial loans for residential land acquisition, construction and development, as well as residential mortgage loans and residential property collateral securing loans that we hold, mortgage loan originations and gains on the sale of mortgage loans. Declining real estate prices cause higher delinquencies and losses on certain mortgage loans, generally, and particularly on second lien mortgages and HELOCs. Significant ongoing disruptions in the secondary market for residential mortgage loans can limit the market for and liquidity of most residential mortgage loans other than conforming Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac loans. Deteriorating trends could occur, including declines in real estate values, financial stress on borrowers as a result of job losses or other factors. These could have adverse effects on borrowers that result in higher delinquencies and greater charge-offs in future periods, which would adversely affect our financial condition, including capital and liquidity, or results of operations. In the event our allowance for credit losses on loans is insufficient to cover such losses, our earnings, capital and liquidity could be adversely affected.
Our real estate portfolios are exposed if weakness in the Florida housing market or general economy arises.
Florida has historically experienced deeper recessions and more dramatic slowdowns in economic activity than other states and a decline in real estate values in Florida may be significantly larger than the national average. Declines in home prices and the volume of home sales in Florida, along with the reduced availability of certain types of mortgage credit, could result in increases in delinquencies and losses in our portfolios of home equity lines and loans, and commercial loans related to residential real estate acquisition, construction and development. Declines in home prices coupled with high or increased unemployment levels or increased interest rates could cause losses which adversely affect our earnings and financial condition, including our capital and liquidity.
We are subject to lending concentration risk.
Our loan portfolio contains several industry and collateral concentrations including, but not limited to, commercial and residential real estate. Due to the exposure in these concentrations, disruptions in markets, economic conditions, changes in 
15
laws or regulations or other events could cause a significant impact on the ability of borrowers to repay and may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
A substantial portion of our loan portfolio is secured by real estate. In weak economies, or in areas where real estate market conditions are distressed, we may experience a higher than normal level of nonperforming real estate loans. The collateral value of the portfolio and the revenue stream from those loans could come under stress, and additional provisions for the allowance for credit losses could be necessitated. Our ability to dispose of foreclosed real estate at prices at or above the respective carrying values could also be impaired, causing additional losses.
Commercial real estate is cyclical and poses risks of loss to us due to our concentration levels and risk of the asset, especially during a difficult economy, including the current stressed economy. As of December 31, 2024, 52% of our loan portfolio was comprised of loans secured by commercial real estate. The banking regulators continue to give commercial real estate lending greater scrutiny, and banks with higher levels of commercial real estate loans are expected to implement improved underwriting, internal controls, risk management policies and portfolio stress testing, as well as higher levels of allowances for expected losses and capital levels as a result of commercial real estate lending growth and exposures.
Seacoast Bank has a commercial real estate concentration risk management program and monitors its exposure to CRE; however, there can be no assurance that the program will be effective in managing our concentration in CRE.
NPAs could result in an increase in our provision for credit losses on loans, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
At December 31, 2024, our nonaccrual loans totaled $92.4 million or 0.90% of the loan portfolio and our NPAs (which includes nonaccrual loans) were $98.9 million or 0.65% of total assets. In addition, we had approximately $15.6 million in accruing loans that were 30 days or more delinquent at December 31, 2024. Our NPAs adversely affect our net income in various ways. We generally do not record interest income on nonaccrual loans, thereby adversely affecting our income, and increasing our loan administration costs. When the only source of repayment expected is the underlying collateral, we are required to mark the related loan to the then fair market value of the collateral, if less than the recorded amount of our investment, which may result in a loss. These loans also increase our risk profile and the capital our regulators believe is appropriate in light of such risks. We may incur additional losses relating to an increase in nonperforming loans. If economic conditions and market factors negatively and/or disproportionately affect some of our larger loans, then we could see a sharp increase in our total net charge-offs and our provision for credit losses on loans. Any increase in our NPAs and related increases in our provision for losses on loans could negatively affect our business and could have a material adverse effect on our capital, financial condition and results of operations.
Decreases in the value of these assets, or the underlying collateral, or in these borrowers’ performance or financial conditions, whether or not due to economic and market conditions beyond our control, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, the resolution of NPAs requires significant commitments of time from management and our personnel, which can be detrimental to the performance of their other responsibilities. There can be no assurance that we will not experience increases in nonperforming loans in the future, or that NPAs will not result in losses in the future.
Our allowance for credit losses on loans may prove inadequate or we may be adversely affected by credit risk exposures.
Our business depends on the creditworthiness of our customers. We review our allowance for credit losses on loans for adequacy, at a minimum quarterly, considering economic conditions and trends, reasonable and supportable forecasts, collateral values and credit quality indicators, including past charge-off experience and levels of past due loans and NPAs. The determination of the appropriate level of the allowance for credit losses involves a high degree of subjectivity and judgment and requires us to make significant estimates of current credit risks and future trends, all of which may undergo material changes. We cannot be certain that our allowance will be adequate over time to cover credit losses in our portfolio because of unanticipated adverse changes in the economy, market conditions or events adversely affecting specific customers, industries or markets, or borrowers repaying their loans. Generally, the credit quality of our borrowers may deteriorate as a result of economic downturns in our markets. For example, inflation could lead to increased costs to our customers, making it more difficult for them to repay their loans or other obligations, increasing our credit risk. If the credit quality of our customer base or their debt service behavior materially decreases, if the risk profile of a market, industry or group of customers declines or weakness in the real estate markets and other economics were to arise, or if our allowance for credit losses on loans is not adequate, our business, financial condition, including our liquidity and capital, and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. In addition, bank regulatory agencies periodically review our allowance and may require an increase in the provision for credit losses or the recognition of loan charge-offs, based on judgments different than those of management. If charge-offs in future periods exceed the allowance for credit losses on loans, we will need additional provisions to increase the 
16
allowance, which would result in a decrease in net income and capital, and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
Interest Rate Risk
We must effectively manage our interest rate risk
. 
The impact of changing interest rates on our results is difficult to predict and changes in interest rates may impact our performance in ways we cannot predict.
Our profitability is largely dependent on our net interest income, which is the difference between the interest income paid to us on our loans and investments and the interest we pay to third parties such as our depositors, lenders and debt holders. Changes in interest rates can impact our profits and the fair values of certain of our assets and liabilities. Prolonged periods of unusually low interest rates may have an incrementally adverse effect on our earnings by reducing yields on loans and other earning assets over time. Increases in market interest rates may reduce our customers’ desire to borrow money from us or adversely affect their ability to repay their outstanding loans by increasing their debt service obligations through the periodic reset of adjustable interest rate loans. If our borrowers’ ability to pay their loans is impaired by increasing interest payment obligations, our level of NPAs would increase, producing an adverse effect on operating results. Increases in interest rates can have a material impact on the volume of mortgage originations and re-financings, adversely affecting the profitability of our mortgage finance business. Higher market interest rates and increased competition for deposits may result in higher interest expense, as we may offer higher rates to attract or retain customer deposits. Increases in interest rates also may increase the amount of interest expense we pay to creditors on short and long-term debt. Interest rate risk can also result from mismatches between the dollar amounts of re-pricing or maturing assets and liabilities and from mismatches in the timing and rates at which our assets and liabilities re-price. Changes in market values of investment securities classified as available for sale are impacted by higher rates and can negatively impact our other comprehensive income and equity levels through accumulated other comprehensive income, which includes net unrealized gains and losses on those securities. Further, such losses could be realized into earnings should liquidity and/or business strategy necessitate the sales of securities in a loss position. We actively monitor and manage the balances of our maturing and re-pricing assets and liabilities to reduce the adverse impact of changes in interest rates, but there can be no assurance that we will be able to avoid material adverse effects on our net interest margin in all market conditions.
The FRB has implemented significant economic strategies that have impacted interest rates, inflation, asset values, and the shape of the yield curve, over which the Company has no control and which the Company may not be able to adequately anticipate.
Changes in interest rates and monetary policy have a significant impact on our activities and results of operations. The actions of the Federal Reserve influence the rates of interest that the Company charges on loans and that the Company pays on borrowings and interest-bearing deposits and can also affect the value of the Company's on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet financial instruments. Sustained higher interest rates increase the Company's cost of funding and may result in lower demand for loans by our customers. Conversely, lower interest rates may reduce our realized yield on variable rate loans and investment securities and on new loans and securities, which would reduce our interest income and cause downward pressure on net interest income and net interest margin. A significant reduction in our net interest income could have a material adverse impact on our capital, financial condition and results of operations. The Company cannot predict the nature or timing of future changes in monetary, economic, or other policies, or the effect that changes will have on the Company’s business activities, financial condition and results of operations.
Our cost of funds may increase as a result of general economic conditions, FDIC insurance assessments, interest rates and competitive pressures.
We have traditionally obtained funds through local deposits and thus we have a base of lower cost transaction deposits. Generally, we believe local deposits are a cheaper and more stable source of funds than other borrowings because interest rates paid for local deposits are typically lower than interest rates charged for borrowings from other institutional lenders or brokers. Our costs of funds and our profitability and liquidity are likely to be adversely affected if, and to the extent, we have to rely upon higher cost borrowings from other institutional lenders or brokers to fund loan demand or liquidity needs, and changes in our deposit mix, pricing, and growth could adversely affect our profitability and the ability to expand our loan portfolio.
Liquidity Risk
Liquidity risks could affect operations and jeopardize our financial condition.
Liquidity is essential to our business. An inability to raise funds through deposits, borrowings, the sale of loans and other sources could have a substantial negative effect on our liquidity. Our funding sources include customer deposits, federal funds 
17
purchases, securities sold under repurchase agreements, and short- and long-term debt. We are also members of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta and the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta, where we can obtain advances collateralized with eligible assets. We maintain a portfolio of securities that can be used as a secondary source of liquidity. Other sources of liquidity available to us or Seacoast Bank include the acquisition of additional deposits, the issuance and sale of debt securities, and the issuance and sale of preferred or common securities in public or private transactions.
Our access to funding sources in amounts adequate or on terms which are acceptable to us could be impaired by other factors that affect us specifically or the financial services industry or economy in general. Factors that could detrimentally impact our access to liquidity sources include a downturn in the markets in which our loans are concentrated or adverse regulatory action against us. In addition, our access to deposits may be affected by the liquidity and/or cash flow needs of depositors. Although we have historically been able to replace maturing deposits and FHLB advances as necessary, we might not be able to replace such funds in the future and can lose a relatively inexpensive source of funds and increase our funding costs if, among other things, customers move funds out of bank deposits and into alternative investments, such as the stock market, that may be perceived as providing superior expected returns. Recently proposed changes to the Federal Home Loan Bank system could adversely impact the Company's access to Federal Home Loan Bank borrowings or increase the cost of such borrowings. Access to liquidity may also be negatively impacted by the value of our securities portfolio, if liquidity and/or business strategy necessitate the sales of securities in a loss position. Access to liquidity may also be negatively impacted by the value of our securities portfolio, if liquidity and/or business strategy necessitate the sales of securities in a loss position. We may be required to seek additional regulatory capital through capital raises at terms that may be very dilutive to existing shareholders.
Our ability to borrow could also be impaired by factors that are not specific to us, such as disruptions in the financial markets or negative views and expectations about the prospects for the financial services industry.
Adverse developments or concerns affecting the financial services industry in general or financial institutions that are similar to us or that may be viewed as being similar to us, such as bank failures and disruption in the United States banking industry, could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
Several financial institutions have failed or required outside liquidity support, often as a result of the inability of the institutions to obtain needed liquidity. The impact of this situation led to heightened risk of additional stress to other financial institutions, and the financial services industry generally as a result of increased lack of confidence in the financial sector. Banking regulators have historically taken action to strengthen public confidence in the banking system, including to ensure that depositors had access to their deposits, including uninsured deposit accounts, but there can be no assurance that such actions will stabilize the financial services industry and financial markets in response to future adverse events impacting the  financial services industry. While we currently do not anticipate liquidity constraints of the kind that caused certain other financial institutions to fail or require external support, constraints on our liquidity could occur as a result of unanticipated deposit withdrawals, because of market distress or our inability to access other sources of liquidity, including through the capital markets due to unforeseen market dislocations or interruptions.
Moreover, some of our customers may become less willing to maintain deposits at Seacoast because of broader market concerns with the level of insurance available on those deposits. Our business and our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected by continued soundness concerns regarding financial institutions generally and our counterparties specifically and limitations resulting from further governmental action in an effort to stabilize or provide additional regulation of the financial system, as well as the impact of excessive deposit withdrawals. Actual events involving limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments that affect financial institutions, or concerns or rumors about any events of these kinds or other similar events, have in the past and may in the future lead to erosion of customer confidence in the banking system or certain banks, deposit volatility, liquidity issues, stock price volatility and other adverse developments. Any of these impacts, or any other impacts resulting from bank failures or other related or similar events, could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity and our current and/or projected business operations and financial condition and results of operations.
Our ability to receive dividends from our subsidiaries could affect our liquidity and ability to pay interest on our trust preferred securities or reinstate dividends.
We are a legal entity separate and distinct from Seacoast Bank and our other subsidiaries. Our primary source of cash, other than securities offerings, is dividends from Seacoast Bank. These dividends are the principal source of funds to pay dividends on our common stock, interest on our trust preferred securities and interest and principal on our debt. Various laws and regulations limit the amount of dividends that Seacoast Bank may pay us, as further described in “Supervision and Regulation - Payment of Dividends.” Also, our right to participate in a distribution of assets upon a subsidiary’s liquidation or reorganization is subject to the prior claims of the subsidiary’s creditors. Limitations on our ability to receive dividends from our subsidiaries could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity and on our ability to pay dividends on common stock. Additionally, if our 
18
subsidiaries’ earnings are not sufficient to make dividend payments to us while maintaining adequate capital levels, we may not be able to make payments on our trust preferred securities or reinstate dividend payments to our common shareholders.
Business and Strategic Risks
Our business strategy includes continued growth, and our financial condition and results of operations could be negatively affected if we fail to grow or fail to manage our growth effectively.
We intend to continue to pursue a growth strategy for our business. Our prospects must be considered in light of the risks, expenses and difficulties frequently encountered by companies in pursuing such growth strategies. Our ability to continue to grow successfully will depend on a variety of factors, including economic conditions, continued availability of desirable business opportunities, customer demand for our products and services, the competitive responses from other financial and non-financial institution competitors, and our ability to successfully serve a growing number of client relationships. There can be no assurance growth opportunities will be available or growth will be successfully managed. Failure to manage our growth effectively could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations, and could adversely affect our ability to successfully implement our business strategy. Also, if our growth occurs more slowly than anticipated or declines, our operating results could be materially adversely affected.
Our future success is dependent on our ability to compete effectively in highly competitive markets.
We operate in markets throughout the State of Florida, each with unique characteristics and opportunities. Our future growth and success will depend on our ability to compete effectively in these and other potential markets. We compete for loans, deposits and other financial services in geographic markets with other local, regional and national commercial banks, thrifts, credit unions, mortgage lenders, and securities and insurance brokerage firms. Many of our competitors offer products and services different from us, and have substantially greater resources, name recognition and market presence than we do, which benefits them in attracting business. Larger competitors may be able to price loans and deposits more aggressively than we can, and have broader customer and geographic bases to draw upon. In addition, some of our competitors are subject to less regulation and/or more favorable tax treatment.
Consumers may decide not to use banks to complete their financial transactions, which could adversely affect our net income.
Technology and other changes now allow parties to complete financial transactions without banks. For example, consumers can pay bills, transfer funds directly and obtain loans without banks. This process could result in the loss of interest and fee income, as well as the loss of customer deposits and the income generated from those deposits.
Transactions utilizing digital assets, including cryptocurrencies, stablecoins and other similar assets, have increased substantially. Certain characteristics of digital asset transactions, such as the speed with which such transactions can be conducted, the ability to transact without the involvement of regulated intermediaries, the ability to engage in transactions across multiple jurisdictions, and the anonymous nature of the transactions, are appealing to certain consumers notwithstanding the various risks posed by such transactions. Accordingly, digital asset service providers which, at present are not subject to the extensive regulation to which banking organizations and other financial institutions are subject, have become active competitors for our customers' banking business. The process of eliminating banks as intermediaries, known as “disintermediation,” could result in the loss of fee income, as well as the loss of customer deposits and the related income generated from those deposits. The loss of these revenue streams and the lower cost of deposits as a source of funds could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations and increased competition may negatively affect our earnings by creating pressure to lower prices or credit standards on our products and services requiring additional investment to improve the quality and delivery of our technology, reducing our market share, or affecting the willingness of our clients to do business with us. Non-bank financial technology providers invest substantial resources in developing and designing new technology, particularly digital and mobile technology, and are beginning to offer more traditional banking products either directly or through bank partnerships.
In addition, the widespread adoption of new technologies, including internet banking services, mobile banking services, cryptocurrencies and payment systems, and artificial intelligence, could require substantial expenditures to modify or adapt our existing products and services as we grow and develop our internet banking and mobile banking channel strategies in addition to remote connectivity solutions. We might not be successful in developing or introducing new products and services, integrating new products or services into our existing offerings, responding or adapting to changes in consumer behavior, preferences, spending, investing and/or saving habits, achieving market acceptance of our products and services, reducing costs 
19
in response to pressures to deliver products and services at lower prices or sufficiently developing and maintaining loyal customers.
Further, we may experience a decrease in customer deposits if customers perceive alternative investments, such as the stock market, as providing superior expected returns. When customers move money out of bank deposits in favor of alternative investments, we may lose a relatively inexpensive source of funds, and be forced to rely more heavily on borrowings and other sources of funding to fund our business and meet withdrawal demands, thereby increasing our funding costs and adversely affecting our net interest margin.
Hurricanes or other adverse weather events, as well as climate change, could negatively affect our local economies or disrupt our operations, which would have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
Our market areas in Florida are susceptible to hurricanes, tropical storms and related flooding and wind damage and other similar weather events. Such weather events can disrupt operations, result in damage to properties and negatively affect the local economies in the markets where we operate. We cannot predict whether or to what extent damage that may be caused by future weather events will affect our operations or the economies in our current or future market areas, but such events could result in a decline in loan originations, a decline in the value or destruction of properties securing our loans and an increase in delinquencies, foreclosures or loan losses, negatively impacting our business and results of operations. As a result of the potential for such weather events, many of our customers have incurred significantly higher property and casualty insurance premiums on their properties located in our markets, which may adversely affect real estate sales and values in our markets. Climate change may be increasing the nature, severity, and frequency of adverse weather conditions, making the impact from these types of natural disasters on us or customers worse.
Further, concerns over the long-term impacts of climate change have led and will continue to lead to governmental efforts around the world to mitigate those impacts. 
Federal and state banking regulators and supervisory authorities, investors and other stakeholders have increasingly viewed financial institutions as important in helping to address the risks related to climate change both directly and with respect to their customers, which may result in financial institutions coming under increased press
ure regarding the disclosure and management of their climate risks and related lending and investment activities. Given that climate change could impose systemic risks upon the financial sector, either via disruptions in economic activity resulting from the physical impacts of climate change or changes in policies as the economy transitions to a less carbon-intensive environment, we face regulatory risk of increasing focus on our resilience to climate-related risks, including in the context of stress testing for various climate stress scenarios. Ongoing legislative or regulatory uncertainties and changes regarding climate risk management and practices may result in higher regulatory, compliance, credit and reputational risks and costs. Investors, consumers and businesses may also change their behavior on their own as a result of these concerns. The state of Florida could be disproportionately impacted by long-term climate changes. We and our customers may face cost increases, asset value reductions (which could impact customer creditworthiness), operating process changes, changes in demand for products and services, and the like resulting from new laws, regulations, and changing consumer and investor preferences regarding our, or other companies', response to climate change. Our efforts to take these risks into account in making lending and other decisions, including by increasing our business with climate-friendly companies, may not be effective in protecting us from the negative impact of new laws and regulations or changes in consumer or business behavior.
Changes in accounting rules applicable to banks could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
From time to time, the FASB and the SEC change the financial accounting and reporting standards that govern the preparation of our financial statements. These changes can be hard to predict and can materially impact how we record and report our financial condition and results of operations. In some cases, we could be required to apply a new or revised standard retroactively, resulting in a restatement of our prior period financial statements.
The anti-takeover provisions in our Articles of Incorporation and under Florida law may make it more difficult for takeover attempts that have not been approved by our Board of Directors.
Florida law and our Articles of Incorporation include anti-takeover provisions, such as provisions that encourage persons seeking to acquire control of us to consult with our Board of Directors, and which enable the Board of Directors to negotiate and give consideration on behalf of us and our shareholders and other constituencies to the merits of any offer made. Such provisions, as well as super-majority voting and quorum requirements, and a staggered Board of Directors, may make any takeover attempts and other acquisitions of interests in us, by means of a tender offer, open market purchase, a proxy fight or otherwise, that have not been approved by our Board of Directors more difficult and more expensive. These provisions may discourage possible business combinations that a majority of our shareholders may believe to be desirable and beneficial. As a 
20
result, our Board of Directors may decide not to pursue transactions that would otherwise be in the best interests of holders of our common stock.
Operational Risk
The implementation of new lines of business or new products and services may subject us to additional risk.
We continuously evaluate our service offerings and may implement new lines of business or offer new products and services within existing lines of business in the future. There are substantial risks and uncertainties associated with these efforts. In developing and marketing new lines of business and/or new products and services, we undergo a process to assess the risks of the initiative, and invest significant time and resources to build internal controls, policies and procedures to mitigate those risks, including hiring experienced management to oversee the implementation of the initiative. Initial timetables for the introduction and development of new lines of business and/or new products or services may not be achieved, and price and profitability targets may not prove feasible. External factors, such as compliance with regulations, competitive alternatives, and shifting market preferences, may also impact the successful implementation of a new line of business and/or a new product or service. Furthermore, any new line of business and/or new product or service could require the establishment of new key and other controls and have a significant impact on our existing system of internal controls. Failure to successfully manage these risks in the development and implementation of new lines of business and/or new products or services could have a material adverse effect on our business and, in turn, our financial condition and results of operations.
Employee misconduct could expose us to significant legal liability and reputational harm.
We are vulnerable to reputational harm because we operate in an industry in which integrity and the confidence of our customers are of critical importance. Our employees could engage in fraudulent, illegal, wrongful or suspicious activities, and/or activities resulting in consumer harm that adversely affects our customers and/or our business. The precautions we take to detect and prevent such misconduct may not always be effective, such misconduct may result in regulatory sanctions and/or penalties, serious harm to our reputation, financial condition, customer relationships or the ability to attract new customers. In addition, improper use or disclosure of confidential information by our employees, even if inadvertent, could result in serious harm to our reputation, financial condition and current and future business relationships.
We are subject to losses due to fraudulent and negligent acts.
Financial institutions are inherently exposed to fraud risk. Criminals are turning to new sources, including artificial intelligence, to steal personally identifiable information in order to impersonate our clients to commit fraud. Fraudulent activity can take many forms and has escalated as more tools for accessing financial services emerge, such as real-time payments. Fraud schemes are broad and continuously evolving. A fraud can be perpetrated by a customer of Seacoast, an employee, a vendor, or members of the general public. We are subject to fraud risk in connection with the origination of loans, ACH transactions, wire transactions, digital payments, ATM transactions, checking and other transactions. When we originate loans, we rely heavily upon information supplied by loan applicants and third parties, including the information contained in the loan application, property appraisal, title information and employment and income documentation provided by third parties. If any of this information is misrepresented and such misrepresentation is not detected prior to loan funding, we generally bear the risk of loss associated with the misrepresentation. Although the Company seeks to mitigate fraud risk and losses through continued investment in systems, resources, and controls, there can be no assurance that our efforts will be effective in detecting fraud or that we will not experience fraud losses or incur costs or other damage related to such fraud, at levels that adversely affect our financial results or reputation.
If we fail to maintain an effective system of disclosure controls and procedures, including internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, current and potential shareholders could lose confidence in our financial reporting, which could harm the trading price of our common stock.
Management regularly monitors, reviews and updates our disclosure controls and procedures, including our internal control over financial reporting. Any system of controls, however well designed and operated, is based in part on certain assumptions and can provide only reasonable assurances that the controls will be effective. Any failure or circumvention of our controls and procedures or failure to comply with regulations related to controls and procedures could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
Failure to achieve and maintain an effective internal control environment could prevent us from accurately reporting our financial results, preventing or detecting fraud or providing timely and reliable financial information pursuant to our reporting obligations, which could result in a material weakness in our internal controls over financial reporting and the restatement of 
21
previously filed financial statements and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, ineffective internal controls could cause our investors to lose confidence in our financial information, which could affect the trading price of our common stock.
Our operations rely on external vendors.
We rely on certain external vendors to provide products and services necessary to maintain our day-to-day operations, particularly in the areas of operations, treasury management systems, information technology and security, exposing us to the risk that these vendors will not perform as required by our agreements and exposing us to operational and informational security risks, including risks associated with operational errors, information system failures, interruptions or breaches and unauthorized disclosures of sensitive or confidential client or customer information. An external vendor’s failure to perform in accordance with our agreement could be disruptive to our operations, which could have a material adverse impact on our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. Our regulators also impose requirements on us with respect to monitoring and implementing adequate controls and procedures in connection with our third party vendors.
From time to time, we may decide to retain new vendors for new or existing products and services. Transition to these new vendors may not proceed as anticipated and could negatively impact our customers or our ability to conduct business, which, in turn, could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. To mitigate this risk, the Company has an established process to oversee vendor relationships.
We must effectively manage our information systems risk.
We rely heavily on our communications and information systems to conduct our business. The financial services industry is undergoing rapid technological changes with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products, services and methods of delivery (including those related to or involving artificial intelligence, machine learning, blockchain and other distributed ledger technologies). Our ability to compete successfully depends in part upon our ability to use technology to provide products and services that will satisfy customer demands. We have and will continue to make technology investments to achieve process improvements and increase efficiency. Many of the Company’s competitors invest substantially greater resources in technological improvements than we do. We may not be able to effectively select, develop or implement new technology-driven products and services or be successful in marketing these products and services to our customers, which may negatively affect our business, results of operations or financial condition.
Evolving business practices, including having certain employees working remotely, introduces additional operational risk, including increased cybersecurity risk. These cyber risks include the risks of greater phishing, malware, and other cybersecurity attacks, vulnerability to disruptions of our information technology infrastructure and telecommunications systems for remote operations, increased risk of unauthorized dissemination of confidential information, limited ability to restore the systems in the event of a systems failure or interruption, greater risk of a security breach resulting in destruction or misuse of valuable information, and potential impairment of our ability to perform critical functions, including wiring funds, all of which could expose us to risks of data or financial loss, litigation and liability and could seriously disrupt our operations and the operations of any impacted customers.
Disruptions to our information systems or security breaches could adversely affect our business and reputation.
Our communications and information systems remain vulnerable to unexpected disruptions and failures. Any failure or interruption of these systems could impair our ability to serve our customers and to operate our business and could damage our reputation, result in a loss of business, subject us to additional regulatory scrutiny or enforcement or expose us to civil litigation and possible financial liability. While we have developed extensive recovery plans, we cannot assure that those plans will be effective to prevent adverse effects upon us and our customers resulting from system failures. While we maintain an insurance policy which we believe provides sufficient coverage at a manageable expense for an institution of our size and scope with similar technological systems, we cannot assure that this policy would be sufficient to cover all related financial losses and damages should we experience any one or more of our or a third party’s systems failing or failing to prevent, being breached, or experiencing a cyber-attack.
Notwithstanding the strength of our defensive measures, the threat from cyber-attacks is severe, attacks are sophisticated and attackers respond rapidly to changes in defensive measures
,
 and there is no assurance that our response to any cyber-attack or system interruption, breach or failure will be fully effective to mitigate and remediate the issues resulting from such an event, including the costs, reputational harm and litigation challenges that we may face as a result. Cybersecurity risks also occur with our third-party service providers, and may interfere with their ability to fulfill their contractual obligations to us, with attendant financial loss or liability that could adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. We offer our clients the ability to bank remotely and provide other technology based products and services, which services include the secure 
22
transmission of confidential information over the Internet and other remote channels. To the extent that our clients' systems are not secure or are otherwise compromised, our network could be vulnerable to unauthorized access, malicious software, phishing schemes and other security breaches. To the extent that our activities or the activities of our clients or third-party service providers involve the storage and transmission of confidential information, security breaches and malicious software could expose us to claims, regulatory scrutiny, litigation and other possible liabilities. While to date we have not experienced a significant compromise, significant data loss or material financial losses related to cybersecurity attacks, our systems and those of our clients and third-party service providers are under constant threat and it is possible that we could experience a significant event in the future. We may suffer material financial losses related to these risks in the future or we may be subject to liability for compromises to our client or third-party service provider systems. Any such losses or liabilities could adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations, and could expose us to reputation risk, the loss of client business, increased operational costs, as well as additional regulatory scrutiny, possible litigation, and related financial liability. These risks also include possible business interruption, including the inability to access critical information and systems. In addition, as the domestic and foreign regulatory environment related to information security, data collection and use, and privacy becomes increasingly rigorous, with new and constantly changing requirements applicable to our business, compliance with those requirements could also result in additional costs.
We collect and store sensitive data, including personally identifiable information of our customers and employees as well as sensitive information related to our operations. Our collection of such Company and customer data is subject to extensive regulation and oversight. Computer break-ins of our systems or our customers’ systems, thefts of data and other breaches and criminal activity may result in significant costs to respond, liability for customer losses if we are at fault, damage to our customer relationships, regulatory scrutiny and enforcement and loss of future business opportunities due to reputational damage. Although we, with the help of third-party service providers, will continue to implement security technology and establish operational procedures to protect sensitive data, there can be no assurance that these measures will be effective. We advise and provide training to our customers regarding protection of their systems, but there is no assurance that our advice and training will be appropriately acted upon by our customers or effective to prevent losses. In some cases, we may elect to contribute to the cost of responding to cybercrime against our customers, even when we are not at fault, in order to maintain valuable customer relationships.
The development and use of artificial intelligence (“AI”) presents risks and challenges that may adversely impact our business.
We or our third-party (or fourth-party) vendors, clients or counterparties may develop or incorporate AI technology in certain business processes, services, or products. The development and use of AI presents a number of risks and challenges to our business. The legal and regulatory environment relating to AI is uncertain and rapidly evolving, both in the U.S. and internationally, and includes regulatory schemes targeted specifically at AI as well as provisions in intellectual property, privacy, consumer protection, employment, and other laws applicable to the use of AI. These evolving laws and regulations could require changes in our implementation of AI technology and increase our compliance costs and the risk of non-compliance. AI models, particularly generative AI models, may produce output or take action that is incorrect, that reflects biases included in the data on which they are trained, that results in the release of private, confidential, or proprietary information, that infringes on the intellectual property rights of others, or that is otherwise harmful. In addition, the complexity of many AI models makes it difficult to understand why they are generating particular outputs. This limited transparency increases the challenges associated with assessing the proper operation of AI models, understanding and monitoring the capabilities of the AI models, reducing erroneous output, eliminating bias, and complying with regulations that require documentation or explanation of the basis on which decisions are made. Further, we may rely on AI models developed by third parties, and, to that extent, would be dependent in part on the manner in which those third parties develop and train their models, including risks arising from the inclusion of any unauthorized material in the training data for their models and the effectiveness of the steps these third parties have taken to limit the risks associated with the output of their models, matters over which we may have limited visibility. Any of these risks could expose us to liability or adverse legal or regulatory consequences and harm our reputation and the public perception of our business or the effectiveness of our security measures.
Regulatory and Litigation Risk
We operate in a heavily regulated environment. Regulatory compliance burdens and associated costs can affect our business, including our reputation, the value of our securities, and the results of our operations.
We and our subsidiaries are regulated by several regulators, including, but not limited to, the FRB, the OCC, the FDIC, the CFPB, the SBA, the SEC and NASDAQ. Our success is affected by state and federal regulations affecting banks and bank holding companies, the securities markets and banking, securities and insurance regulators. Banking regulations are primarily intended to protect consumers and depositors, not shareholders. The financial services industry also is subject to frequent legislative and regulatory changes and proposed changes, the effects of which cannot be predicted. These changes, if adopted, 
23
could require us to maintain more capital, liquidity and risk controls, which could adversely affect our growth, profitability and financial condition. Any such changes in law can impact the profitability of our business activities, require changes to our operating policies and procedures, or otherwise adversely impact our business.
Further, we expect to continue to commit significant resources to our compliance with various corporate governance and financial reporting requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as well as rules and regulations adopted by the SEC, the PCAOB and NASDAQ. Our failure to track and comply with the various rules may materially adversely affect our reputation, ability to obtain the necessary certifications to financial statements, and the value of our securities.
The CFPB has issued mortgage-related rules required under the Dodd-Frank Act addressing borrower ability-to-repay and qualified mortgage standards. The CFPB has also issued rules for loan originators related to compensation, licensing requirements, administration capabilities and restrictions on pursuance of delinquent borrowers. These rules could have a negative effect on the financial performance of Seacoast Bank's mortgage lending operations such as limiting the volume of mortgage originations and sales into the secondary market, increased compliance burden and impairing Seacoast Bank's ability to proceed against certain delinquent borrowers with timely and effective collection efforts.
Banks with greater than $10 billion in total consolidated assets are subject to certain additional regulatory requirements, including limits on the debit card interchange fees that such banks may collect, changes in the manner in which assessments for FDIC deposit insurance are calculated, and providing the authority to the CFPB to supervise and examine such banks.
Additionally, in December 2024, the CFPB finalized a rule that would treat discretionary overdraft services offered by banks with more than $10 billion in assets as credit, bringing them for the first time under Regulation Z, the implementing regulation of the Truth in Lending Act and capping these fees at $5. As of December 31, 2024, this rule has been challenged in court.
Compliance with the Dodd-Frank Act's requirements may necessitate that we hire or contract with additional compliance or other personnel, design and implement additional internal controls, or incur other significant expenses, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
See the discussion above at "Supervision and Regulation" for an additional discussion of the extensive regulation and supervision the Company and the Bank are subject to.
We are required to maintain capital to meet regulatory requirements, and if we fail to maintain sufficient capital, whether due to losses, growth opportunities, or an inability to raise additional capital or otherwise, our financial condition, liquidity and results of operations, as well as our compliance with regulatory requirements, would be adversely affected.
Both we and Seacoast Bank must meet regulatory capital requirements and maintain sufficient liquidity and our regulators may modify and adjust such requirements in the future. Our ability to raise additional capital, when and if needed in the future, will depend on conditions in the capital markets, general economic conditions and a number of other factors, including investor perceptions regarding the banking industry and the market, governmental activities, many of which are outside our control, and on our financial condition and performance. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that we will be able to raise additional capital if needed or on terms acceptable to us. If we fail to meet these capital and other regulatory requirements, our financial condition, liquidity and results of operations would be materially and adversely affected.
Although the Company currently complies with all capital requirements, we may be subject to more stringent regulatory capital ratio requirements in the future and we may need additional capital in order to meet those requirements. Our failure to remain “well-capitalized” for bank regulatory purposes could affect customer confidence, our ability to grow, our costs of funds and FDIC insurance costs, our ability to pay dividends on common stock, our ability to make distributions on our trust preferred securities, our ability to make acquisitions, and our business, results of operations and financial condition, generally. Under FDIC rules, if Seacoast Bank ceases to be a “well-capitalized” institution, its ability to accept brokered deposits and the interest rates that it pays may both be restricted.
Federal banking agencies periodically conduct examinations of our business, including for compliance with laws and regulations, and our failure to comply with any supervisory actions to which we are or become subject as a result of such examinations may adversely affect us.
The FRB and the OCC periodically conduct examinations of our business and Seacoast Bank’s business, including for compliance with laws and regulations, and Seacoast Bank also may be subject to future regulatory examinations by the CFPB, as discussed in the “Supervision and Regulation” section above. If, as a result of an examination, the FRB, the OCC and/or the CFPB were to determine that the financial condition, capital resources, asset quality, asset concentrations, earnings prospects, management, liquidity, sensitivity to market risk, or other aspects of any of our or Seacoast Bank’s operations had become 
24
unsatisfactory, or that we or our management were in violation of any law, regulation or guideline in effect from time to time, the regulators may take a number of different remedial actions as they deem appropriate. These actions include the power to enjoin “unsafe or unsound” practices, to require affirmative actions to correct any conditions resulting from any violation or practice, to issue an administrative order that can be judicially enforced, to direct an increase in our capital, to restrict our growth, to change the composition of our concentrations in portfolio or balance sheet assets, to assess civil monetary penalties against our officers or directors or to remove officers and directors.
Higher FDIC deposit insurance premiums and assessments could adversely affect our financial condition.
FDIC insurance premiums we pay may change and be significantly higher in the future. Market developments may significantly deplete the insurance fund of the FDIC and reduce the ratio of reserves to insured deposits, thereby making it requisite upon the FDIC to charge higher premiums prospectively. FDIC deposit insurance premiums and assessments may increase as a result of future increases in assessment rates, required prepayments in FDIC insurance premiums, special assessments or other changes, and could reduce our profitability. Any increases in our assessment rate, future special assessments, or required prepayments in FDIC insurance premiums could reduce our profitability or limit our ability to pursue certain business opportunities, which could have a material adverse effect on our assets, business, cash flow, condition (financial or otherwise), liquidity, prospects or results of operations.
Tax law changes and interpretations may have a negative impact on our earnings.
The enactment of the Tax Reform Act has had, and is expected to continue to have, far reaching and significant effects on us, our customers and the U.S. economy. Further, U.S. tax authorities may at any time clarify and/or modify legislation, administration or judicial changes or interpretations the income tax treatment of corporations. Such changes could adversely affect us, either directly or as a result of the effects on our customers. While lower income tax rates should result in improved net income performance over prospective periods, the extent of the benefit will be influenced by the competitive environment and other factors.
As of December 31, 2024, we had net deferred tax assets of $103.0 million, based on management's estimation of the likelihood of those DTAs being realized. These and future DTAs may be reduced in the future if our estimates of future taxable income from our operations and tax planning strategies do not support the amounts recorded.
Merger-Related Risks
If we fail to successfully integrate our acquisitions or to realize the anticipated benefits of them, our financial condition and results of operations could be negatively affected.
We intend to continue to regularly evaluate potential acquisitions and expansion opportunities. To the extent we grow through acquisition, we cannot assure you that we will be able to manage this growth adequately or profitably. Acquiring other banks, branches or businesses, as well as other geographic and product expansion activities, involve various risks including:
•
risk of unknown, undisclosed or contingent liabilities that could arise after the closing of an acquisition and for which there is no indemnification obligation or other price protection mechanism associated with the acquisition;
•
unanticipated costs and delays, including as a result of enhanced regulatory scrutiny;
•
risks that acquired new businesses do not perform consistent with our growth and profitability expectations;
•
risks of entering new market or product areas where we have limited experience;
•
risks that growth will strain our infrastructure, staff, internal controls and management, which may require additional personnel, time and expenditures;
•
exposure to potential asset quality issues with acquired institutions;
•
difficulties, expenses and delays of integrating the operations and personnel of acquired institutions, and start-up delays and costs of other expansion activities;
•
inaccurate estimates of value assigned to acquired assets;
•
potential disruptions to our business;
•
possible loss of key employees and customers of acquired institutions;
25
•
potential short-term decrease in profitability;
•
potential dilution of our current shareholders or a decline in our share price resulting from the issuance in connection with an acquisition of equity securities or securities convertible into equity securities, any of which may be senior to our common stock as to distributions and in liquidation;
•
litigation; and
•
diversion of our management’s time and attention from our existing operations and businesses.
Attractive acquisition opportunities may not be available to us in the future.
While we seek continued organic growth, we anticipate continuing to evaluate merger and acquisition opportunities presented to us in our core markets and beyond. The number of financial institutions headquartered in Florida, the Southeastern United States, and across the country continues to decline through merger and other activity. We expect that other banking and financial companies, many of which have significantly greater resources, will compete with us to acquire financial services businesses. This competition, as the number of appropriate merger targets decreases, could increase prices for potential acquisitions which could reduce our potential returns, and reduce the attractiveness of these opportunities to us. Also, acquisitions are subject to various regulatory approvals. If we fail to receive the appropriate regulatory approvals, we will not be able to consummate an acquisition that we believe is in our best interests. Among other things, our regulators consider our capital, liquidity, profitability, regulatory compliance, including with respect to anti-money laundering obligations, consumer protection laws and CRA obligations and levels of goodwill and intangibles when considering acquisition and expansion proposals. Any acquisition could be dilutive to our earnings and shareholders’ equity per share of our common stock.
Our business strategy includes significant growth plans, and our financial condition and results of operations could be negatively affected if we fail to grow or fail to manage our growth effectively, or if we fail to successfully integrate our acquisitions or to realize the anticipated benefits of them.
We intend to continue to pursue an organic growth strategy for our business while also regularly evaluating potential acquisitions and expansion opportunities. If appropriate opportunities present themselves, we expect to engage in selected acquisitions of financial institutions, branch acquisitions and other business growth initiatives or undertakings. There can be no assurance that we will successfully identify appropriate opportunities, that we will be able to negotiate or finance such activities or that such activities, if undertaken, will be successful. While we have substantial experience in successfully integrating institutions we have acquired, we may encounter difficulties during integration, such as the loss of key employees, the disruption of operations and businesses, loan and deposit attrition, customer loss and revenue loss, possible inconsistencies in standards, control procedures and policies, and unexpected issues with expected branch closures costs, operations, personnel, technology and credit, all of which could divert resources from regular banking operations. Achieving the anticipated benefits of these mergers is subject to a number of uncertainties, including whether we integrate these institutions in an efficient and effective manner, governmental actions affecting the financial industry generally, and general competitive factors in the marketplace. Failure to achieve these anticipated benefits could result in a reduction in the price of our shares as well as in increased costs, decreases in the amount of expected revenues and diversion of management's time and energy and could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
There are risks associated with our growth strategy. To the extent that we grow through acquisitions, there can be no assurance that we will be able to adequately or profitably manage this growth. Acquiring other banks, branches or other assets, as well as other expansion activities, involves various risks including the risks of incorrectly assessing the credit quality of acquired assets, encountering greater than expected costs of integrating acquired banks or branches into us, the risk of loss of customers and/or employees of the acquired institution or branch, executing cost savings measures, not achieving revenue enhancements and otherwise not realizing the transaction’s anticipated benefits. Our ability to address these matters successfully cannot be assured. In addition, our strategic efforts may divert resources or management’s attention from ongoing business operations, may require investment in integration and in development and enhancement of additional operational and reporting processes and controls and may subject us to additional regulatory scrutiny.
Our growth initiatives may also require us to recruit and retain experienced personnel to assist in such initiatives. Accordingly, the failure to identify and retain such personnel would place significant limitations on our ability to successfully execute our growth strategy. In addition, to the extent we expand our lending beyond our current market areas, we could incur additional 
26
risks related to those new market areas. We may not be able to expand our market presence in our existing market areas or successfully enter new markets.
If we do not successfully execute our acquisition growth plan, it could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, reputation and growth prospects. In addition, if we were to conclude that the value of an acquired business had decreased, that conclusion may result in an impairment charge to goodwill or other tangible or intangible assets, which would adversely affect our results of operations. While we believe we have the executive management resources and internal systems in place to successfully manage our future growth, there can be no assurance growth opportunities will be available or that we will successfully manage our growth.
Additionally, we may pursue divestitures of non-strategic branches or other assets. Such divestitures involve various risks, including the risks of not being able to timely or fully replace liquidity previously provided by deposits which may be transferred as part of a divestiture, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
General Risk Factors
Shares of our common stock are not insured deposits and may lose value.
Shares of our common stock are not savings accounts, deposits or other obligations of any depository institution and are not insured or guaranteed by the FDIC or any other governmental agency or instrumentality, any other deposit insurance fund or by any other public or private entity, and are subject to investment risk, including the possible loss of principal.
Any future economic downturn could have a material adverse effect on our capital, financial condition, results of operations, and future growth.
Management continually monitors market conditions and economic factors affecting our business. If conditions were to worsen nationally, regionally or locally, then we could see a sharp increase in our total net charge-offs and also be required to significantly increase our allowance for credit losses. Furthermore, the demand for loans and our other products and services could decline. An increase in our non-performing assets and related increases in our provision for credit losses, coupled with a potential decrease in the demand for loans and our other products and services, could negatively affect our business and could have a material adverse effect on our capital, financial condition, results of operations and future growth. Our customers may also be adversely impacted by changes in regulatory, trade (including tariffs), monetary, and tax policies and laws, all of which could reduce demand for loans and adversely impact our borrowers' ability to repay our loans. The U.S. government’s decisions regarding its debt ceiling and the possibility that the U.S. could default on its debt obligations may cause further interest rate increases, disrupt access to capital markets and deepen recessionary conditions. The effects of a possible economic downturn could continue for many years after the downturn is considered to have ended.
A reduction in consumer confidence could negatively impact our results of operations and financial condition.
Significant market volatility driven in part by concerns relating to, among other things, bank failures, actions by the U.S. Congress or imposed through Executive Order by the President of the United States, as well as global political actions or events, including natural disasters, health emergencies or pandemics, could adversely affect the U.S. or global economies, with direct or indirect impacts on the Company and our business. Results could include reduced consumer and business confidence, credit deterioration, diminished capital markets activity, and actions by the Federal Reserve impacting interest rates or other U.S. monetary policy.
We must attract and retain skilled personnel.
Our success depends, in substantial part, on our ability to attract and retain skilled, experienced personnel in key positions within the organization. Competition for qualified candidates in the activities and markets that we serve is intense. If we are not able to hire, adequately compensate, or retain these key individuals, we may be unable to execute our business strategies and may suffer adverse consequences to our business, financial condition and results of operations.
Item 1B.
Unresolved Staff Comments

None.
27
Item 1C.
Cybersecurity
Cybersecurity Risk Management and Strategy
The Company’s information security program is designed to protect sensitive information from unauthorized access, use, disclosure, alteration, or destruction, and to maintain the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our information assets, including employee and customer non-public information, financial data, and internal operational information. Our Chief Information Security Officer, who reports to our Chief Risk Officer, manages our information security strategy and development within our overarching Enterprise Risk Management program.
The Company’s cybersecurity program, including our information security policies, is designed to align with regulatory guidance and industry practices. 
To protect our information systems, network, and information assets from cybersecurity threats, we use various security tools, products and processes that help identify, prevent, investigate, and remediate cybersecurity threats and security incidents.
The Company’s Information Security team monitors threat intelligence sources to research evolving threats, investigates the potential impact to financial services companies, examines company controls to detect and defend against those threats, and proactively adjusts company defenses against those threats. The Information Security team also actively monitors company networks and systems to detect suspicious or malicious events, including through penetration testing and periodic vulnerability scans, a managed security service provider supplements our efforts to provide 24 hours a day, seven days a week coverage, and we work with leading cybersecurity companies and organizations to leverage third party technology and expertise as appropriate.
We maintain policies and procedures for the safe storage, handling and secure disposal of customer information. Each employee is expected to be responsible for the security and confidentiality of customer information, and we communicate this responsibility to employees upon hiring and regularly throughout their employment. Annually, we provide employees with mandatory security awareness training. The curriculum includes the recognition and appropriate handling of potential phishing emails, which could, ultimately, place sensitive customer or employee information at risk. The Company employs a number of technical controls to mitigate the risk of phishing emails targeting employees. We test employees monthly to determine their susceptibility to phishing test emails, and we require susceptible employees to take additional training and provide regular reports to management.
As part of our information security program, we have adopted a Cyber Incident Response Plan (“Incident Response Plan”) which is administered by our CISO who closely coordinates with the Company’s Information Technology team. The Incident Response Plan describes the Company’s processes, procedures, and responsibilities for responding to cybersecurity incidents, and identifies those team members responsible for assessing potential security incidents, declaring an incident, and initiating a response. The Incident Response Plan outlines action steps for investigating, containing, and remediating a cybersecurity incident, and includes procedures for escalation and reporting of potentially significant cybersecurity incidents to the Company’s Senior Leadership Team, including the CEO, CFO, CRO, Head of Legal, and the Board of Directors. 
As necessary, the Company may retain a third-party firm to assist with forensic investigation and management of cybersecurity incidents
. 
Annually, our incident response team performs exercises to simulate responses to cybersecurity events. Each exercise results in lessons learned and subsequent improvement to the Incident Response Plan.
The Company conducts due diligence prior to engaging third-party service providers which have access to the Company's networks, systems, and/or customer or employee data. Risk assessments are performed using Service Organization Controls (SOC) reports, self-attestation questionnaires, and other tools. Third-party service providers are required to comply with the Company’s policies regarding non-public personal information and information security. Third parties processing non-public personal information are contractually required to meet all legal and regulatory obligations to protect customer data against security threats or unauthorized access. After contract execution, Seacoast requires critical and high-risk providers to have an ongoing monitoring plan.
While we do not believe that our business strategy, results of operations or financial condition have been materially adversely affected by any cybersecurity incidents, cybersecurity threats are pervasive, and cybersecurity risk has increased in recent years. Despite our efforts, there can be no assurance that our cybersecurity risk management processes and measures described will be fully implemented, complied with or effective in protecting our systems and information.
 We face risks from certain cybersecurity threats that, if realized, are reasonably likely to materially affect our business strategy, result of operations or financial condition. See Item 1A. “Risk Factors” for further discussion of the material risks associated with an interruption or breach in our information systems or infrastructure.
28
Cybersecurity Governance
Our Board of Directors is responsible for overseeing the Company’s business and affairs, including risks associated with cybersecurity threats. The Board oversees the Company’s corporate risk governance processes primarily through its committees, and oversight of cybersecurity threats is delegated primarily to our Information Technology Committee.
The Enterprise Risk Management Committee of the Board has primary responsibility for overseeing the Company’s comprehensive ERM program. The ERM program assists senior management in identifying, assessing, monitoring, and managing risk, including cybersecurity risk, in a rapidly changing environment. Cybersecurity matters and assessments are regularly included in both ITC and ERMC meetings.
The Board’s oversight of cybersecurity risk is supported by our 
CISO
. The CISO attends ITC and ERMC meetings and provides cybersecurity updates to these Board committees. 
The CISO also provides annual risk assessments and reports regarding the information security program to the full Board of Directors.
 Our CRO, in conjunction with our CISO, facilitates the involvement of the ITC in oversight of potentially significant cybersecurity incidents.
The Company’s CISO directs the company’s information security program and our information technology risk management. In this role, in addition to the responsibilities discussed above, the CISO supports the information security risk oversight responsibilities of the Board and its committees. The CISO is also responsible for the Company’s information technology governance, risk, and compliance program and ensures that high level risks receive appropriate attention. The Information Security team examines risks to the Company’s information systems and assets, designs and implements security solutions, monitors the environment, and provides responses to threats.
Our CISO has cybersecurity and information technology experience spanning more than 30 years. Prior experience includes serving as the CISO for a multi-national cloud hosting organization serving the legal community and several senior leadership roles in both information technology and information security at a large financial institution, Fortune 500 organizations and a large professional services firm. The CISO holds a degree in Computer Science and maintains appropriate industry certifications.