Item 1.
Business
Overview

Seacoast Banking Corporation of Florida (“Seacoast” or the “Company”) is a financial holding company, incorporated in Florida in 1983, and registered under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the “BHC Act”). Its principal subsidiary is Seacoast National Bank, a wholly-owned national banking association (“Seacoast Bank”), which commenced its operations in 1933. As of December 31, 2024, Seacoast had total consolidated assets of $15.2 billion, total deposits of $12.2 billion, total consolidated liabilities, including deposits, of $13.0 billion and consolidated shareholders’ equity of $2.2 billion.
Seacoast Bank is one of the largest banks headquartered in Florida, with an expanding presence in the state's fastest growing markets, each of which has unique characteristics and opportunities. This growth has been achieved through a balanced strategy consisting of organic growth and opportunistic acquisitions. The Company provides integrated financial services including commercial and consumer banking, wealth management, mortgage and insurance services to customers through advanced mobile and online banking solutions, and through Seacoast Bank's network of 77 full-service branches.
The Company’s legal structure includes wholly-owned subsidiaries through which the Company manages investments and foreclosed properties. Through one of these subsidiaries, Seacoast Bank has a controlling interest in a REIT. Unrelated investors own a non-controlling interest in the preferred stock of the REIT. Seacoast Bank provides brokerage and annuity services through an affiliation with a third party broker/dealer, LPL Financial. Seacoast Insurance Services, Inc. and Nature Coast Insurance, Inc., each a wholly-owned subsidiary of Seacoast, facilitate access for the Company to provide customers with a range of insurance products. The Company also operates seven trusts, formed for the purpose of issuing trust preferred securities, as described in "Note 9 - Borrowings” in Item 8 of this Form 10-K.
Available Information
The Company's principal offices are located at 815 Colorado Avenue, Stuart, Florida 34994, and the telephone number at that address is (772) 287-4000. The Company and Seacoast Bank maintain websites at 
www.seacoastbanking.com
 and 
www.seacoastbank.com
, respectively. The information on these websites is not part of this report and neither of these websites nor the information appearing on these websites is included or incorporated in this report.
Seacoast makes available, free of charge on its corporate website, its Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC.
Also available on the Company's website are its Code of Conduct, Corporate Governance Guidelines, the charter of each active committee of the Board of Directors, and other materials outlining the Company's corporate governance practices.
Market and Competition
Seacoast operates in a highly competitive environment, and Seacoast Bank's competition includes not only other banks, but also various other non-bank financial institutions, including savings and loan associations, credit unions, mortgage companies, personal and commercial financial companies, peer-to-peer lending businesses, financial technology companies, investment brokerage and financial advisory firms and mutual fund companies. Seacoast Bank competes for deposits, commercial, fiduciary and investment services and various types of loans and other financial services. Seacoast Bank also competes for interest-bearing funds with other financial intermediaries, including brokerage and insurance firms, as well as investment alternatives, including mutual funds, governmental and corporate bonds, and other securities. Continued consolidation, rapid technological changes, and regulatory developments within the financial services industry will likely change the nature and intensity of Seacoast's competition in the financial services sector, but should also create opportunities for the Company to demonstrate and leverage its competitive advantages.
Competitors include not only financial institutions based in Florida, but also large out-of-state and foreign banks, bank holding companies and other financial institutions that have an established market presence in Florida or that offer internet-based products. Many of the Company's competitors are engaged in local, regional, national and international operations and have greater assets, personnel and other resources. Some of these competitors are subject to less regulation and/or more favorable tax treatment. Many of these institutions have greater resources, broader geographic markets and higher lending limits, and may offer services that the Company does not offer. In addition, these institutions may be able to better afford and make broader use of media advertising, support services, and electronic and other technology. To offset these potential competitive disadvantages, the Company depends on its reputation for superior service, ability to make credit and other business decisions quickly, and the delivery of an integrated distribution of traditional branches and bankers, with digital technology.
6
Human Capital
As of December 31, 2024, the Company and its subsidiaries employed 1,504 full time-equivalent employees. Our associates are not represented by a collective bargaining agreement, and we believe our relationship with our associates is strong.
Professional Development and Employee Engagement
Seacoast offers comprehensive training and development programs to provide professional growth opportunities and career paths for our associates, and offers tuition reimbursement to promote continued professional education. The Seacoast Manager Excellence Program supports associates as they progress from individual contributor to manager, focusing on creating purpose, driving results, developing talent, and leading change. To ensure that we are meeting associates’ expectations, we conduct an Employee Engagement Survey each year. The results of the survey and the process of continuous improvement are discussed with the Board at least annually. In 2024, 95% of associates participated in the annual engagement survey, with an overall associate engagement score of 84%, which is 13 percentage points higher than similarly-sized companies, nine percentage points higher than the Banking industry and eight percentage points higher than the Finance industry benchmarks.
Associate Health and Well-Being
We strive to offer competitive compensation and employee benefits including, among others, paid vacation time, medical, dental and vision insurance benefits, a 401(k) plan with company match, and an employee stock purchase plan. Seacoast also provides associates with access to a variety of resources to address personal and financial health and wellness. Comprehensive Employee Assistance Plan resources are accessible to all associates, addressing a wide range of topics from substance abuse to child and elder care resources. Associates are encouraged to balance their physical fitness with their work life, with a Company reimbursement for a portion of fitness center memberships. We also offer financial planning resources for help with student debt, retirement planning and one-on-one financial planning sessions to all associates.
Supervision and Regulation
The Company is extensively regulated under federal and state law. The following is a brief summary that does not purport to be a complete description of all regulations that affect the Company or all aspects of those regulations. This discussion is qualified in its entirety by reference to the particular statutory and regulatory provisions described below and is not intended to be an exhaustive description of the statutes or regulations applicable to the Company’s and Seacoast Bank’s business. In addition, proposals to change the laws and regulations governing the banking industry are frequently raised at both the state and federal levels. The likelihood and timing of any changes in these laws and regulations, and the impact such changes may have on the Company and Seacoast Bank, are difficult to predict. In addition, bank regulatory agencies may issue enforcement actions, policy statements, interpretive letters and similar written guidance applicable to the Company or Seacoast Bank. Changes in applicable laws, regulations or regulatory guidance, or their interpretation by regulatory agencies or courts may have a material adverse effect on the Company's and Seacoast Bank’s business, operations, and earnings. Supervision and regulation of banks, their holding companies and affiliates is intended primarily for the protection of depositors and customers, the Deposit Insurance Fund of the FDIC, and the U.S. banking and financial system rather than protection for the holders of the Company's capital stock.
Regulation of the Company: 
The Company is registered as a bank holding company with the Federal Reserve Bank under the BHC Act and has elected to be a financial holding company. As such, the Company is subject to comprehensive supervision and regulation by the Federal Reserve and to its regulatory reporting requirements. Federal law subjects financial holding companies, such as Seacoast, to particular restrictions on the types of activities in which they may engage, and to a range of supervisory requirements and activities, including regulatory enforcement actions for violations of laws and regulations. Violations of laws and regulations, or other unsafe and unsound practices, may lead to regulatory agencies imposing fines or penalties, cease and desist orders, or taking other enforcement actions. Under certain circumstances, these agencies may enforce these remedies directly against officers, directors, employees and other parties participating in the affairs of a bank or bank holding company.
If we become subject to and are unable to comply with the terms of any future regulatory actions or directives, supervisory agreements, or orders, then we could become subject to additional, heightened supervisory actions and orders, possibly including consent orders, prompt corrective action restrictions and/or other regulatory actions, including prohibitions on the payment of dividends on our common and preferred stock. If our regulators were to take such additional supervisory actions, then we could, among other things, become subject to significant restrictions on our ability to develop any new business, as well as restrictions on our existing business, and we could be required to raise additional capital, dispose of certain assets and liabilities within a prescribed period of time, or both. The terms of any such supervisory action could have a material negative effect on our business, reputation, operating flexibility, financial condition, and the value of our common stock.
7
Activity Limitations: 
As a financial holding company, Seacoast is permitted to engage directly or indirectly in a broader range of activities than those permitted for a bank holding company. Bank holding companies are generally restricted to engaging in the business of banking, managing or controlling banks and certain other activities determined by the Federal Reserve to be closely related to banking. Financial holding companies may also engage in activities that are considered to be financial in nature, as well as those incidental or, if so determined by the FRB, complementary to financial activities. The Company and Seacoast Bank must each remain “well-capitalized” and “well-managed” and Seacoast Bank must receive a Community Reinvestment Act rating of at least “Satisfactory” at its most recent examination in order for the Company to maintain its status as a financial holding company. In addition, the FRB has the power to order a financial holding company or its subsidiaries to terminate any non-banking activity or terminate its ownership or control of any non-bank subsidiary, when it has reasonable cause to believe that continuation of such activity or such ownership or control constitutes a serious risk to the financial safety, soundness, or stability of any bank subsidiary of that financial holding company. As further described below, each of the Company and Seacoast Bank is well-capitalized as of December 31, 2024, and Seacoast Bank achieved a rating of “Outstanding” in its most recent CRA evaluation.
Source of Strength Obligations: 
As a bank holding company, we are required to act as a source of financial and managerial strength to Seacoast Bank and to maintain resources adequate to support it. The term “source of financial strength” means the ability to provide financial assistance in the event of financial distress. As regulator of Seacoast Bank, the OCC may require reports from the Company to assess its ability to serve as a source of strength and the FRB may enforce compliance with the source of strength requirements and require the Company to provide financial assistance to Seacoast Bank in the event of financial distress.
Acquisitions:
 The BHC Act permits acquisitions of banks by bank holding companies, such that Seacoast and any other bank holding company, whether located in Florida or elsewhere, may acquire a bank located in any other state, subject to certain deposit-percentages, age of bank charter requirements, and other restrictions. The BHC Act requires that a bank holding company obtain the prior approval of the FRB before (i) acquiring direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 5% of the voting shares of any additional bank or bank holding company, (ii) taking any action that causes an additional bank or bank holding company to become a subsidiary of the bank holding company, or (iii) merging or consolidating with any other bank holding company. The FRB may not approve any such transaction that would result in a monopoly or would be in furtherance of any combination or conspiracy to monopolize or attempt to monopolize the business of banking in any section of the United States, or the effect of which may be substantially to lessen competition or to tend to create a monopoly in any section of the country, or that in any other manner would be in restraint of trade, unless the anticompetitive effects of the proposed transaction are clearly outweighed in the public interest by the probable effect of the transaction meeting the convenience and needs of the community to be served. The FRB is also required to consider: (1) the financial and managerial resources of the companies involved, including pro forma capital ratios; (2) the risk to the stability of the United States banking or financial system; (3) the convenience and needs of the communities to be served, including performance under the CRA; and (4) the effectiveness of the companies in combating money laundering.
Change in Control:
 Federal law restricts the amount of voting stock of a bank holding company or a bank that a person may acquire without the prior approval of banking regulators. Under the Change in Bank Control Act and the regulations thereunder, a person or group must give advance notice to the FRB before acquiring control of any bank holding company, such as Seacoast, and the OCC before acquiring control of any national bank, such as Seacoast Bank. Upon receipt of such notice, the bank regulatory agencies may approve or disapprove the acquisition. The Change in Bank Control Act creates a rebuttable presumption of control if a person or group acquires the power to vote 10% or more of the Company's outstanding common stock. The overall effect of such laws is to make it more difficult to acquire a bank holding company and a bank by tender offer or similar means than it might be to acquire control of another type of corporation. Consequently, shareholders of the Company may be less likely to benefit from the rapid increases in stock prices that may result from tender offers or similar efforts to acquire control of other companies. Investors should be aware of these requirements when acquiring shares of the Company's stock.
Governance and Financial Reporting Obligations:
 Seacoast is required to comply with various corporate governance and financial reporting requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as well as rules and regulations adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, and the NASDAQ Global Select Market stock exchange. In particular, the Company is required to include management and independent registered public accounting firm reports on internal controls as part of its Annual Report on Form 10-K in order to comply with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The Company has evaluated its controls, including compliance with the SEC rules on internal controls, and has and expects to continue to spend significant amounts of time and money on compliance with these rules. Failure to comply with these internal control rules may materially adversely affect the Company's reputation, its ability to obtain the necessary certifications to financial statements, and the value of the Company's securities. The assessments of the Company's financial reporting controls as of December 31, 2024 are included in this report under “Item 9A. Controls and Procedures.”
8
Corporate Governance:
 The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act addressed many investor protection, corporate governance, and executive compensation matters that affect most U.S. publicly traded companies. The Dodd-Frank Act: (1) granted shareholders of U.S. publicly traded companies an advisory vote on executive compensation; (2) enhanced independence requirements for Compensation Committee members; and (3) required companies listed on national securities exchanges to adopt incentive-based compensation claw-back policies for executive officers.
Incentive Compensation:
 The Dodd-Frank Act required the banking agencies and the SEC to establish joint rules or guidelines for financial institutions with more than $1 billion in assets, which prohibit incentive compensation arrangements that the agencies determine to encourage inappropriate risks by the institution. The federal banking agencies issued proposed rules in 2011 and issued guidance on sound incentive compensation policies. In 2016, the federal banking agencies also proposed rules that would, depending upon the assets of the institution, directly regulate incentive compensation arrangements and would require enhanced oversight and recordkeeping. In May 2024, these proposed rules were reintroduced, with public comment requested. As of December 31, 2024, these rules have not been implemented. The Company and Seacoast Bank have undertaken efforts to ensure that their incentive compensation plans do not encourage inappropriate risks and that policies are in place to provide for recovery (i.e., "clawback") of erroneously awarded incentive compensation, consistent with three key principles: that incentive compensation arrangements should appropriately balance risk and financial rewards, be compatible with effective controls and risk management, and be supported by strong corporate governance.
Shareholder Say-On-Pay Votes:
 The Dodd-Frank Act requires public companies to provide shareholders with an advisory vote on executive compensation (known as say-on-pay votes), the frequency of a say-on-pay vote, and the golden parachutes available to executives in connection with change-in-control transactions. Public companies must give shareholders the opportunity to vote on say-on-pay proposals at least every three years and the opportunity to vote on the frequency of say-on-pay votes at least every six years, indicating whether the say-on-pay vote should be held annually, biennially, or triennially. The Company has annually included in the proxy statement a separate advisory vote on the compensation paid to executives. The say-on-pay, the say-on-parachute and the say-on-frequency votes are advisory and explicitly nonbinding and cannot override a decision of the Company's Board of Directors.
Volcker Rule: 
Section 13 of the BHC Act, commonly referred to as the “Volcker Rule,” generally prohibits banking organizations with greater than $10 billion in assets from (i) engaging in certain proprietary trading, and (ii) acquiring or retaining an ownership interest in or sponsoring a “covered fund,” all subject to certain exceptions. The Volcker Rule also specifies certain limited activities in which bank holding companies and their subsidiaries may continue to engage and requires banking organizations to implement compliance programs. The Company became subject to the Volcker Rule effective January 1, 2024, and this had no material effect on the Company's activities or operations.
Other Regulatory Matters:
 The Company and its subsidiaries are also subject to oversight by the SEC, the PCAOB, the NASDAQ stock exchange and various state securities and insurance regulators. The Company and its subsidiaries have from time to time received requests for information from regulatory authorities in various states, including state attorneys general, securities regulators and other regulatory authorities, concerning business practices. Such requests are considered incidental to the normal conduct of business.
Capital Requirements: 
The Company and Seacoast Bank are required under federal law to maintain certain minimum capital levels based on ratios of capital to total assets and capital to risk-weighted assets. The required capital ratios are minimums, and the FRB and OCC may determine that a banking organization, based on its size, complexity or risk profile, must maintain a higher level of capital in order to operate in a safe and sound manner. Risks such as concentration of credit risks and the risk arising from non-traditional activities, as well as the institution’s exposure to a decline in the economic value of its capital due to changes in interest rates, and an institution’s ability to manage those risks are important factors that are to be taken into account in assessing an institution’s overall capital adequacy. The following is a brief description of the relevant provisions of these capital rules and their potential impact on the Company's and Seacoast Bank's capital levels.
The Company and Seacoast Bank are subject to the following risk-based capital ratios: a CET1 risk-based capital ratio, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio, which includes CET1 and additional Tier 1 capital, and a total risk-based capital ratio, which includes Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital. CET1 is primarily comprised of the sum of common stock instruments and related surplus net of treasury stock, plus retained earnings, and certain qualifying minority interests, less certain adjustments and deductions, including with respect to goodwill, intangible assets, mortgage servicing assets and deferred tax assets subject to temporary timing differences. Additional Tier 1 capital is primarily comprised of noncumulative perpetual preferred stock, tier 1 minority interests and grandfathered trust preferred securities. Tier 2 capital consists of instruments disqualified from Tier 1 capital, including qualifying subordinated debt, other preferred stock and certain hybrid capital instruments, and a limited amount of loan loss reserves up to a maximum of 1.25% of risk-weighted assets, subject to certain eligibility criteria. The capital rules also define the risk-weights assigned to assets and off-balance sheet items to determine the risk-weighted asset components of the 
9
risk-based capital rules, including, for example, “high volatility” commercial real estate, past due assets, structured securities and equity holdings.
The leverage capital ratio, which serves as a minimum capital standard, is the ratio of Tier 1 capital to quarterly average total consolidated assets net of goodwill, certain other intangible assets, and certain required deduction items. The required minimum leverage ratio for all banks and bank holding companies is 4%.
In addition, the capital rules require a capital conservation buffer of 2.5% above each of the minimum risk-based capital ratio requirements (CET1, Tier 1 and total risk-based capital), which is designed to absorb losses during periods of economic stress. These buffer requirements must be met for a bank or bank holding company to be able to pay dividends, engage in share buybacks or make discretionary bonus payments to executive management without restriction.
The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991, among other things, requires the federal bank regulatory agencies to take “prompt corrective action” regarding depository institutions that do not meet minimum capital requirements. FDICIA establishes five regulatory capital tiers: “well-capitalized,” “adequately capitalized,” “undercapitalized,” “significantly undercapitalized,” and “critically undercapitalized.” A depository institution’s capital tier will depend upon how its capital levels compare to various relevant capital measures and certain other factors, as established by regulation. FDICIA imposes progressively more restrictive restraints on operations, management and capital distributions, depending on the category in which an institution is classified. FDICIA generally prohibits a depository institution from making any capital distribution (including payment of a dividend) or paying any management fee to its holding company if the depository institution would thereafter be undercapitalized.
Seacoast Bank is subject to minimum ratios to be considered well-capitalized. The FRB has not yet revised the well-capitalized standard for bank holding companies to reflect the higher capital requirements imposed under the current capital rules. For purposes of the FRB’s Regulation Y, including determining whether a bank holding company meets the requirements to be a financial holding company, bank holding companies, such as the Company, must maintain a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 6.0% or greater and a total risk-based capital ratio of 10.0% or greater to be well-capitalized. If the FRB were to apply the same or a similar well-capitalized standard to bank holding companies as that applicable to Seacoast Bank, the Company’s capital ratios as of December 31, 2024 would exceed such revised well-capitalized standard. Also, the FRB may require bank holding companies, including the Company, to maintain capital ratios substantially in excess of mandated minimum levels, depending upon general economic conditions and a bank holding company’s particular condition, risk profile and growth plans.
Failure to be well-capitalized or to meet minimum capital requirements could result in certain mandatory and possible additional discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have an adverse material effect on the operations or financial condition of the Company or Seacoast Bank. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements could also result in restrictions on the Company’s or Seacoast Bank’s ability to pay dividends or otherwise distribute capital or to receive regulatory approval of applications or other restrictions on growth.
In 2024, the Company’s and Seacoast Bank’s regulatory capital ratios were above the well-capitalized standards and met the capital conservation buffer as of December 31, 2024. Based on current estimates, we believe that the Company and Seacoast Bank will continue to exceed all applicable well-capitalized regulatory capital requirements and the capital conservation buffer in 2025. As of December 31, 2024, the consolidated capital ratios of Seacoast and Seacoast Bank were as follows:
Seacoast
(Consolidated)
Seacoast
Bank
Minimum to be
Well-Capitalized
1
Total Risk-Based Capital Ratio
16.18 %
15.30 %
10.00 %
Tier 1 Capital Ratio
14.81
14.13
8.00
CET1 Capital Ratio
14.15
14.13
6.50
Leverage Ratio
11.19
10.66
5.00
1
For subsidiary bank only

Payment of Dividends: 
The Company is a legal entity separate and distinct from Seacoast Bank and its other subsidiaries. The Company's primary source of cash is dividends from Seacoast Bank. The prior approval of the OCC is required if the total of all dividends declared by a national bank (such as Seacoast Bank) in any calendar year will exceed the sum of such bank’s net profits for that year and its retained net profits for the preceding two calendar years, less any required transfers to surplus. Federal law also prohibits any national bank from paying dividends that would be greater than such bank’s undivided profits after deducting statutory bad debts in excess of such bank’s allowance for possible loan losses.
10
In addition, the Company and Seacoast Bank are subject to various general regulatory policies and requirements relating to the payment of dividends, including requirements to maintain adequate capital above regulatory minimums. The appropriate federal bank regulatory authority may prohibit the payment of dividends where it has determined that the payment of dividends would be an unsafe or unsound practice. The OCC and the FRB have indicated that paying dividends that deplete a bank’s capital base to an inadequate level would be an unsound and unsafe banking practice. The OCC and the FRB have each indicated that depository institutions and their holding companies should generally pay dividends only out of current operating earnings.
In accordance with FRB policy, the Board of Directors of a bank holding company must consider different factors to ensure that its dividend level is prudent relative to maintaining a strong financial position, and is not based on overly optimistic earnings scenarios, such as potential events that could affect its ability to pay, while still maintaining a strong financial position. As a general matter, the FRB has indicated that the Board of Directors of a bank holding company should consult with the FRB and eliminate, defer or significantly reduce the bank holding company’s dividends if:
•
its net income available to shareholders for the past four quarters, net of dividends previously paid during that period, is not sufficient to fully fund the dividends;
•
its prospective rate of earnings retention is not consistent with its capital needs and overall current and prospective financial condition; or
•
it will not meet, or is in danger of not meeting, its minimum regulatory capital adequacy ratios.
The Company has historically relied upon dividends from Seacoast Bank and securities offerings to provide funds to pay the Company’s expenses and to service the Company’s debt. During the year ended December 31, 2024, Seacoast Bank distributed $59.6 million to the Company. During the year ended December 31, 2023, Seacoast Bank distributed $40.7 million to the Company. Prior approval by the OCC is required if the total of all dividends declared by a national bank in any calendar year exceeds the bank’s profits for that year combined with its retained net profits for the preceding two calendar years. Under this restriction Seacoast Bank is eligible to distribute dividends up to $188.9 million to the Company, without prior OCC approval, as of December 31, 2024.
It is the policy of the FRB that bank holding companies should pay cash dividends on common stock only on income available during the past year, only if prospective earnings retention is consistent with the organization's expected future needs and financial condition, and only if the level of cash dividends does not undermine the bank holding company's ability to serve as a source of strength to its banking subsidiary. The Company has paid quarterly dividends since the second quarter of 2021. Whether the Company continues to pay quarterly dividends and the amount of any such dividends will be at the discretion of the Company's Board of Directors and will depend on the Company's earnings, financial condition, results of operations, business prospects, capital requirements, regulatory restrictions, and other factors that the Board of Directors may deem relevant.
Regulation of the Bank: 
As a national bank, Seacoast Bank is subject to comprehensive supervision and regulation by the OCC and is subject to its regulatory reporting requirements. Additionally, Seacoast Bank also is subject to certain FRB and FDIC regulations.
Seacoast Bank meets the definition of a “large institution” and is subject to direct supervision by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau for compliance with a wide range of consumer compliance laws, and for assessment of the effectiveness of the Bank's compliance management system. In addition, the Dodd-Frank Act permits states to adopt consumer protection laws and regulations that are stricter than those regulations promulgated by the CFPB, and state attorneys general are permitted to enforce certain federal consumer financial protection law.
Broadly, regulations applicable to Seacoast Bank include limitations on loans to a single borrower and to its directors, officers and employees; restrictions on the opening and closing of branch offices; the maintenance of required capital ratios; the granting of credit under equal and fair conditions; the disclosure of the costs and terms of such credit; requirements to maintain reserves against deposits and loans; limitations on the types of investments that may be made by Seacoast Bank; and requirements governing risk management practices. Seacoast Bank is permitted under federal law to open a branch on a de novo basis across state lines where the laws of that state would permit a bank chartered by that state to open a de novo branch.
Transactions with Affiliates and Insiders: 
Seacoast Bank is subject to restrictions on extensions of credit and certain other transactions between Seacoast Bank and the Company or any non-bank affiliate. Generally, these covered transactions with either the Company or any affiliate are limited to 10% of Seacoast Bank’s capital and surplus, and all such transactions between Seacoast Bank and the Company and all of its non-bank affiliates combined are limited to 20% of Seacoast Bank’s capital and surplus. Loans and other extensions of credit from Seacoast Bank to the Company or any affiliate generally are required to be 
11
secured by eligible collateral in specified amounts. In addition, any transaction between Seacoast Bank and the Company or any affiliate are required to be on an arm’s length basis. Federal banking laws also place similar restrictions on certain extensions of credit by insured banks, such as Seacoast Bank, to their directors, executive officers and principal shareholders.
Reserves: 
FRB rules require depository institutions, such as Seacoast Bank, to maintain reserves against their transaction accounts, primarily interest-bearing and noninterest-bearing checking accounts. Reserve requirement ratios were reduced to zero percent in March 2020, and are subject to annual adjustment by the FRB.
FDIC Insurance Assessments and Depositor Preference: 
Seacoast Bank’s deposits are insured by the FDIC’s DIF up to the limits under applicable law, which currently are set at $250,000 per depositor, per insured bank, for each account ownership category. Seacoast Bank is subject to FDIC assessments for its deposit insurance. The FDIC calculates quarterly deposit insurance assessments based on an institution’s average total consolidated assets less its average tangible equity, and applies one of four risk categories determined by reference to its capital levels, supervisory ratings, and certain other factors. The assessment rate schedule can change from time to time, at the discretion of the FDIC, subject to certain limits.
The Federal Deposit Insurance Act requires the FDIC to adopt a restoration plan when the DIF reserve ratio falls below the statutory minimum of 1.35% or is expected to within six months. Such a plan was adopted by the FDIC in 2020 to restore the DIF to at least 1.35% by September 30, 2028. In 2022, based on projections indicating that achievement of the statutory minimum reserve ratio within the required timeframe was at risk, the FDIC amended the restoration plan and increased initial base deposit insurance assessment rates by two basis points, beginning in the first quarter of 2023. In response to the bank failures in early 2023, the FDIC implemented a special assessment to recover the losses to the DIF. The base for the special assessment was equal to an insured depository institution’s estimated uninsured deposits reported as of December 31, 2022, adjusted to exclude the first $5 billion. As Seacoast Bank did not have more than $5 billion in uninsured deposits at the measurement date, it was not subject to the special assessment.
Deposit insurance may be terminated by the FDIC upon a finding that the institution has engaged in unsafe and unsound practices, is in an unsafe or unsound condition to continue operations, or has violated any applicable law, regulation, rule, order or condition imposed by a bank’s federal regulatory agency. In addition, the Federal Deposit Insurance Act provides that, in the event of the liquidation or other resolution of an insured depository institution, the claims of depositors of the institution, including the claims of the FDIC on behalf of insured depositors, and certain claims for administrative expenses of the FDIC as a receiver, will have priority over other general unsecured claims against the institution, including those of the parent bank holding company.
Standards for Safety and Soundness: 
The Federal Deposit Insurance Act requires the federal bank regulatory agencies to prescribe, by regulation or guideline, operational and managerial standards for all insured depository institutions relating to: (1) internal controls; (2) information systems and audit systems; (3) loan documentation; (4) credit underwriting; (5) interest rate risk exposure; and (6) asset quality.

The federal banking agencies have adopted regulations and Interagency Guidelines Establishing Standards for Safety and Soundness to implement these required standards. These guidelines set forth the safety and soundness standards used to identify and address problems at insured depository institutions before capital becomes impaired. Under the regulations, if a regulator determines that a bank fails to meet any standards prescribed by the guidelines, the regulator may require the bank to submit an acceptable plan to achieve compliance, consistent with deadlines for the submission and review of such safety and soundness compliance plans.
Anti-Money Laundering:
 A continued focus of governmental policy relating to financial institutions in recent years has been combating money laundering and terrorist financing. Title III of the USA PATRIOT Act requires that regulated banks such as Seacoast Bank: (i) establish an anti-money laundering program that includes training and audit components; (ii) comply with regulations regarding the verification of the identity of any person seeking to open an account; (iii) take additional required precautions with non-U.S. owned accounts; and (iv) perform certain verification and certification of money laundering risk for their foreign correspondent banking relationships. Failure of a financial institution to comply with the USA PATRIOT Act’s requirements could have serious legal and reputational consequences for the institution.
Bank regulators routinely examine institutions for compliance with these obligations and have been active in imposing cease and desist and other regulatory orders and money penalty sanctions against institutions found to be violating these obligations. On January 1, 2021, Congress passed federal legislation that made sweeping changes to federal anti-money laundering laws, subject to pending implementation by regulatory rulemaking, and on June 30, 2021 FinCEN published the first set of “national AML priorities,” as required by the Bank Secrecy Act, which include, but are not limited to, cybercrime, terrorist financing, fraud, and drug/human trafficking. FinCEN is required to implement regulations to specify how covered financial institutions, such as the Company, should incorporate these national priorities into their AML programs. As of December 31, 2024, no such regulations have been proposed.
12
Economic Sanctions:
 The Office of Foreign Assets Control is responsible for helping to ensure that U.S. entities do not engage in transactions with certain prohibited parties, as defined by various Executive Orders and acts of Congress. OFAC publishes, and routinely updates, lists of names of persons and organizations suspected of aiding, harboring or engaging in terrorist acts, including the Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List. If the Company finds a name on any transaction, account or wire transfer that is on an OFAC list, it must undertake certain specified activities, which could include blocking or freezing the account or transaction requested, and it must notify the appropriate authorities.
Concentrations in Lending:
 In 2006, the federal bank regulatory agencies released guidance on “Concentrations in Commercial Real Estate Lending” (the “Guidance”) and advised financial institutions of the risks posed by CRE lending concentrations.

The Guidance requires that appropriate processes be in place to identify, monitor and control risks associated with real estate lending concentrations. Higher allowances for credit losses and capital levels may also be required. The Guidance is triggered when commercial real estate loan concentrations exceed either:
•
Total reported loans for construction, land development, and other land of 100% or more of a bank’s total risk-based capital; or
•
Total reported loans secured by multifamily and non-farm nonresidential properties and loans for construction, land development, and other land of 300% or more of a bank’s total risk-based capital.
The Guidance also applies when a bank has a sharp increase in commercial real estate loans or has significant concentrations of commercial real estate secured by a particular property type. Seacoast Bank has exposures to loans secured by commercial real estate due to the nature of its markets and the loan needs of both its retail and commercial customers. Seacoast Bank believes that its long-term experience in commercial real estate lending, underwriting policies, internal controls, and other policies currently in place, as well as its loan and credit monitoring and administration procedures, are generally appropriate to managing its concentrations as required under the Guidance. At December 31, 2024, Seacoast Bank's construction and land development loans represented approximately 38% of total risk-based capital, well below the Guidance’s threshold. At December 31, 2024, the total commercial real estate exposure for Seacoast Bank represented approximately 237% of total risk- based capital, also below the Guidance’s threshold.
Debit Interchange Fees:
 Interchange fees, or “swipe” fees, are fees that merchants pay to card companies and card-issuing banks such as Seacoast Bank for processing electronic payment transactions on their behalf. The “Durbin Amendment” in the Dodd-Frank Act limits the amount of debit card interchange fees that may be received or charged by the debit card issuer, and is applicable to insured depository institutions with $10 billion or more in assets (inclusive of affiliates) as of the end of the previous calendar year. The limitations specified by the Durbin Amendment became effective for Seacoast Bank on July 1, 2023.
On October 25, 2023, the FRB issued a proposed rule that would reduce the amount of debit card interchange fees received by debit card issuers. In addition, the proposed rule would allow for an update to the debit card interchange fee cap every other year based on an analysis of certain costs incurred by debit card issuers. If the rule is adopted as currently proposed, it would result in a further reduction to Seacoast Bank's debit card interchange fees.
Community Reinvestment Act:
 Seacoast Bank is subject to the provisions of the CRA, which imposes a continuing and affirmative obligation, consistent with safe and sound operation, to help meet the credit needs of entire communities where the bank accepts deposits, including low- and moderate-income neighborhoods. The OCC’s assessment of Seacoast Bank’s CRA record is made available to the public. Following the enactment of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, CRA agreements with private parties must be disclosed and annual CRA reports must be made to a bank’s primary federal regulator. A bank holding company is not permitted to become or remain a financial holding company and no new activities authorized under GLBA may be commenced by a holding company or by a bank financial subsidiary if any of its bank subsidiaries receive less than a “Satisfactory” CRA rating in its latest CRA examination. Federal CRA regulations require, among other things, that evidence of discrimination against applicants on a prohibited basis, and illegal or abusive lending practices be considered in the CRA evaluation. Seacoast Bank has a rating of "Outstanding" in its most recent CRA evaluation.
On October 24, 2023, the OCC, the FRB, and FDIC issued a final rule to modernize their respective CRA regulations. The revised rules substantially alter the methodology for assessing compliance with the CRA, with material aspects taking effect January 1, 2026 and revised data reporting requirements taking effect January 1, 2027. Among other things, the revised rules evaluate lending outside traditional assessment areas generated by the growth of non-branch delivery systems, such as online and mobile banking, apply a metrics-based benchmarking approach to assessment, and clarify eligible CRA activities. The final rules were challenged in federal court and a preliminary injunction was granted in March 2024 enjoining implementation of the rules. The effective dates will be extended for each day the injunction remains in place, pending the resolution of the lawsuit.
13
If the final rules are reinstated, they are likely to make it more challenging and/or costly for the Bank to receive a rating of at least "Satisfactory" on its CRA exam.
Privacy and Data Security:
 The GLBA generally prohibits disclosure of consumer information to non-affiliated third parties unless the consumer has been given the opportunity to object and has not objected to such disclosure. Financial institutions are further required to disclose their privacy policies to customers annually. Financial institutions, however, will be required to comply with state law if it is more protective of consumer privacy than the GLBA. The GLBA also directs federal regulators, including the FDIC and the OCC, to prescribe standards for the security of consumer information. Seacoast Bank is subject to such standards, as well as standards for notifying customers in the event of a security breach. Seacoast Bank is similarly required to have an information security program to safeguard the confidentiality and security of customer information and to ensure proper disposal. Customers must be notified when unauthorized disclosure involves sensitive customer information that may be misused. The federal banking agencies also require banks to notify their regulators within 36 hours of a “computer-security incident” that rises to the level of a “notification incident.”
Consumer Regulation:
 Activities of Seacoast Bank are subject to a variety of statutes and regulations designed to protect consumers. These laws and regulations include, among numerous other things, provisions that:
•
limit the interest and other charges collected or contracted for by Seacoast Bank;
•
govern Seacoast Bank’s disclosures of credit terms to consumer borrowers;
•
require Seacoast Bank to provide information to enable the public and public officials to determine whether it is fulfilling its obligation to help meet the housing needs of the community it serves;
•
prohibit Seacoast Bank from discriminating on the basis of race, creed or other prohibited factors when it makes decisions to extend credit;
•
govern the manner in which Seacoast Bank may collect consumer debts; and
•
prohibit unfair, deceptive or abusive acts or practices in the provision of consumer financial products and services.
In March 2023, the CFPB issued a final rule to implement Section 1071 of the Dodd-Frank Act, which requires lenders to collect, and report information about lending to "women-owned, minority-owned and small businesses." This rule is due to take effect in stages depending upon lending volume of the depository institution beginning in 2025. However, the final rule has been subject to ongoing court challenges and may be revised by the CFPB. The Bank is monitoring these developments.
In December 2024, the CFPB finalized a rule that would substantially limit overdraft fees that larger institutions such as the Bank may charge consumers, with an effective date of October 1, 2025. If implemented, this rule would impact the Bank's noninterest income. However, this rule has been challenged in court and may be revised by the CFPB. The Bank is monitoring these developments.
Mortgage Regulation:
 The CFPB adopted a rule that implements the ability-to-repay and qualified mortgage provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act (the “ATR/QM rule”), which requires lenders to consider, among other things, income, employment status, assets, payment amounts, and credit history before approving a mortgage, and provides a compliance “safe harbor” for lenders that issue certain “qualified mortgages.” The ATR/QM rule defines a “qualified mortgage” to have certain specified characteristics, and generally prohibits loans with negative amortization, interest-only payments, balloon payments, or terms exceeding 30 years from being qualified mortgages. The rule also establishes general underwriting criteria for qualified mortgages, including that monthly payments be calculated based on the highest payment that will apply in the first five years of the loan and that the borrower have a total debt-to-income ratio that is less than or equal to 43%. While “qualified mortgages” will generally be afforded safe harbor status, a rebuttable presumption of compliance with the ability-to-repay requirements will attach to “qualified mortgages” that are “higher priced mortgages” (which are generally subprime loans).
The CFPB has also issued rules to implement requirements of the Dodd-Frank Act pertaining to mortgage loan origination (including with respect to loan originator compensation and loan originator qualifications) as well as integrated mortgage disclosure rules. In addition, the CFPB has issued rules that require servicers to comply with certain standards and practices with regard to: error correction; information disclosure; force-placement of insurance; information management policies and procedures; requiring information about mortgage loss mitigation options be provided to delinquent borrowers; providing delinquent borrowers access to servicer personnel with continuity of contact about the borrower’s mortgage loan account; and evaluating borrowers’ applications for available loss mitigation options. These rules also address initial rate adjustment notices for adjustable-rate mortgages, periodic statements for residential mortgage loans, and prompt crediting of mortgage payments and response to requests for payoff amounts.
14
Non-Discrimination Policies:
 Seacoast Bank is also subject to, among other things, the provisions of the Equal Credit Opportunity Act and the Fair Housing Act, both of which prohibit discrimination based on race or color, religion, national origin, sex, and familial status in any aspect of a consumer or commercial credit or residential real estate transaction. The Department of Justice and the federal bank regulatory agencies have issued an Interagency Policy Statement on Discrimination in Lending that provides guidance to financial institutions in determining whether discrimination exists, how the agencies will respond to lending discrimination, and what steps lenders might take to prevent discriminatory lending practices.
Anti-Bribery Laws:
 Federal law prohibits offering or giving a bank official or any third party (or for the bank official to solicit or receive for himself or a third party) "anything of value" other than what is given or offered to the bank itself. Further, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act makes it unlawful to make payments to foreign government officials to assist in obtaining or retaining business. The Company and Seacoast Bank have implemented a Code of Business Ethics that governs the behavior of its officers and employees to ensure compliance with such laws.