Item 1A. Risk Factors.
Governance
The Company’s Board of Directors provides oversight of risks from cybersecurity threats through its Audit Committee.

The Company’s Chief Information Security Officer provides regular quarterly updates on material cybersecurity risks, performance and material risk related metrics, and material risk mitigation strategies. These reviews help to inform the Audit Committee, identify areas for improvement and help align the Company’s cybersecurity risk management efforts with overall enterprise risk management.
 The Audit Committee incorporates this information into its regular reporting to the Board of Directors.

The Company’s management plays a critical role in assessing and managing cybersecurity risks. 
The Newell Brands Information Security program is led by the Company’s 
Chief Information Security Officer
, a Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) with over 20 years of experience in cybersecurity gained at four global Fortune 500 companies, and the Company’s Chief Information Officer who has overseen the Company’s security function for the past 12 years.
 The Newell Brands Information Security program is governed by the Information Security Governance Committee (the “ISG Committee”), comprised of the Chief Information Security Officer (its Chair), Chief Financial Officer, Chief Legal and Administrative Officer, Chief Human Resources Officer, Chief Information Officer, and Vice President of Internal Audit and SOX. 
The ISG Committee meets quarterly to discuss material risks, material risk related metrics, and material risk mitigating strategies and conducts tabletop exercises.

In addition to the ISG Committee, Company management is informed about and monitors material cybersecurity risks and incidents through the following formal processes:
•
Newell Brands Incident Response Policy and Procedures and related response and governance protocols for high severity incidents; 
•
Periodic Information Security program presentations to leadership; and
•
Chief Information Security Officer material incident notifications to Company management, including the President and CEO.
The outputs from the management processes above are synthesized into the above-mentioned reporting to the 
Audit Committee of the Board of Directors
.