ITEM 1. BUSINESS
“Newell Brands” or the “Company” refers to Newell Brands Inc. alone or with its wholly owned subsidiaries, as the context requires. When this report uses the words “we,” “us” or “our,” it refers to the Company and its subsidiaries unless the context otherwise requires. The Company was founded in Ogdensburg, New York in 1903 and is incorporated in Delaware. 
Website Access to Securities and Exchange Commission Reports
The Company makes available free of charge on or through its website its annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”) as soon as practicable after the Company files them with, or furnishes them to, the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). The Company’s website can be found at 
www.newellbrands.com
. The information on the Company’s website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual report on Form 10-K.
GENERAL
Newell Brands is a leading global consumer goods company with a strong portfolio of well-known brands, including Rubbermaid, Sharpie, Graco, Coleman, Rubbermaid Commercial Products, Yankee Candle, Paper Mate, FoodSaver, Dymo, EXPO, Elmer’s, Oster, NUK, Spontex and Campingaz. Newell Brands is focused on delighting consumers by lighting up everyday moments. The Company sells its products in over 150 countries around the world and has operations on the ground in over 40 of these countries, excluding third-party distributors.
BUSINESS STRATEGY
Following a comprehensive assessment of key capabilities, starting in the second quarter of 2023, the leadership team began implementing an integrated set of new “where to play” and “how to win” strategies designed to enable the Company to leverage the scale of the portfolio, while further building upon its operational foundation and strengthening its front-end capabilities.
As part of its strategy, the Company is focused on:
•
Driving meaningful improvement in front-end capabilities, including consumer understanding, brand management, brand communications, innovation and go-to-market execution;
•
Disproportionately investing in the Company’s largest and most profitable brands, fastest-growing channels and key geographies;
•
Turning the Company’s scale into a competitive advantage, enabling cost savings that provide fuel for reinvestment; and
•
Transitioning to a high-performance organization as the Company transforms its culture.
The Company is implementing this strategy while continuing to address key challenges such as shifting consumer preferences and behaviors; a highly competitive operating environment; a rapidly changing retail and consumer landscape; continued macroeconomic and geopolitical volatility; a soft macro backdrop; significant inflationary pressures on consumers and an evolving regulatory landscape. 
Execution of these strategic imperatives, in combination with other initiatives aimed to build operational excellence, will better position the Company for long-term sustainable growth. One such initiative is Project Ovid which entails a multi-year, customer centric supply chain initiative which has transformed the Company’s go-to-market capabilities in the U.S., improving customer service levels and driving operational efficiencies. Project Ovid optimized the Company’s distribution network in 2022 and 2023 by creating a single integrated supply chain from 23 business-unit-centric supply chains. The initiative reduced administrative complexity, improved inventory and invoicing workflow for our customers and enhanced product availability for consumers through omni-channel enablement. This new operating model continues to drive efficiencies by better utilizing the Company’s transportation and distribution network and consolidating the number of overall distribution sites.
In May 2023, the Company announced a restructuring and cost savings initiative that was intended to simplify and streamline its North American distribution network (the “Network Optimization Project”) in order to improve the Company’s cost structure and operating margins while maintaining focus on customer and consumer fulfillment. The Network Optimization Project incorporated a variety of initiatives, including a reduction in the overall number of distribution centers, an optimization of distribution by location, and completion of select automation investments intended to further streamline the Company’s cost structure and to maximize operating performance. These actions were substantially implemented by the end of 2024. 
1
In January 2023, the Company announced a restructuring and savings initiative (“Project Phoenix”) that was intended to strengthen the Company by leveraging its scale to further reduce complexity, streamline its operating model and drive operational efficiencies. The Company commenced reducing headcount during the first quarter of 2023. Project Phoenix incorporated a variety of initiatives designed to simplify the organizational structure, streamline the Company’s real estate portfolio, centralize the Company’s supply chain functions, transition to a unified One Newell go-to-market model in key international geographies, and otherwise reduce overhead costs. These actions were substantially implemented by the end of 2023. 
In January 2024, the Company announced an organizational realignment (“Realignment Plan”), which was designed to strengthen the Company’s front-end commercial capabilities, such as consumer understanding and brand communication, in support of the “where to play” and “how to win” strategies the Company unveiled in June of 2023. In addition to improving accountability, the Realignment Plan was designed to unlock operational efficiencies and cost savings, reduce complexity and free up funds for reinvestment. As part of the Realignment Plan, the Company has made several operating model changes, which entailed: standing up a cross-functional brand management organization, realigning business unit finance to fully support the new global brand management model, further simplifying and standardizing regional go-to-market organizations, and centralizing domestic retail sales teams, the digital technology team, business-aligned accounting personnel, the Manufacturing Quality team, and the Human Resources functions into the appropriate center-led teams to drive standardization, efficiency and scale with a One Newell approach. The Company has also further optimized the Company’s real estate footprint and pursued other cost reduction initiatives. These actions were primarily implemented by the end of 2024. Remaining actions, subject to applicable local law and consultation requirements, are expected to be implemented by the end of fiscal year 2025.
In addition, the Company continues to review its operating footprint and non-core brands, which will likely result in future restructuring and restructuring-related charges.
See 
Recent Developments, Liquidity and Capital Resources
 and 
Critical Accounting Estimates
 in 
Item 7, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
 and 
Footnotes 1 and 4 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 for further information.
Organizational Structure
The Company’s three primary operating segments are as follows:
Segment
Key Brands
Description of Primary Products
Home and Commercial Solutions
Ball
(1)
, Calphalon, Crockpot, FoodSaver, Mapa, Mr. Coffee, Oster, Rubbermaid, Rubbermaid Commercial Products, Sistema, Spontex, Sunbeam, WoodWick and Yankee Candle
Commercial cleaning and maintenance solutions; closet and garage organization; hygiene systems and material handling solutions; household products, including kitchen appliances; food and home storage products; fresh preserving products; vacuum sealing products; gourmet cookware, bakeware and cutlery and home fragrance products
Learning and Development
Dymo, Elmer’s, EXPO, Graco, NUK, Paper Mate, Parker and Sharpie
Baby gear and infant care products; writing instruments, including markers and highlighters, pens and pencils; art products; activity-based products and labeling solutions
Outdoor and Recreation
Campingaz, Coleman, Contigo and Marmot
Active lifestyle products for outdoor and outdoor-related activities; technical apparel and on-the-go beverageware
(1)

and Ball®, TM of Ball Corporation, used under license.
During 2023, the Company implemented a new operating model intended to drive further simplification and unlock additional efficiencies and synergies within the Company. In connection with the new operating model, the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, who is the chief operating decision maker (the “CODM”), reviews the businesses as 
three 
operating segments: 
Home and Commercial Solutions (“H&CS”), 
Learning and Development (“L&D”) and Outdoor and Recreation (“O&R”). This structure reflects the manner in which the CODM regularly assesses information for decision-making purposes, including the allocation of resources. 
See 
Footnote 17 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 for further information.
2
Home and Commercial Solutions
The H&CS segment designs, manufactures, sources, markets and distributes a diverse line of household products, including kitchen appliances, food and home storage, fresh preserving, vacuum sealing, gourmet cookware, bakeware and cutlery and home fragrance products, as well as commercial cleaning and maintenance solutions products, closet and garage organization products, hygiene systems and material handling solutions. Kitchen appliances are primarily sold under the Crockpot, Mr. Coffee, Oster and Sunbeam brands. The Company also has rights to sell various small appliances in substantially all of Europe under the Breville brand name. Food storage products are sold primarily under the FoodSaver, Rubbermaid and Sistema brands. Gourmet cookware, bakeware and cutlery are sold under the Calphalon brand. The Company also sells certain home canning and food storage products under the Ball brand, pursuant to a license from Ball Corporation. Home fragrance products are sold primarily under the WoodWick and Yankee Candle brands. Commercial cleaning and maintenance solutions products are primarily sold under the Rubbermaid, Rubbermaid Commercial Products, Mapa and Spontex brands.
The H&CS segment primarily markets its products directly to mass merchants, warehouse clubs, home centers, department stores, drug/grocery stores, specialty retailers, discount stores, e-commerce retailers, commercial products distributors, select contract customers and other professional customers, as well as direct to consumers online and in Yankee Candle retail stores.
Learning and Development
The L&D segment designs, manufactures, sources, markets and distributes writing instruments, including markers and highlighters, pens and pencils; art products; activity-based products; labeling solutions; baby gear and infant care products. Writing instruments, activity-based products and labeling solutions products are sold primarily under the Dymo, Elmer’s, EXPO, Paper Mate, Parker and Sharpie brands. Baby gear and infant care products are sold primarily under the Graco and NUK brands.
The L&D segment primarily markets its products directly to mass merchants, warehouse clubs, department stores, drug/grocery stores, office superstores, office supply stores, contract stationers, distributors and e-commerce retailers, and direct to consumers online.
Outdoor and Recreation
The O&R segment designs, manufactures, sources, markets and distributes global consumer active lifestyle products for outdoor and outdoor-related activities, including technical apparel and on-the-go beverageware. Active lifestyle products are sold primarily under the Campingaz, Coleman, Contigo, and Marmot brands. 
The O&R segment primarily markets its products directly to warehouse clubs, department stores, grocery stores, mass merchants, sporting goods and specialty retailers, distributors and e-commerce retailers, as well as direct to consumers online. 
See
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
 for further discussion.
OTHER INFORMATION
Multi-Product Offering
The Company’s broad product offering in multiple categories permits it to meet the needs of its customers more effectively. With families of leading brand names and innovative new products, the Company can assist volume purchasers in selling a more profitable product mix. As a potential single source for an entire product line, the Company can use program merchandising to improve product presentation, optimize display space for both sales and income, and encourage impulse buying by consumers.
Raw Materials and Sourced Finished Goods
The Company has multiple foreign and domestic sources of supply for substantially all of its material requirements. The raw materials and various purchased components required for its products have generally been available in sufficient quantities, however the Company continues to monitor risks for capacity constraints around certain raw materials and finished goods driven by evolving global conditions. The Company’s product offerings require the purchase of resin, corrugate, glass, plastic, expanded polystyrene, nylon, paper, sawdust, tin plate, wax, wood, natural rubber, electrical components, glass fiber, magnesium, adhesives, various paper-related packaging materials and metals, including steel, stainless steel, aluminum and copper. The Company’s resin purchases are principally comprised of polyethylene, polypropylene and copolyester.
The Company also relies on third-party manufacturers as a source for finished goods. Historically, the Company has experienced inflation in sourced product costs due to currency fluctuations and increased input and labor costs. In some cases, a single 
3
manufacturer or a limited number of manufacturers may supply substantially all the finished goods for a product line. For example, the Baby business unit within the Company’s L&D segment has a single source of supply for products that comprise a majority of its sales and that owns the intellectual property for many of those products.
Backlog
The dollar value of unshipped orders is not material.
Seasonal Variations
Sales of the Company’s products tend to be seasonal, with sales, operating income and operating cash flow in the first quarter generally lower than any other quarter during the year, driven principally by reduced volume and the mix of products sold in the first quarter. The seasonality of the Company’s sales volume combined with the accounting for fixed costs, such as depreciation, amortization, rent, personnel costs and interest expense, impacts the Company’s results on a quarterly basis. In addition, the Company tends to generate the majority of its operating cash flow in the third and fourth quarters of the year due to seasonal variations in operating results, the timing of annual performance-based compensation payments, customer program payments, working capital requirements and credit terms provided to customers. In addition, uncertainty still remains over the volatility and direction of future consumer and customer demand patterns, as well as inflationary pressures.
Patents and Trademarks
The Company has many patents, trademarks, brand names, tradenames and other intellectual property rights that are, in the aggregate, important to its business. The Company’s most significant brands include Calphalon, Campingaz, Coleman, Contigo, Crockpot, Dymo, Elmer’s, EXPO, FoodSaver, Graco, Mapa, Marmot, Mr. Coffee, NUK, Oster, Paper Mate, Parker, Rubbermaid, Rubbermaid Commercial Products, Sharpie, Sistema, Spontex, Sunbeam, WoodWick and Yankee Candle.
Customers/Competition
The Company’s principal customers are large mass merchandisers, discount stores, home centers, warehouse clubs, office superstores, direct-to-consumer channels, specialty retailers and wholesalers, commercial distributors and e-commerce retailers. The dominant share of the market represented by large retailers, together with changes in consumer shopping patterns and the integration of brick and mortar and e-commerce operations at major retailers, has contributed to the formation of dominant multi-category omni-channel and e-commerce retailers that have strong negotiating power with suppliers. This environment may limit the Company’s ability to recover cost increases through pricing.
Current trends among retailers include fostering high levels of competition among suppliers, rebalancing and reducing inventory levels, demanding innovative new products and products tailored to each of their unique requirements and requiring suppliers to maintain or reduce product prices and deliver products with shorter lead times. Other trends, in the absence of a strong new product development effort or strong end-user demand for a brand, are for retailers to import generic products directly from foreign sources and to source and sell products under their own private label brands, which compete with the Company’s products. The combination of these market influences has created an intensely competitive environment in which the Company’s principal customers continuously evaluate which product suppliers to use, resulting in downward pricing pressures and the need for big, consumer-meaningful brands, the ongoing introduction and commercialization of innovative new products, continuing improvements in category management and customer service, and the maintenance of strong relationships with large, high-volume purchasers. The Company competes with numerous manufacturers and distributors of consumer products, many of which are large and well-established. Our Yankee Candle retail stores compete primarily with specialty candle and personal care retailers and a variety of other retailers, including department stores, gift stores and national specialty retailers that sell candles.
The Company’s principal methods of meeting its competitive challenges are creating and maintaining leading brands and differentiated products that deliver superior value and performance, delivering superior customer service and consistent on-time delivery and producing and procuring products at a competitive cost. In addition, the Company has an experienced management team that focuses on building consumer loyalty and increasing consumer demand through increased investment in consumer insights and using those insights to develop innovative products and product features that meet consumers’ needs. 
The Company has also positioned itself to respond to the competitive challenges in the retail environment by developing strong relationships with large, high-volume purchasers. The Company markets its strong multi-product offering through virtually every category of high-volume retailers, including discount, drug, grocery and variety chains; warehouse clubs; department, hardware and specialty stores; home centers; office superstores; contract stationers; and e-commerce retailers. The Company’s largest customer in 2024, Amazon, accounted for approximately 15% of net sales in 2024 and 13% in each of 2023 and 2022. Walmart Inc. and subsidiaries (“Walmart”), the Company’s second largest customer in 2024, accounted for approximately 14%, 15% and 14% of net 
4
sales in 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The Company’s top-ten customers in 2024 included in alphabetical order:

Amazon, Costco, Kroger, Lowe’s, Office Depot, Staples, Target, The Home Depot, Uline and Walmart.
Environmental Matters
Information regarding the Company’s environmental matters is included in the 
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
 and 
Results of Operations
 section and in 
Footnote 18 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 and is incorporated by reference herein.
Research and Development 
The Company’s research and development efforts focus on developing new, differentiated and innovative products to meet consumers’ needs. The Company’s product development efforts begin with consumer insights. The Company continues to invest to strengthen its product design, research and development capabilities and has consolidated its design and innovation capabilities and consumer marketing and insight capabilities into a global center of excellence to further strengthen these capabilities.
Human Capital Management
Newell Brands is committed to creating a workplace that fosters innovation, high performance and inclusion to enable sustainable business success and talent attraction, engagement and retention of required talent capabilities. 
The Company has employees located throughout the world. At December 31, 2024, the Company employed approximately 23,700 people worldwide. Approximately 3,400 were in the Asia-Pacific region, 4,400 were in the Europe, Middle East and Africa region, 5,300 were in the Latin America region and 10,600 were in the North America region. Of the Company’s total employees, approximately 14,000 were employed in manufacturing and supply chain roles. The Company’s capable employee base, along with its commitment to uncompromising values, provide the foundation for the Company’s success.
Our employees are responsible for upholding the Company’s goal of creating a safer, sustainable, productive, and consumer-focused future. The Company’s values of Integrity, Teamwork, Passion for Winning, Ownership and Leadership guide our own actions as well as our relationships with consumers, customers, suppliers and each other. They are grounded in a mission first philosophy enabling the Company to deliver results, drive long-term sustainability and promote a winning culture. The Company collectively works to create a culture and community where our employees feel their voice is heard in our ongoing progress to make a difference to our consumers around the world.
The Company deploys a talent and workforce planning strategy focused on attracting, engaging, and retaining the required talent pools and capabilities necessary to win in the market.  Our global presence and the breadth of our industry-leading iconic brand portfolio requires a multi-cultural, multi-generational workforce that reflects the array of consumers we serve. To enable our workforce to stay relentlessly focused on anticipating and meeting the needs and wants of our consumers, we guard against unfair talent practices and make decisions based on merit. Newell Brands is focused on providing career experience opportunities that encourage the development of our employees. We offer development, resources and other experiences to expand skill sets and provide support to elevate careers. There are opportunities to access coaching and mentoring. As employees progress at Newell, they will be able to gain expertise and broaden their exposure to different parts of the business. Employees can move up or laterally to access a full array of opportunities in various realms of expertise. The Company tracks and reports internally on key talent metrics including talent pipeline and succession data, and organization health engagement indices. We will continue to enhance our talent and culture measurements to further reflect our progress over 2025.
The Company believes its management team has the experience necessary to effectively execute its strategy and advance its product and technology leadership. The President and Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) and executive leadership team have deep industry experience. They partner and work closely with an experienced and talented management team who is dedicated to maintaining and expanding our position as a global leader in the consumer products industry. For discussion of the risks relating to the attraction and retention of key management and executive employees, see