Item 1. Business.

Overview

We are a medical technology company transforming organ transplant therapy for end-stage organ failure patients across multiple disease states. We developed the OCS to replace a decades-old standard of care that we believe is significantly limiting access to life-saving transplant therapy for hundreds of thousands of patients worldwide. Our innovative OCS technology replicates many aspects of the organ’s natural living and functioning environment outside of the human body. As such, the OCS represents a paradigm shift that transforms organ preservation for transplantation from a static state to a dynamic environment that enables new capabilities, including organ optimization and assessment. We have also developed our NOP, an innovative turnkey solution to provide outsourced organ procurement, OCS perfusion management and transplant logistics services, to provide transplant programs in the United States with a more efficient process to procure donor organs with the OCS. Our logistics services include aviation transportation, ground transportation, and other coordination activity. We believe the use of the OCS combined with the NOP has the potential to significantly increase the number of organ transplants and improve post-transplant outcomes.

We designed the OCS to be a platform that allows us to leverage core technologies across products for multiple organs. To date, we have developed three OCS products, one for each of heart, lung and liver transplantations, making the OCS the only FDA approved, portable, multi-organ, warm perfusion technology platform. All three of our products, OCS Heart, OCS Lung and OCS Liver, have received Pre-Market Approval, or PMA, from the FDA, for both organs donated after brain death, or DBD organs, and organs donated after circulatory death, or DCD organs.

Incidence of end-stage organ failure has been rapidly rising worldwide due to demographic trends that contribute to chronic diseases. Organ transplantation is the treatment of choice for addressing end-stage organ failure due to its positive clinical outcomes and favorable health economics. However, transplant volumes have been significantly restricted by the limitations of cold storage, the standard of care for solid organ transplantation. Cold storage is a rudimentary approach to organ preservation in which a donor organ is flushed with cold pharmaceutical solutions, placed in a plastic bag on top of ice and transported in a cooler. Cold storage subjects organs to significant injury due to a lack of oxygenated blood supply, or ischemia, does not allow physicians to assess organ viability and lacks the ability to optimize an organ’s condition once it has been retrieved from the donor. Time-dependent ischemic injury has been shown to result in short- and long-term post-transplant clinical complications and, together with the inability to assess or optimize organs, contributes to the severe underutilization of donor organs. With the use of cold storage, the majority of lungs and hearts donated after brain death go unutilized, and almost no available lungs and hearts donated after circulatory death are utilized.

We developed the OCS to comprehensively address the major limitations of cold storage. The OCS is a portable organ perfusion, optimization and monitoring system that utilizes our proprietary and customized technology to replicate near-physiologic conditions for donor organs outside of the human body. We designed the OCS technology platform to perfuse donor organs with warm, oxygenated, nutrient-enriched blood, while maintaining the organs in a living, functioning state; the lung is breathing, the heart is beating and the liver is producing bile. Because the OCS significantly reduces injurious ischemic time on donor organs as compared to cold storage and enables the optimization and assessment of donor organs, it has demonstrated improved clinical outcomes relative to cold storage and offers the potential to significantly improve donor organ utilization.

We developed the NOP to provide additional capabilities to transplant centers for the complicated organ procurement process that often requires resources and logistics beyond a transplant center’s existing capabilities and capacity, thereby limiting the number of organs the transplant center may be able to retrieve. Our NOP provides an end-to-end service offering delivering organs from anywhere in the United States on-demand directly to transplant centers leveraging our proprietary OCS technology, trained organ procurement surgeons and clinical specialists, and specially designed and dedicated air and ground transport logistics network. Our end-to-end service offering is necessary to ensure: (i) the successful execution of procuring and delivering healthy organs; (ii) the availability of the necessary surgical and clinical resources; (iii) that the highest transportation safety standards are met; (iv) the sharing of cost efficiencies and reducing cost burden of DCD donors that do not progress to become donors; and (v) the increased access to donor organs that are historically unutilized, all of which combine to make certain that TransMedics is able to provide the highest quality of service to transplant recipients, increasing the likelihood of success in the transplant process for each individual, and ultimately increasing the number of organs transplanted each year in the United States. Since 2023, we have offered logistics services through our NOP, including aviation transportation, ground transportation, and other coordination activity that is capable of arranging procurement missions on limited notice and at various hours of the day. Our NOP provides transplant centers with the

3

ability to utilize the OCS to procure and transplant more organs for their patients than they would otherwise be able to do without increasing their own staff.

In August 2023, we acquired Summit Aviation, Inc. and Northside Property Group, LLC, or together Summit. Summit was a charter flight operator based in Bozeman, Montana. The acquisition enabled us to add aircraft transportation services to our NOP and become a comprehensive national provider of donor organ procurement and delivery in the United States. We have also acquired 21 fixed-wing aircraft to transport donor organs as part of the services offered under our NOP. We intend to acquire additional fixed-wing aircraft as we scale our fleet of aircraft to reduce our dependence on third party transportation providers.

We believe the OCS and the NOP drive significant benefits to all stakeholders in the field of organ transplantation. For patients, we believe the OCS and the NOP provide additional access to life-saving transplants and allow for quicker recovery following transplantation. For hospitals, we believe the OCS and NOP provide a means to increase transplant volume, treat more patients, enhance provider status and improve transplant program economics. Finally, we believe the OCS and NOP provide payors with a more cost-effective treatment for end-stage organ failure and reduces exposure to significant post-transplant complication costs and extended hospital stays.

Our OCS products and NOP services are reimbursed in the United States through existing, standard commercial transplant billing mechanisms. The Medicare program and private payors had been providing reimbursement for the OCS Lung, OCS Heart and OCS Liver during the U.S. pivotal trials and have continued providing reimbursement for our products and services following FDA approval. We are in the process of seeking long-term reimbursement for our products outside of the United States.

Our corporate headquarters, manufacturing and clinical training facilities are located in Andover, Massachusetts. We also have a geographically distributed team in the United States supporting our NOP and a designated maintenance hub for our aircraft in Dallas, Texas. We have additional distribution and commercial operations in Europe. As of December 31, 2024, we had 728 employees, most of whom were full-time and located in the United States. We generated $441.5 million, $241.6 million and $93.5 million of total revenue during the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively, representing year-over-year growth of 82.7% and 158.5% in 2024 and 2023, respectively. Our business model is characterized by a high level of recurring revenue, which is derived primarily from sales of our single-use, organ-specific disposable sets that are required for each transplant using the OCS as well as services provided to transplant centers by our NOP.

Our Competitive Strengths

We believe the continued growth of our company will be driven by the following competitive strengths:

•
Only FDA approved, portable, multi-organ, warm perfusion platform

Our Organ Care System is the only FDA approved portable, multi-organ, warm perfusion device on the market. Portability is a critical aspect in reducing the ischemic injury to the organ before transplantation, thereby reducing post-transplant complications and allowing the utilization of more organs for transplant. The multi-organ platform allows for the standardization of use across transplant programs.

•
National OCS Program

We developed our NOP to provide transplant programs with a more efficient process to procure donor organs with the OCS. As we expect the number of transplants to increase and the procurement distance to extend, we believe the field will need alternatives to the previous model in which the recipient transplant center sends its team to the donor site for procurement. Our NOP provides a turnkey solution that leverages the technical advantage of the OCS and provides transplant centers with a more efficient way to increase their volume of transplants without significantly increasing resources.

•
Transportation Logistics of the NOP

Transporting organs, clinical staff and medical technology in the field of organ transplant is very challenging. Donor organs may become available at almost any hospital at any time. The donor organ must be retrieved and transported to allocated recipients in a timely manner while protecting the organ from ischemic injury. The donor site may not be easily accessible and the distance to travel from donor to recipient may be very long. The expansion of our NOP to provide our own transportation logistics services, including 100% owned and operated private aircraft dedicated to organ procurement, further improves the efficiency of utilizing the NOP as a complete solution for organ procurement.

4

•
Significant body of strong clinical evidence

In order to receive FDA approval for our PMA products, we have conducted clinical trials with large numbers of patient participants, with the results of these trials published in leading medical journals. We also continue to collect clinical data through post-market registries for all of our products and plan to continue to provide the scientific results of these registries to the clinical user community. We expect to continue to build new clinical evidence through new programs to demonstrate the clinical value of product enhancements.

•
Strong relationship with the clinical transplant community

The transplant community is highly concentrated in the leading academic medical centers around the world. We have developed strong clinical relationships with many of these centers through their participation in our clinical trials and their commercial utilization of our products and services. In addition, many transplant surgeons at our clinical trial or commercial customer locations may have moved to new centers, bringing their OCS experience with them and allowing our relationships to grow to these new centers.

•
Expertise in transplant reimbursement and billing	 
The OCS has been reimbursed by the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services, or CMS, and private insurers during our clinical trials and continues to be reimbursed in the commercial setting. Since our customers have been billing for reimbursement for many years, we have developed a high degree of expertise in the area of transplant reimbursement and appropriate billing of insurers. We provide advice and best practices to our customers in compliance with laws and regulations.

•
Strong research and development capabilities and comprehensive intellectual property portfolio	
We have a long history and broad experience in the development of warm machine perfusion for organ preservation. During the life of our OCS technology platform we have continued to add technological and usability enhancements to our devices. In the future, we intend to develop newer versions of the technology that continue to improve the ease of use, portability, and capability of the products. 

Organ Transplant Therapy Benefits and Challenges

We believe organ transplantation is the most effective treatment for end-stage organ failure in terms of both clinical outcomes and health economics. Organ transplant provides the longest life expectancy and best quality of life compared to other therapies for end-stage organ failure. For example, the therapeutic options for end-stage heart failure include optimum medical management with pharmaceutical treatments, or OMM, mechanical support with a left ventricular assist device, or LVAD, and heart transplantation. Heart transplantation is associated with materially longer survival rates as compared to OMM and LVADs, which are either used as a bridge to transplant or as destination therapy, an alternative to transplant. These improved survival rates, in turn, result in favorable economics for transplantation on the basis of quality-adjusted life years.

However, organ transplant therapy faces two major challenges. First, despite the large and growing incidence of organ failure worldwide, and the significant clinical and economic benefits of organ transplantation, the number of transplants severely lags demand due to the limitations of traditional methods of organ preservation prior to transplantation. Second, a high rate of post-transplant clinical complications needs to be reduced to improve outcomes and lower costs.

The use of cold static storage for preservation of donor organs contributes to these challenges in three ways:

•
Subjects the donor organs to severe time-dependent ischemic injury

Cold storage deprives the organs from oxygen, resulting in time dependent injury (ischemia). This injury correlates with post-transplant complications and restricts the viable time for organ procurement and transplant, which limits the time and distance possible between donor and recipient and results in low utilization of the donor pool and limits the number of transplant procedures performed annually.

•
No organ optimization capability

Given the non-physiologic environment, cold storage does not allow for any therapeutic interventions to optimize the condition of the donor organs. This further limits utilization of available donor organs for transplantation and could negatively impact post-transplant outcomes. It is well demonstrated that donor organs benefit from some form of optimization to replenish depleted levels of substrates, hormones, and electrolytes that are significantly altered or used up during the donation process.

5

•
No organ viability assessment capability 

During cold storage, the organs are not physiologically active, nor functioning; thus, there are no means for evaluating the suitability of these organs for transplantation. This further limits utilization of available organs as donor populations worldwide are growing older and have concomitant risk factors that benefit from sophisticated diagnostic evaluation capabilities to predict whether the donor organ is suitable and safe to transplant.

Our Technology and Solution

We developed the OCS to comprehensively address the major limitations of cold storage. The OCS is a portable organ perfusion, optimization and monitoring system that utilizes our proprietary and customized technology to replicate near-physiologic conditions for donor organs outside of the human body. The OCS was designed to perfuse donor organs with warm, oxygenated and nutrient-enriched blood, while maintaining the organs in a living, functioning state; the lung is breathing, the heart is beating and the liver is producing bile. As such, the OCS represents a paradigm shift that transforms organ preservation for transplantation from a static state to a dynamic environment that enables new capabilities, including organ optimization and assessment.

The OCS Technology Platform

We developed the OCS, the first and only FDA approved portable, multi-organ, warm perfusion platform, to leverage proprietary core technologies across multiple organs. For each OCS product, we supplement the platform with organ-specific, customized and proprietary technologies. To date, we have developed three OCS products, one for each of lung, heart and liver transplantation. We have initiated the development of the next generation multi-organ platform to improve the usability, incorporate new technology and automation, and facilitate the use of OCS in our NOP.

Each OCS product consists of three primary components customized for each organ:

•
OCS Console: 
The OCS Console is a highly portable electromechanical medical device that houses and

controls the function of the OCS and is designed to fit in the current workflow for organ transplantation.

•
OCS Perfusion Set: 
The OCS Perfusion Set is a sterile, biocompatible single-use disposable set that stores the organ and circulates blood. The OCS Perfusion Set includes all accessories needed to place the organ on the system.

•
OCS Solutions: 
The OCS Solutions are a set of nutrient-enriched solutions used with blood to replenish depleted nutrients and hormones needed to optimize the organ’s condition outside of the human body.

6

The OCS technology platform is equipped with the following core technologies that we designed to comprehensively address the limitations of cold storage and improve transplant outcomes:

•
proprietary pulsatile blood pump 
to simulate beating heart perfusion in organs outside of the human body;

•
proprietary software-controlled titanium blood warmer 
to maintain blood at body temperature while maximizing portability;

•
gas exchanger 
to maintain organ oxygenation outside of the human body;

•
customized hemodynamics sensors 
to monitor and assess organ function outside of the human body;

•
proprietary software-controlled, miniaturized, electromechanical system with universal power supply and hot-swappable batteries 
to maximize portability and travel distance for organ procurement;

•
proprietary wireless monitor and control software 
to provide an intuitive user interface for monitoring critical organ function; and

•
customized carbon fiber OCS console structure 
to reduce the overall weight of the system and maximize portability.

Key Advantages of the OCS Platform

We believe the OCS platform provides significant benefits relative to cold storage:

•
Significant reduction in ischemia

Decreases current time and distance limitations on organ transport while also increasing the previously limited time period for procurement during which high quality transplant outcomes can reliably be obtained. This maximizes organ utilization and enables increased access to organ transplantation, while also meaningfully improving post-transplant outcomes.

•
Enables organ optimization outside of the human body

Allows therapeutic optimization of donor organs from the damaging conditions of brain and circulatory death using clinically proven and safe modalities, thus significantly improving donor organ utilization and patient outcomes.

•
Allows for organ viability assessment

Enables diagnostic evaluation of the donor organ using currently acceptable clinical standards to evaluate the organ’s suitability for transplantation and to maximize the post-transplant outcomes.

We believe that by comprehensively addressing the three limitations of cold static storage, the use of the OCS will allow for increased utilization of donor organs and improve post-transplant outcomes.

Benefits of the OCS Platform for Key Stakeholders

We believe the OCS platform provides significant benefits to key constituents across the transplant continuum.

Value to Patients

We believe the OCS increases patients’ access to what we believe is the best treatment option for end-stage organ failure, which results in improved quality of life and longer life expectancy. In addition, we believe improved clinical outcomes from use of the OCS will allow patients to recover more quickly following a transplant.

Value to Providers

We believe the OCS allows providers to improve clinical outcomes and increase the number of patients who receive organ transplants. Improvements in clinical outcomes could enable providers to meet the CMS post-transplant survival metrics required for reimbursement coverage and improve the overall financial profile of their transplant programs. In addition, we believe the increase in transplant volumes enabled by the OCS will help providers achieve “Center of Excellence” designations with payors and thus drive significant revenue growth for their transplant programs.

7

Value to Payors

We believe organ transplantation is a cost-effective treatment for end-stage organ failure as it provides the longest life expectancy, and better quality of life, compared to other treatments like mechanical support or medical therapy. We believe the OCS will enable payors to benefit from these favorable health economics and limit their exposure to the high cost of severe post-transplantation complications and extended hospital stays.

Our Strategy

We are committed to our goal of transforming organ transplantation with our OCS platform by establishing the OCS as the standard of care for solid organ transplantation and thereby increasing the utilization of donor organs and improving clinical outcomes.

The key elements of our strategy are:

•
Grow the adoption of the OCS at existing transplant center customers and expand the number of centers utilizing OCS and NOP. 
We are focused on driving adoption of the OCS and NOP at leading, high

volume transplant programs as well as expanding utilization to medium and smaller centers that can utilize OCS and NOP to provide transplants to more patients. 

•
Grow our NOP, a turnkey solution to provide outsourced organ procurement, OCS perfusion management and transplant logistics services, to provide transplant programs with a more efficient process to procure donor organs with the OCS. 
Our NOP leverages our clinical, logistical and transportation capabilities to provide access to and use of the OCS for transplant centers throughout the United States. Since its inception in 2021, the NOP has accelerated adoption of the OCS, and we believe this program has the potential to maximize utilization of donor organs for transplantation and, by standardizing the quality of use of the OCS, deliver better clinical outcomes.

•
Develop the next generation OCS technology platform to improve user experience and facilitate our NOP. 
We are developing the next generation multi-organ platform to improve the usability, incorporate new technology and automation, and facilitate the use of OCS in our NOP. In 2025, we expect the initial next generation OCS improvements in the OCS Lung and OCS Heart products to be introduced to the clinical setting through the enrollment of several new clinical trials.

•
Expand internationally by accessing national reimbursement for OCS in key European countries. 
We have begun to add resources in Europe focused on commercial expansion and market access. We believe international expansion will be an additional growth driver for us in the long-term.

Commercialization

We commercialize our products through two channels: our NOP and a direct acquisition model. Our NOP enables transplant centers to outsource the organ procurement, OCS perfusion management and transplant logistics process to our trained organ procurement surgeons, clinical specialists and transplant and logistics coordinators using our OCS products. Our offering allows the transplant center to focus their internal resources on the transplant surgery and patient care. Utilizing our NOP saves the transplant center from investing in additional resources to support higher volumes and longer distance procurements. Since the launch of the NOP, our sales of the OCS have primarily been through the NOP.

Our direct acquisition model is provided to transplant centers to train their own teams for organ procurement and OCS perfusion management on the OCS. Customer users are certified on the use of OCS at our training facility. Customers in the direct acquisition channel keep inventory of OCS disposables available and order replenishment as they are used. All of our international customers and a small number of our U.S. customers purchase our OCS products through the direct acquisition model.

Reimbursement

Medicare’s reimbursement for organ transplant procedures is well-established and involves two payment mechanisms. The first is the inpatient hospital prospective payment system, which reimburses the transplant hospital for operating costs incurred during the inpatient stay in which the transplant procedure is performed. The payment for this stay is determined by the Medicare Severity-Diagnosis Related Group, or MS-DRG, into which the case is assigned. The second mechanism involves a separate payment, in addition to the MS-DRG-based payment, for organ acquisition costs, which include organ preservation and transportation costs. Medicare reimburses hospitals for allowable organ acquisition costs on a reasonable cost basis. The OCS is reimbursed under this second mechanism.

8

For Medicaid transplant recipients, reimbursement to a transplant hospital for the incurred cost of the OCS is determined based on the applicable state Medicaid program. Some states establish a global payment for the transplant and organ acquisition costs, and some states have separate payments for the inpatient stay based on the MS-DRG system and for organ acquisition costs. Private insurers typically have agreements as to how they reimburse for the transplant costs and the organ acquisition costs, which may be through a global payment for both, or a payment for the transplant and a separate mechanism for paying for organ acquisition costs. Nearly half of U.S. lung, heart and liver transplants are covered under the Medicare and Medicaid programs, with the remainder being reimbursed through private payors.

Medicare and private payors provided reimbursement for the OCS Lung, OCS Heart and OCS Liver during the U.S. pivotal trials and have provided reimbursement for the OCS Lung, OCS Heart and OCS Liver following their FDA approvals. This has established a history of billing precedent. We believe these established methods will continue to facilitate commercial reimbursement for the OCS Lung, OCS Heart and OCS Liver. Reimbursement outside of the United States follows a similar overall structure; however, reimbursement decisions are required in each individual country and may require national health systems to review and approve OCS reimbursement for each organ-specific product. Currently, there are a few areas of national reimbursement for use of OCS for transplant. Most notably, reimbursement is in place in the UK and the Netherlands for DCD heart transplant. However, most national healthcare systems do not reimburse transplant centers for the use of the OCS and additional reimbursement in international markets may require us to undertake additional clinical studies. Some international hospitals using the OCS currently pay for the OCS from their hospital budget or charitable funds. We are in the process of seeking long-term reimbursement for our OCS products in several jurisdictions.

Clinical Evidence

The lead transplant surgeons at transplant centers are clinically focused and rely primarily on clinical evidence to drive changes in their practice of organ transplantation. We have developed a substantial body of global clinical evidence to support our FDA PMA approvals and PMA submissions for the OCS for lung, heart and liver transplantation. Many of these clinical trials and studies have been published in peer-reviewed clinical journals. Our clinical trials have evaluated the use of the OCS for transplantation of organs that meet the current criteria for organ transplantation, as well as organs that would otherwise go unutilized from DBD and DCD donors. We believe the results of our clinical trials across lung, heart and liver transplantation may support the potential of the OCS in improving clinical outcomes and increasing utilization of available donor organs.

The results of our clinical trials are summarized in the images below.

.

9

OCS Clinical Trial Overview Table

Intellectual Property

Patents and Trade Secrets

We rely on a combination of patent, trademark, copyright, trade secret and other intellectual property laws, nondisclosure and assignment of inventions agreements and other measures to protect our intellectual property. Our patent portfolio includes patents and patent applications that we own or license from third parties.

As of December 31, 2024, our owned and licensed patent portfolio consisted of approximately 430 issued patents and pending patent applications worldwide, including in the United States, Australia, Europe, Canada, China, Israel, New Zealand and Japan. Our owned portfolio includes patents and applications related to one or more of the OCS Lung, OCS Heart, OCS Liver and solutions. In the United States, our owned portfolio includes about 53 issued patents and 12 pending applications. Outside the United States, our owned portfolio includes about 313 issued patents and 52 pending applications. Issued patents in our portfolio are expected to expire between 2025 and 2038, excluding any potential additional patent term for patent term adjustments or patent term extensions, if applicable. If granted, the pending U.S. and foreign patent applications in our portfolio are expected to expire between 2025 and 2043, excluding any potential additional patent term for patent term adjustments or patent term extensions, if applicable.

10

As of December 31, 2024, our patent portfolio relating to the OCS Lung or lung transplantation technology includes families comprised of patents and patent applications with claims that are generally directed to certain methods and systems for preserving a lung ex vivo using both perfusion and ventilation. Such patents are issued in the United States, Austria, Australia, Belgium, Brazil, Canada, China, Czech Republic, Denmark, Europe, France, Germany, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Japan, Hong Kong, Netherlands, New Zealand, Spain, Sweden, and United Kingdom, and patent applications are pending in the United States, Australia, Canada, China, Europe, Hong Kong, Israel, Japan and under the Patent Cooperation Treaty. These patents, and any patents issued from pending patent applications, are expected to expire in 2043, excluding any potential additional patent term for patent term adjustments or patent term extensions, if applicable.

As of December 31, 2024, our patent portfolio relating to the OCS Heart or heart transplantation technology includes families comprised of patents and patent applications with claims that are generally directed to certain methods and systems for preserving a heart ex vivo. Such patents are issued in the United States, Austria, Australia, Belgium, Brazil, Canada, China, Czech Republic, Denmark, Europe, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Japan, Netherlands, New Zealand, Spain, Sweden, and United Kingdom, and patent applications are pending in the United States, Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, Europe, Israel, Japan, and New Zealand. These patents, and any patents issued from pending patent applications, are expected to expire in 2038, excluding any potential additional patent term for patent term adjustments or patent term extensions, if applicable. We have requested patent term extension for one patent relating to the OCS Heart, U.S. Patent No. 7,651,835, which, if granted, would expire in 2032.

As of December 31, 2024, our patent portfolio relating to the OCS Liver or liver transplantation technology includes a family of issued and pending patent applications with claims that are generally directed to certain systems, including perfusion circuits for perfusing a liver ex vivo. Such patents are issued in the United States, Austria, Australia, Belgium, Canada, China, Czech Republic, Denmark, Europe, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Japan, Netherlands, New Zealand, Spain, Sweden, and United Kingdom, and applications are pending in the United States, Australia, Canada, Israel and Japan. This patent and any patents issued from pending patent applications are expected to expire in 2035, excluding any potential additional patent term for patent term adjustments or patent term extensions, if applicable. We have requested patent term extension for one patent relating to the OCS Liver, U.S. Patent No. 10,076,112, which, if granted, would expire in 2035.

As of December 31, 2024, our patent portfolio relating to the OCS Solutions or other solutions for transplantation systems includes families comprised of patents and patent applications with claims that are generally directed to compositions of certain perfusion fluids. Such patents are issued in the United States, Austria, Australia, Belgium, Brazil, Canada, China, Czech Republic, Denmark, Europe, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Japan, Netherlands, New Zealand, Spain, Sweden and United Kingdom, and patent applications are pending in the United States, Canada, China, Europe and Hong Kong. These patents, and any patents issued from pending patent applications, are expected to expire in 2035, excluding any potential additional patent term for patent term adjustments or patent term extensions, if applicable.

The term of individual patents depends on the legal term for patents in the countries in which they are granted. In most countries, including the United States, the patent term is generally 20 years from the earliest filing date of a non-provisional patent application in the applicable country. We cannot assure that patents will be issued from any of our pending applications or that, if patents are issued, they will be of sufficient scope or strength to provide meaningful protection for our technology. Notwithstanding the scope of the patent protection available to us, a competitor could develop methods or devices that are not covered by our patents. Furthermore, numerous U.S. and foreign issued patents and patent applications owned by third parties exist in the fields in which we are developing products. Because patent applications can take many years to issue, there may be applications unknown to us, which applications may later result in issued patents that our existing or future products or proprietary technologies may be alleged to infringe.

There has been substantial litigation regarding patent and other intellectual property rights in the medical device industry. In the future, we may need to engage in litigation to enforce patents issued or licensed to us, to protect our trade secrets or know-how, to defend against claims of infringement of the rights of others or to determine the scope and validity of the proprietary rights of others. Litigation could be costly and could divert our attention from other functions and responsibilities. Adverse determinations in litigation could subject us to significant liabilities to third parties, could require us to seek licenses from third parties and could prevent us from manufacturing, selling or using the OCS, any of which could severely harm our business.

For more information, see “