Item 3. Legal Proceedings.

On February 14, 2025, a class action captioned Merly Jewik v. TransMedics Group, Inc., et al., Case No. 1:25-cv-10385, was filed against us in the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts.  The complaint purports to assert claims against us and certain of our current and former officers pursuant to Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder, on behalf of a putative class of investors who purchased or otherwise acquired the Company’s shares between February 28, 2023 and January 10, 2025 (the “class period”). Plaintiff seeks to recover damages allegedly caused by purported misstatements and omissions contained in certain risk disclosures set forth in our 2022 and 2023 Annual Reports. The complaint alleges the disclosures at issue were false or misleading, because they failed to describe what plaintiff alleges were coercive business and marketing tactics, anticompetitive conduct and fraudulent billing activities on the part of the Company. The complaint claims these alleged statements and omissions operated to artificially inflate the price paid for our common stock during the class period.

From time to time, we may be involved in other legal proceedings or investigations, which could have an adverse impact on our reputation, business and financial condition and divert the attention of our management from the operation of our business.

63

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures.

Not applicable.

PART II

Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.

Certain Information Regarding the Trading of Our Common Stock

Our common stock trades under the symbol “TMDX” on the Nasdaq Global Market and has been publicly traded since May 2, 2019. Prior to this time, there was no public market for our common stock.

Stock Performance Graph
(1)

The following graph shows a comparison from December 31, 2019 through December 31, 2024 of cumulative total return on assumed investments of $100.00 in cash in each of our common stock, the NASDAQ Composite Index and the NASDAQ Healthcare Index. Such returns are based on historical results and are not intended to suggest future performance. Data for the NASDAQ Composite Index and the NASDAQ Healthcare Index assumed reinvestment of dividends.

COMPARISON OF 60 MONTH CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN

Among TransMedics Group, Inc., the NASDAQ Composite Index and the NASDAQ Healthcare Index

64

(1)
 This performance graph shall not be deemed to be "soliciting material" or to be "filed" with the SEC for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that Section, and shall not be deemed incorporated by reference into any filings of TransMedics Group, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

Holders of Our Common Stock

As of January 31, 2025, there were approximately 20 holders of record of shares of our common stock. These amounts do not include stockholders for whom shares are held in “nominee” or “street” name.

Securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans

Information about our equity compensation plans will be included in our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC with respect to our 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference.

Recent Sales of Unregistered Equity Securities

None.

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

We did not purchase any of our registered equity securities during the period from September 30, 2024 to December 31, 2024.

Dividends

We have never declared or paid any dividends on our capital stock. We do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends on our capital stock in the foreseeable future. Any future determination to declare and pay cash dividends, if any, will be made at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on a variety of factors, including applicable laws, our financial condition, results of operations, contractual restrictions, capital requirements, business prospects, general business or financial market conditions and other factors our board of directors may deem relevant. In addition, our CIBC Credit Agreement contains covenants that restrict our ability to pay cash dividends.

Item 6.

Reserved

65

Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
 Financial Condition and Results of Operations.

The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis or set forth elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including information with respect to our plans and strategy for our business, includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. As a result of many factors, including those factors set forth in the “