Item 1. Business
Overview 
We are a civil infrastructure company that specializes in the construction and maintenance of roadways across Alabama, Florida, Georgia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee and Texas. Through our wholly owned subsidiaries, we provide a variety of products and services to both public and private infrastructure projects, with an emphasis on highways, roads, bridges, airports, and commercial and residential developments. Consistent with our vertical integration strategy, our primary operations consist of (i) manufacturing and distributing hot mix asphalt (“HMA”) for both internal use and sales to third parties in connection with construction projects, (ii) paving activities, including the construction of roadway base layers and application of asphalt pavement, (iii) site development, including the installation of utility and drainage systems, (iv) mining aggregates, such as sand, gravel and construction stone, that are used as raw materials in the production of HMA and for sales to third parties, and (v) distributing liquid asphalt cement for both internal use and sales to third parties in connection with HMA production.
Construction Partners, Inc. was formed as a Delaware corporation in 2007 as a holding company to facilitate an acquisition growth strategy in the HMA paving and construction industry. 
As used in this report, the terms “Company,” “we,” “our” and “us” refer to Construction Partners, Inc. and its subsidiaries, except when the context requires that those terms mean only the parent company or a particular subsidiary. 
Recent Developments
•
ROAD-Map 2027.  
In October 2023, we publicly announced “ROAD-Map 2027,” a comprehensive business plan setting forth our strategic initiatives, growth priorities, and business outlook through fiscal year 2027. ROAD-Map 2027 contemplates several revenue and growth goals, including, among others, revenues exceeding $3 billion by the end of fiscal year 2027.  
•
2024 Fiscal Year Acquisitions. 
During the 2024 fiscal year, we completed eight acquisitions across four states, adding to or expanding our operations in Alabama, Georgia, North Carolina and South Carolina.  As a result of these acquisitions, we added 11 asphalt plants and a diverse fleet of equipment and vehicles, as well as skilled construction professionals.  The total transaction consideration for these acquisitions was approximately $231.7 million. For further discussion regarding these transactions, see Note 4 - Business Acquisitions to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report.
•
Lone Star Paving Acquisition
. On November 1, 2024, we acquired all of the outstanding membership units of Asphalt, Inc., LLC (doing business as Lone Star Paving) (“Lone Star Paving” and such acquisition, the “Lone Star Acquisition”), a vertically integrated asphalt manufacturing and paving company headquartered in Austin, Texas, with 10 HMA plants, four aggregate facilities, and one liquid asphalt terminal supporting its operations. The aggregate consideration delivered at the closing of the Lone Star Acquisition consisted of (i) $654.2 million in cash (as adjusted pursuant to the Unit Purchase Agreement, dated as of October 20, 2024, by and among the Company, Lone Star Paving, the selling unit holders party thereto, and John J. Wheeler, in his capacity as the selling unit holders’ representative thereunder) and (ii) 3.0 million shares of Class A common stock. In addition, we agreed to (A) pay cash to the selling unit holders in an amount equal to the working capital remaining in Lone Star Paving at closing, as finally determined (subject to adjustments and offsets to satisfy certain indemnification obligations and any purchase price overpayments), to be paid out in quarterly installments over four quarters following the closing, and (B) purchase from the selling unit holders for $30.0 million in cash an entity that owns certain real property following receipt of specified operational entitlements by such entity. The cash paid at closing was funded from the proceeds of the Term Loan B (as defined herein). For more information about the Lone Star Acquisition, see Note 27 - Subsequent Events to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report.
•
Term Loan B Credit Agreement.

On November 1, 2024, we entered into a Term Loan Credit Agreement with Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, BofA Securities, Inc., PNC Capital Markets LLC, Regions Capital Markets, a division of Regions Bank, and TD Securities (USA) LLC, each as joint lead arranger and joint bookrunner, and certain other lenders party thereto (the “Term Loan B Credit Agreement”). The Term Loan B Credit Agreement provides for a senior secured first lien term loan facility in the aggregate principal amount of $850.0 million, which amount was fully drawn on November 1, 2024 (the “Term Loan B”). A portion of the proceeds of the Term Loan B was used to finance the cash portion of the consideration for the Lone Star Acquisition, including the repayment of certain outstanding indebtedness of Lone Star Paving and its subsidiaries at closing. The remaining loan proceeds were or will be used (i) to repay the Company’s outstanding borrowings under the revolving credit facility provided by the Term Loan A / Revolver Credit Agreement (as defined below), (ii) to pay fees and expenses incurred in connection with the foregoing debt financing transactions and Lone Star Acquisition and (iii) for working capital and other corporate purposes as permitted by the Term Loan B Credit Agreement. For more information about the Term Loan

B

Credit Agreement, see Note 27 - Subsequent Events to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report.
3
Table of Contents
•
Credit Agreement Amendments.
 In May 2024, we and certain of our wholly owned subsidiaries entered into a Third Amendment to our Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement with PNC Bank, National Association, as administrative agent, and certain other lenders party from time to time thereto (as amended from time to time, the “Term Loan A / Revolver Credit Agreement”) to, among other things, (i) increase the aggregate commitments under the revolving credit facility from $325.0 million to $400.0 million, (ii) reallocate $125.0 million of borrowings previously outstanding under the revolving credit facility to our term loan, (iii) add three new banks to our lender syndicate, (iv) provide for an additional incremental credit facility of up to $200.0 million and (v) update certain affirmative and negative covenants thereunder. Additionally, on October 30, 2024, we entered into a Fourth Amendment to the Term Loan A / Revolver Credit Agreement to, among other things, permit (i) the Lone Star Acquisition, (ii) entry into the Term Loan B Credit Agreement, and (iii) certain liens to be granted to secure the indebtedness incurred under the Term Loan B Credit Agreement on a 
pari passu
 basis with the liens securing the Company’s obligations under the Term Loan A / Revolver Credit Agreement. For further discussion regarding the Term Loan A / Revolver Credit Agreement and the foregoing amendments, see Note 11 - Debt and Note 27 - Subsequent Events to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report.
•
Stock Repurchase Program.
 In April 2024, our board of directors authorized a stock repurchase program under which up to $40 million is available to purchase shares of our outstanding Class A common stock through September 30, 2025. We utilize the stock repurchase program to minimize the dilutive impact of awards granted under our equity incentive plans and to repurchase shares opportunistically. Shares of our Class A common stock may be repurchased from time to time in open market transactions at prevailing market prices, in privately negotiated transactions or by other means in accordance with federal securities laws, including Rule 10b5-1 plans. The stock repurchase program does not obligate us to repurchase any shares of Class A common stock, and the stock repurchase program may be modified, suspended, extended or terminated at any time by our board of directors. The actual timing, number and value of shares of Class A common stock repurchased are determined by a committee of the board of directors at its discretion and depend on a number of factors, including the market price of our Class A common stock, capital allocation alternatives, general market and economic conditions and other corporate considerations. During fiscal 2024, we repurchased a total of 173,741 shares of Class A common stock for an aggregate purchase price of $10.0 million.
We operate in the large and growing highway and road construction industry and specifically within the asphalt paving materials and services segment. Asphalt paving mix is the most common roadway material used today due to its cost effectiveness, durability and reusability, and minimized traffic disruption during paving, as compared to concrete. Recent growth in our industry has been driven by federal, state and local Department of Transportation (“DOT”) budgets, which annually earmark amounts for transportation and infrastructure spending. In November 2021, the federal Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act (the “IIJA”) was signed into law. The IIJA provides for $548 billion in new infrastructure spending over five years through a reauthorization of traditional surface transportation programs and additional funding for highways, bridges and airports, among other things. In addition, certain states within our markets have recently approved legislation that supports funding for construction of local road, bridge and transit projects. The non-discretionary nature of highway and road construction services and materials supports stable and consistent industry funding. The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the “Inflation Reduction Act”) provides funding for numerous projects and initiatives relevant to the surface transportation industry, including grants for safety and environmental improvements, incentives for the use of construction materials and products with lower levels of embodied greenhouse gas emissions, and streamlined environmental review processes for proposed projects.
Projects and Customers
We provide construction products and services to both public and private infrastructure projects, with an emphasis on highways, roads, bridges, airports, and commercial and residential sites throughout the Sunbelt in Alabama, Florida, Georgia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee and Texas. We provide a wide range of large sitework construction, including site development, paving, and utility and drainage systems construction, and supply the HMA required for the projects. Our projects consist of both new construction and maintenance services. Publicly funded projects and third-party sales accounted for approximately 63%, and privately funded projects and third-party sales accounted for approximately 37%, of our fiscal 2024
 revenues. Our public customers include federal agencies, state DOTs and local municipalities. Our private clients include commercial and residential developers and businesses.
Our largest customers are state DOTs. For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, the Florida DOT accounted for 13.6% of our revenues, and projects performed for all DOTs accounted for 40.7% of our revenues. Other than the Florida DOT, no other customer accounted for more than 10% of our revenues for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024. Our 25 largest projects accounted for 15.7% of our revenues for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024.
Types of Contracts
Our public customer contracts are primarily fixed unit price contracts. Pricing on a fixed unit price contract is typically based on approved quantities. Our private customer contracts are primarily fixed total price contracts, also known as lump sum contracts, which require that the total amount of work be performed for a single price. We also occasionally enter into design-build contracts, which generally are performed under fixed total price contracts. For the majority of our contracts, we receive our final payment when 
4
Table of Contents
contracts are near completion or fully completed. For some contracts, we are required to furnish a warranty on our construction. These warranties, when required, are usually one year in length, but can extend up to three years according to the owners’ specifications. Historically, warranty claims have not been material to our business. 
Contract Management 
We identify potential contracts through a variety of sources, including: (i) subscriber services that consolidate and alert us to contracts open for bidding; (ii) posted solicitations by federal, state and local governmental entities through agency websites, disclosure of long-term infrastructure plans or advertising and other general solicitations; (iii) our business development efforts; and (iv) communications with other participants in our industry. We consider several factors that can create variability in contract performance and our financial results compared to our bid assumptions and methodologies on a contract. As a result, after determining the potential contracts that are available, we decide which contracts to pursue based on a non-exclusive list of factors, which include relevant skills required by the contract, the contract size and duration, availability of our personnel and equipment, size and makeup of our current contract backlog, our competitive advantages and disadvantages, our prior experience, the contracting agency or customer, the source of contract funding, the geographic location, the likely competition, the construction risks, the gross margin opportunities, the penalties or incentives and the type of contract.
To ensure the completeness and accuracy of our original bid analysis, the bid preparation for potential projects typically involves three phases.
•
Phase One
: We review the plans and specifications of the project so that we can identify (i) the various types of work involved and related estimated materials, (ii) the contract duration and schedule, and (iii) any unique aspects or significant risk factors of the project.
•
Phase Two
: We estimate the cost and availability of labor, materials and equipment, subcontractors and the project team required to complete the contract in accordance with the plans, specifications and construction schedule. Substantially all of our estimates are made on a per-unit basis for each bid item, with the typical contract containing 50 to 200 bid items.
•
Phase Three
: Management conducts a detailed review of the estimate. This review includes an analysis of assumptions regarding (i) cost, approach, means and methods of completing the project, (ii) staffing and productivity and (iii) risk. After concluding this detailed review of the cost estimate, management determines the appropriate profit margin to calculate the total bid amount. This profit margin varies according to management’s perception of the degree of difficulty of the contract, the existing competitive climate and the size and makeup of our contract backlog. Throughout this process, we work closely with our project managers so that all issues concerning a contract, including any risks, can be better understood and addressed as appropriate.
To ensure that subcontracting costs used in submitting bids for construction contracts do not change, we obtain firm quotations from our subcontractors before submitting a bid. Also, to mitigate the risk of material price changes, we obtain “not to exceed” quotations from our suppliers, which, for projects of longer duration, usually contain price escalator provisions. These quotations typically include quantity guarantees that are tied to our prime contract. We have no obligation for materials or subcontract services beyond those required to complete the respective contracts that we are awarded for which quotations have been provided.
After a contract has been awarded and during the construction phase, we monitor our progress by comparing actual costs incurred and quantities completed to date with budgeted amounts and the project schedule. We review our estimates of total forecasted revenue, cost and expected profit for each contract monthly.
During the normal course of some projects, we or our customer may initiate modifications or changes to the original contract to reflect, among other things, changes in quantities, specifications or design, method or manner of performance, facilities, materials, site conditions and period for completion of the work. Generally, the scope and price of these modifications are documented in a “change order” to the original contract and reviewed, approved and paid for in accordance with the normal change order provisions of the contract. Occasionally, we are asked to perform extra or change order work as directed by the customer even if the customer has not agreed in advance on the scope or price of the work to be performed. This process may result in disputes over whether the work performed is beyond the scope of the work included in the original contract plans and specifications or, even if the customer agrees that the work performed qualifies as extra work, the price that the customer is willing to pay for the extra work. These disputes may not be settled to our satisfaction. Even when the customer agrees to pay for the extra work, we may be required to fund the cost of such work for an extended period of time until the change order is approved and funded by the customer. In addition, any delay caused by the extra work may adversely impact the timely scheduling of other work on the contract (or on other contracts) and our ability to meet contract milestone dates. Historically, we have been successful at managing the impacts caused by change orders, and change orders have not had a material adverse effect on our business.
Most of our contracts with governmental agencies provide for termination at the convenience of the customer, with requirements to pay us for work performed through the date of termination. The termination of a government contract for the convenience of the customer 
5
Table of Contents
is an extremely rare occurrence. Many of our contracts contain provisions that require us to pay liquidated damages if specified completion schedule requirements are not met. Historically, we have not been materially adversely affected by liquidated damages provisions.
We act as prime contractor on most of our construction projects. As prime contractor, we are responsible for the performance of the entire contract, including subcontract work. To manage the risk of non-performance by our subcontractors, we typically require the subcontractor to furnish a bond or other type of security to guarantee its performance and/or we retain payments in accordance with contract terms until their performance is complete. Disadvantaged business enterprise regulations require us to use our good faith efforts to subcontract a specified portion of contract work done for governmental agencies to certain types of disadvantaged contractors or suppliers.
Contract Backlog
At September 30, 2024, our contract backlog was $2.0 billion, compared to $1.6 billion at September 30, 2023. Contract backlog is a financial measure that generally reflects the dollar value of work that the Company expects to perform in the future. Although contract backlog is not a term recognized under generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (“GAAP”), it is a common measure used in our industry. We generally include a construction project in our contract backlog at the time it is awarded and to the extent we believe funding is probable. Our backlog generally consists of uncompleted work on contracts in progress and contracts for which we have executed a contract but have not commenced the work. For uncompleted work on contracts in progress, we include (i) executed change orders, (ii) pending change orders for which we expect to receive confirmation in the ordinary course of business and (iii) claims that we have made against our customers for which we have determined we have a legal basis under existing contractual arrangements and as to which we consider collection to be probable. Backlog of uncompleted work on contracts under which work was either in progress or had not yet begun was $1.5 billion and $1.3 billion at September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
Our backlog also includes low bid/no contract projects, which consist of (i) public bid projects for which we were the low bidder and no contract has been executed and (ii) private work projects for which we have been notified that we are the low bidder or have been given a notice to proceed, but no contract has been executed. Low bid/no contract backlog was $0.5 billion and $0.3 billion at September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. At September 30, 2024, we expected approximately 76% of our contract backlog to be completed during the next 12 months.
Certain customer contracts contain options that are exercisable at the discretion of our customer to award additional work to us, without requiring us to go through an additional competitive bidding process. In addition, some customer contracts also contain task orders that are signed under master contracts pursuant to which we perform work only when the customer awards specific task orders to us. Awarded contracts that include unexercised contract options and unissued task orders are included in contract backlog to the extent that the exercise of such options or the issuance of such task orders is probable.
Substantially all of the contracts in our contract backlog, as well as unexercised contract options and unissued task orders, may be canceled or modified at the election of the customer. Historically, we have not experienced material amounts of contract cancellations or modifications. Many projects are added to our contract backlog and completed within the same fiscal year and therefore may not be reflected in our beginning or year-end contract backlog. Contract backlog does not include external sales of HMA, aggregates, and liquid asphalt cement.
Insurance and Bonding
We maintain general and excess liability, property, workers’ compensation and medical insurance, all in amounts consistent with industry practice.
In the ordinary course of our business, we are required to provide various types of surety bonds that provide an additional measure of security to the customer for our performance under certain public and private sector contracts. Our ability to obtain surety bonds depends on our capitalization, working capital, past performance, management expertise and external factors, including the capacity of the overall surety market. Surety companies consider such factors in light of the amount of our contract backlog that we have bonded and their underwriting standards. The capacity of the surety market is subject to market-based fluctuations driven primarily by the level of surety industry losses and the degree of surety market consolidation. 
Competition
We compete against multiple competitors in many of the markets in which we operate. Competition is constrained in our industry because participants are limited by the distance that materials can be efficiently transported, resulting in a fragmented market with thousands of participants nationwide, many of which are local or regional operators. Our competitors typically range from small, family-owned companies focused on a single material, product or market to multinational corporations that offer a wide array of construction materials, products and paving and related services. Factors influencing our competitiveness include price, estimating abilities, knowledge of local markets and conditions, project management, financial strength, reputation for quality, aggregate materials 
6
Table of Contents
availability and machinery and equipment. We believe that we are well-positioned to compete effectively in the markets in which we operate.
Seasonality
The activity of our business fluctuates due to seasonality because our business is primarily conducted outdoors. Therefore, seasonal changes and other weather-related conditions, in particular extended snowy, rainy or cold weather and major weather events, such as hurricanes, tornadoes, tropical storms and heavy snows, can adversely affect our business and operations through a decline in both the use of our products and the demand for our services. In addition, construction materials production and shipment levels follow activity in the construction industry, which typically occurs in the spring, summer and fall. Warmer and drier weather during our third and fourth fiscal quarters typically result in higher activity and revenues during those quarters. Our first and second fiscal quarters typically have lower levels of activity due to adverse weather conditions. Our third fiscal quarter varies greatly with spring rains and wide temperature variations. A cool, wet spring increases drying time on projects, which can delay revenue, while a warm, dry spring may facilitate earlier project commencement dates.
Sources and Availability of Raw Materials
We purchase raw materials, including, but not limited to, diesel fuel, liquid asphalt, other petroleum-based resources, sand and rock from numerous sources. With few exceptions, we do not enter into long-term agreements to purchase raw materials. We receive quotes from suppliers, most with a “not to exceed” price for the quoted product over the life of a project. In the HMA production process, components of a mix include virgin aggregates, such as sand and rock, liquid asphalt, and reclaimed asphalt pavement (“RAP”). We are able to internally supply RAP, a byproduct of asphalt resurfacing projects, to all of our HMA plants, and virgin aggregates in some of our market areas. The majority of our HMA plants sit in or near suppliers’ aggregates facilities, thereby reducing the hauling cost of material to our plant. The price and availability of raw materials may vary from year to year due to market conditions and production capacities. We do not expect a lack of availability of any raw materials over the next 12 months.
Government and Environmental Regulations
Our operations are subject to stringent and complex federal, state and local laws and regulations governing the environmental, health and safety aspects of our operations or otherwise relating to environmental protection. These laws and regulations impose numerous obligations and limitations on our operations, including: 
•
zoning and other requirements to obtain a permit or other approval before conducting regulated activities;
•
restrictions on the types, quantities and concentration of materials that can be released into the environment;
•
limitation or prohibition of activities on certain lands lying within wilderness, wetlands, and other protected areas;
•
obligations to restore or reclaim former mining areas;
•
requirements to comply with specific health and safety criteria addressing worker protection; and
•
the imposition of substantial liabilities for pollution resulting from our operations.
Such federal laws include, but are not limited to, (i) the Federal Solid Waste Disposal Act, as amended by the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, the Pollution Prevention Act and the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act, governing solid and hazardous waste management, (ii) the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act and the Safe Drinking Water Act, protecting air and water resources, and (iii) the Emergency Planning and Community Right-to-Know Act and Toxic Substances Control Act, governing the management of hazardous materials, (iv) the federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977, requiring certain disclosures of mining-related health and safety violations, orders, citations, assessments, legal actions, and mining-related fatalities, and (v) the Occupational Safety and Health Act, governing working conditions for workers, in addition to analogous state laws. Numerous governmental authorities, such as the Environmental Protection Agency and corresponding state agencies, have the power to enforce compliance with these laws and regulations and the permits issued under them. Such enforcement actions often involve difficult and costly compliance measures or corrective actions. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations may result in the assessment of sanctions, including administrative, civil or criminal penalties, compensatory damages, injunctive relief, the imposition of investigatory or remedial obligations, and the issuance of orders limiting or prohibiting some or all of our operations. In addition, we may experience delays in obtaining, or be unable to obtain, required permits, which may delay or interrupt our operations and limit our growth and revenue.
Certain environmental laws impose strict liability (i.e., no showing of “fault” is required) as well as joint and several liability for costs required to remediate and restore sites where hazardous substances, hydrocarbons or solid wastes have been disposed, stored or released. We may be required to remediate contaminated properties currently or formerly owned or operated by us or at which we have disposed of materials, regardless of whether such contamination resulted from the conduct of others or from the consequences of our 
7
Table of Contents
own actions that complied with applicable laws at the time those actions were taken. In connection with certain acquisitions, we could assume, or be required to provide indemnification against, environmental liabilities that could expose us to material losses. Furthermore, the existence of contamination at properties we own, lease or operate could result in increased operational costs or restrictions on our ability to use those properties as intended, including for mining purposes.
In certain instances, citizen groups also have the ability to bring legal proceedings against us if we are not in compliance with environmental laws, or to challenge our ability to receive environmental permits that we need to operate. In addition, claims for damages to persons or property, including natural resources, may result from the environmental, health and safety impacts of our operations. Our insurance may not cover all environmental risks and costs or may not provide sufficient coverage if an environmental claim is made against us. Moreover, public interest in the protection of the environment has increased dramatically in recent years. The trend of more expansive and stringent environmental legislation and regulations applied to the construction industry could continue, resulting in increased costs of doing business and consequently affecting profitability.
We have incurred, and may in the future incur, significant capital and operating expenditures to comply with such laws and regulations. To the extent that laws are enacted or other governmental action is taken that restricts our operations or imposes more stringent and costly operating, waste handling, disposal and cleanup requirements, our business, prospects, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected. New laws, regulations and changing interpretations by regulatory authorities may increase our future expenditures to comply with environmental requirements.
We regularly monitor and review our operations, procedures, and policies for compliance with our operating permits and related laws and regulations. We believe that our operations and facilities, whether owned or leased, are in substantial compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations and that any existing non-compliance is not likely to have a material adverse effect on our operations or financial condition.
Industrial operations, including equipment maintenance and storage, asphalt manufacturing and processing, underground storage tank usage and other storage and use of hazardous materials and petroleum products, are conducted at our facilities, and in some cases, have been conducted at our facilities for more than 50 years. While we have conducted our operations in substantial compliance with applicable environmental laws, we have, from time to time, identified contamination associated with these activities at certain of our facilities. We have incurred costs in connection with the investigation and remediation of hazardous substances and petroleum products identified at several facilities, and investigation and remediation activities are ongoing at others. We may also become subject to similar liabilities in connection with prior and future acquisitions. We do not believe that liabilities associated with known or potential contamination at any of our facilities will have a material adverse effect on our operations or financial condition.  
Employees and Human Capital Resources
As of September 30, 2024, we employed 1,325 salaried employees and 3,595 hourly employees. The total number of hourly personnel at a given time is subject to the volume of projects in progress and fluctuates on a seasonal basis. During fiscal year 2024, the number of hourly employees ranged from 3,044 to 3,595 employees and averaged 3,256 employees. As of November 20, 2024, after giving effect to the Lone Star Acquisition, we employed 1,484 salaried employees and 4,218 hourly employees. We are not subject to any collective bargaining agreements with respect to any of our employees. We believe that we have strong relationships with our employees. 
Our business depends on a readily available supply of management, supervisory and field personnel. Attracting, training and retaining key personnel has been and will remain critical to our success. Through the use of our management information systems, on-the-job training, and educational seminars, employees are trained to understand the importance of project execution. We place additional focus on training related to estimating, project management and project cost control. Our crews typically specialize in a specific phase of construction, such as grading or paving, with each crew member assigned to a specific task in order to maximize daily production. A core tenet of our organizational philosophy is to promote from within and offer advancement opportunities at all levels of employment, which helps us retain talented employees. Moreover, we proactively recruit additional talent in both conventional and creative manners to fill open positions when promoting internally is not an option. Like others in our industry, we experience some recurring employee turnover; however, we have historically been able to attract sufficient numbers of personnel to support the growth of our operations. Nonetheless, we continue to face competition for experienced workers in all of our markets. 
We place a great emphasis on the safety of the public, our customers and our employees. To that end, we conduct extensive safety training programs, which have allowed us to maintain a high safety level at our worksites. All newly-hired employees undergo an initial safety orientation, and for certain types of projects and processes, we conduct specific hazard training programs. Our project foremen and superintendents conduct on-site safety meetings, and our full-time safety inspectors make random site safety inspections and perform assessments. In addition, certain operational employees are required to complete a safety course approved by the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (“OSHA”) or the Mine Safety and Health Administration (“MSHA”), as applicable. Moreover, we promote a culture of safety by encouraging employees to immediately correct and report all unsafe conditions. 
8
Table of Contents
Website Information
We maintain a website at www.constructionpartners.net. Certain corporate governance information, filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) and other information of potential interest to our stockholders are available free of charge through the “Investors” page of our website. These include, for example, our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to such reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”). These documents are made available as soon as reasonably practicable after they are filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. Information on, or accessible through, our website is not part of or incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We have included the website address only as an inactive textual reference and do not intend for it to be an active link to the website. We will provide electronic or paper copies of our periodic and current reports to stockholders free of charge upon written request to: Construction Partners, Inc., Attention: Corporate Secretary, 290 Healthwest Drive, Suite 2, Dothan, Alabama 36303. In addition, the SEC maintains a website at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding us and other issuers that file electronically with the SEC.