Item 1A. Risk Factors,” cybersecurity attacks are continually evolving to become more sophisticated and, while we have invested in the protection of our data and information technology to reduce the risk of a cybersecurity incident, our efforts may not be effective in preventing breakdowns or breaches in our systems.
24
Table of Contents
Governance
Role of the Board. 
 Our board of directors exercises direct oversight of our strategic risks through its oversight of our enterprise risk management function. The Audit Committee of the board of directors in particular is responsible for overseeing our IT security controls and the adequacy of our IT security program, compliance and controls with management. As part of such oversight, the board of directors, including members of the Audit Committee, receive periodic reports from management and our third-party service providers to assess the primary cybersecurity risks we face. 
Role of Management.
 Our Senior Vice President, Information Technology and our Director of Information Security are together responsible for the day-to-day management of our cybersecurity risks. These professionals have extensive experience in the information technology area, including cybersecurity. In particular, our Senior Vice President, Information Technology has more than 30 years of professional experience in the field of management information systems and information security, including with other companies in our industry. Further, our Director of Information Security has more than 20 years of experience in the information security area, with a career spanning roles with the U.S. Air Force, healthcare, academia and private consulting, and holds various certifications related to cybersecurity. 
Security Incident Response Plan. 
We have a security incident response plan in place. The incident response plan is a set of coordinated procedures that our incident response team executes with the goal of ensuring timely and accurate resolution of cybersecurity incidents.