Item 3.
Legal Proceedings
27
Item 4.
Mine Safety Disclosures
27
Part II
Item 5.
Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
28
Item 6.
[Reserved]
29
Item 7.
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
30
Item 7A.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk
36
Item 8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
37
Item 9.
Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
37
Item 9A.
Controls and Procedures
37
Item 9B.
Other Information
38
Item 9C.
Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections
38
Part III
Item 10.
Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
39
Item 11.
Executive Compensation
39
Item 12.
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
39
Item 13.
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
39
Item 14.
Principal Accounting Fees and Services
39
Part IV
Item 15.
Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules
40
Item 16.
Form 10–K Summary
42
Cautionary

Statement
Except for the historical financial information and statements that relate solely to historical facts contained herein, the matters discussed in this report on Form 10-K (as well as documents incorporated herein by reference) may be considered “forward-looking” statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Such forward-looking statements include declarations regarding the intent, belief or current expectations of Silicon Laboratories Inc. and its management and may be signified by the words “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” “anticipate,” “plan,” “project,” “will” or similar language. You are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include those discussed under “Risk Factors” and elsewhere in this report. Silicon Laboratories disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
1
Table of Contents
Part I