Item 3. Legal Proceedings

In the ordinary course of business, we are from time to time involved in lawsuits, claims, investigations, proceedings, and threats of litigation related to intellectual property (“IP”), commercial arrangements and other matters. The outcome of any such legal proceedings, regardless of the merits, is inherently uncertain. In addition, litigation and related matters are costly and may divert the attention of our management and other resources that would otherwise be engaged in other activities. If we were unable to prevail in any such legal proceedings, our business, results of operations, liquidity and financial condition could be adversely affected.

BlueAllele Corp. v. Intellia Therapeutics, Inc.

On July 8, 2024, BlueAllele Corp. (“BlueAllele”) filed a complaint alleging infringement by Intellia of various patents in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware. Specifically, BlueAllele alleges that our experimentation, basic research, identification, optimization, manufacturing and/or use of bi-directional insertion template technology infringes the asserted patents and seeks, 
inter alia
, unspecified compensatory damages and an injunction against the alleged infringing activities. On September 12, 2024, we filed a motion to dismiss the complaint, and on December 9, 2024, the court denied the motion to dismiss and discovery began. On January 6, 2025, we filed our answer and counterclaims, and BlueAllele filed a motion to dismiss our counterclaims on January 27, 2025. On February 21, 2025, the court substantially denied BlueAllele’s motion to dismiss, and granted the motion with respect to one counterclaim.

Gonzalez v. Intellia Therapeutics, Inc.

On February 11, 2025, a purported stockholder of the Company filed a lawsuit, captioned 
Gonzalez v. Intellia Therapeutics, Inc.
, No. 1:25-cv-01353 (D. Mass.), in the U.S. District Court for the District of Massachusetts against the Company and certain of our officers on behalf of a putative class of stockholders who purchased Company shares from July 30, 2024 through January 8, 2025. The complaint alleges claims under Sections 10(b) and 20(a) and Rule 10b-5 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”) premised upon statements relating to the Company’s NTLA-3001 program and the demand for viral-based editing. The complaint seeks unspecified damages, interest, reasonable attorneys’ fees and other costs. We intend to defend vigorously against the claims.

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures

Not applicable.

76

PART II

Item 5. Market for the Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol “NTLA.”

As of February 14, 2025, the number of holders of record of our common stock was 13. The actual number of holders of our common stock is greater than this number of record holders, and includes stockholders who are beneficial owners, but whose shares are held in street name by brokers or held by other nominees. The number of holders of record also does not include stockholders whose shares may be held in trust by other entities.

Dividends

We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our capital stock. We intend to retain all of our future earnings, if any, to finance the growth and development of our business. We do not intend to pay cash dividends to our stockholders in the foreseeable future.

Stock Performance Graph

The following graph shows a comparison from December 31, 2019 through December 31, 2024, of the cumulative total return on an assumed investment of $100.00 in cash in our common stock, the Nasdaq Composite Index and the Nasdaq Biotechnology Index. Such returns are based on historical results and are not intended to suggest future performance. Data for the Nasdaq Composite Index and the Nasdaq Biotechnology Index assume reinvestment of dividends.

77

The performance graph in this Item 5 is not deemed to be “soliciting material” or to be “filed” with the Securities and Exchange Commission for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that Section, and shall not be deemed incorporated by reference into any of our filings under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, except to the extent we specifically incorporate it by reference into such a filing.

Equity Compensation Plans

The information required by Item 5 of Form 10-K regarding equity compensation plans is incorporated herein by reference to Item 12 of Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

We did not purchase any of our registered equity securities during the period covered by this Annual Report.

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds

None.

Item 6. [Reserved].

78

Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

Our management’s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which have been prepared by us in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“U.S. GAAP”) and with Regulation S-X, promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. This discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with these consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis or set forth elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including information with respect to our plans and strategy for our business, includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. As a result of many factors, including those factors set forth in Part I,