Item 1. 
Business
The Company
Science Applications International Corporation (herein referred to as “SAIC,” the “Company,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) is a leading provider of technical, engineering and enterprise information technology ("IT") services primarily to the U.S. government. The Company provides these services for large, complex projects with a targeted emphasis on higher-end, differentiated technology services and solutions that accelerate and transform secure and resilient digital environments through systems design, development, modernization, integration, and sustainment to drive enterprise and mission outcomes. Our end-to-end enterprise IT offerings span the entire spectrum of our customers' IT infrastructure. 
Our business has a long and successful history of over 50 years serving all military forces (Army, Air Force, Navy, Marines, Coast Guard, and Space Force) and agencies of the Department of Defense ("DoD"), National Aeronautics and Space Administration ("NASA"), U.S. Department of State, Department of Justice, Department of Homeland Security and members of the Intelligence Community. We serve our customers through approximately 1,700 active contracts and task orders. We have approximately 24,000 employees that are led by an experienced executive team of proven industry leaders. 
Effective February 3, 2024, the first day of fiscal 2025, we completed a business reorganization which replaced our previous two operating sectors with five customer facing business groups supported by the enterprise organizations, including the Innovation Factory. The five business groups, which are also our operating segments, are aggregated into two reportable segments for financial reporting purposes given the similarity in economic and qualitative characteristics, and based on the nature of the customers they serve. Our two reportable segments are the Defense and Intelligence segment and the Civilian segment. 
The Defense and Intelligence segment provides a diverse portfolio of national security solutions to the DoD and Intelligence Community of the United States Government. 
The Civilian segment provides solutions to the civilian markets, encompassing federal, state, and local governments, in order to deliver services for citizen well-being, border security, and protecting lives. This includes integrating solutions into a spectrum of public service missions that impact travel, trade, health and the economy.
The offerings of both reportable segments entail the integration of emerging technologies into mission critical operations that modernize and enable national imperatives, including IT modernization, digital engineering, artificial intelligence ("AI"), mission systems support and advisory, training and simulation, and ground vehicles support. These services include end-to-end solutions spanning the design, development, integration, deployment, management and operations, sustainment and security of the customers’ entire IT infrastructure.
Our long-standing customer relationships have enabled us to achieve an in-depth understanding of our customers’ missions and provide differentiated service offerings to meet our customers’ most complex requirements. Through our offerings, we provide end-to-end services spanning the design, development, integration, deployment, management and operations, sustainment and security of our customers’ entire IT infrastructure. Our offerings include:
IT Modernization: 
We help defense, intelligence, and civilian agencies reimagine the way they accomplish their objectives through digital transformation by providing next-generation cloud computing, cybersecurity, and software capabilities. We modernize enterprise IT environments for government customers and then operate and maintain them via their preferred service delivery methods.
Digital Engineering: 
Our digital engineering integrates industry-leading tools and processes for design; engineering; analytics; modeling, simulation and visualization; and manufacturing execution, all within a secure and collaborative ecosystem to ensure faster systems outcomes for our customers. 
Artificial Intelligence ("AI"): 
We deploy and integrate AI solutions for customers, including AI solutions that assist with the design, deployment, and management of AI applications and allow customers to work with their complex and sensitive data to power the most demanding analytics, data science, and AI use cases. 
1
Table of Contents
SCIENCE APPLICATIONS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION
Weapon Systems Support: 
We design, build, modify, integrate, and sustain weapon systems across all branches of the U.S. military, ensuring mission readiness on land, at sea, and in the air.
Training and Simulation: 
We are invested in accelerating the adoption and application of immersive technologies that solve pressing human performance and operational efficiency challenges.
Ground Vehicles Support: 
We integrate, modify, upgrade, and sustain ground vehicles for our nation's armed forces, leveraging commercial products and in-house solutions to address some of the toughest challenges facing warfighters. Our experts in cybersecurity, enhanced surveillance, secure communications, mobility, and more apply core as well as emerging capabilities to address evolving mission needs.
Our Innovation Factory supports the operating segments by developing enterprise-class solutions which are delivered to our customers as stand-alone solutions or integrated with and aligned to our product offerings through the operations of the business to meet complex customer needs and accelerate digital transformation. The Innovation Factory includes designated teams focused on AI, application development, network services, platforms and cloud, engineering, and cybersecurity. It uses a highly automated, cloud-hosted tool set to rapidly build, test and deploy solutions and works with customers to enhance solutions going forward.
Within this report, we have recast historical financial information to reflect the new reportable segments. The recast historical information has no impact on our previously reported consolidated financial statements.
SAIC integrates emerging technology securely and in real-time into mission critical operations that modernize and enable national imperatives:
Undersea Dominance: 
We deliver systems to ensure the U.S. maintains proactive control over every threat in the undersea domain.
Border of the Future: 
We support integrated systems across all ports of entry (i.e., land, sea, air) for all U.S. travel, trade, contraband detection, and immigration functions.
Citizen Experience: 
We drive commercial-quality U.S. government service delivery through scalable solutions that innovate mission outcomes of legacy systems.
All Domain Warfighting: 
We develop integrated conflict deterrence, combat preparedness, and data connectivity capabilities for the U.S. Military and Intelligence Community.
Next Generation Space: 
We integrate advanced solutions to enable the rapid deployment of future space missions.
Our core strengths have supported our successful performance on programs of national importance. Those strengths include:
Enduring Customer Relationships and Mission-Orientation. 
We have strong and long-lasting customer relationships throughout the U.S. government. Our track record of serving the missions of our government customers spans decades, including several enduring customer relationships that have lasted 20 years or more. Our employees, many of whom are deployed at customer sites, work closely with our customers in fulfilling their missions. Our strong customer relationships enable us to develop deep customer knowledge and translate our mission understanding into successful program execution that fosters continued demand for our services.
Full Life Cycle Offerings. 
We integrate technologies and deliver services that provide our customers with seamless end-to-end solutions. Our expertise includes initial requirements definition, development and integration services, training, logistics and sustainment. These full life cycle offerings, combined with deep customer knowledge, allow us to more effectively support our customers’ missions.
Significant Scale and Diversified Contract Base. 
With approximately $7.5 billion in revenue in fiscal 2025, we are one of the largest pure-play technology service providers to the U.S. government. Our significant scale advantage enables us to serve as a prime systems integrator on large, complex programs and to allocate resources toward further developing and expanding our repeatable, proven solutions and differentiated 
2
Table of Contents
SCIENCE APPLICATIONS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION
technical capabilities. Our diversified revenue base consists of programs ranging from research and development to operations and maintenance.
Technical Experts Led by Experienced Management. 
The quality, training and knowledge of our employees are important competitive assets. Our skilled workforce ranges from entry-level technicians to expert-level, highly cleared professionals in network engineering, software design and development, IT modernization, logistics, technology integration and systems engineering. Additionally, the majority of our workforce holds an active security clearance, which is required on many of our existing programs and future program opportunities.
Our workforce is led by a talented and experienced senior leadership team with a long history of solving our customers’ most difficult challenges. Our executive team consists of members who have served as senior leaders in public companies and are recognized as leaders in their respective markets by customers and partners.
Repeatable Methodologies and Certified Processes. 
Our technical excellence is driven by our proven, repeatable, disciplined processes for management, engineering, technical support and services. We deploy our tools and processes enterprise-wide and emphasize a consistent approach to planning, designing and delivering solutions and services to our customers. We hold certifications from the International Organization for Standardization ("ISO") (including ISO 9001, ISO/IEC 27001, and AS9100D),

and from the Capability Maturity Model Integration Institute as a CMMI®-DEV Maturity Level 3 organization.
Acquisitions and Divestitures
On May 6, 2023, SAIC closed the sale of its logistics and supply chain management business ("Supply Chain Business") to ASRC Federal Holding Company, LLC ("ASRC Federal"). The sale enables the us to focus its resources on long-term strategic growth areas.
On February 4, 2023, the we sold 0.1% of our 50.1% majority ownership interest in Forfeiture Support Associates J.V. ("FSA") to its sole joint venture partner for a nominal amount. As a result of the sale and amendment to the joint venture operating agreement of FSA, we no longer control the joint venture and accounts for its retained interest as an equity method investment as of the date of the transaction. 
For additional discussion and analysis related to recent business developments, see “Economic Opportunities, Challenges, and Risks” in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in Part II, Item 7 of this report.
Key Customers
In fiscal 2025, 2024 and 2023, 98% of our total revenues were attributable to prime contracts with the U.S. government or to subcontracts with other contractors engaged in work for the U.S. government. 
In fiscal 2025 and fiscal 2024, approximately 52% of our total revenues were attributable to the "Department of Defense", while 46% were attributable to "Intelligence and other federal government agencies" and the remainder attributable to "Commercial, state and local governments and international" customers. 
In fiscal 2023, 49% of our total revenues were attributable to both the "Department of Defense" and "Intelligence and other federal government agencies" respectively, with the remainder attributable to "Commercial, state and local governments and international" customers.
 Substantially all of our revenues were earned by entities located in the United States. 
Regulation
As a government contractor, we operate in a heavily regulated environment and are subject to various laws, regulations, and policies at the federal, state, and local levels. The Federal Acquisition Regulation ("FAR") is the primary regulation governing the procurement process for U.S. government contracts. Together with various agency-specific supplements, the FAR governs the terms and conditions of government contracts, including bidding, performance, and pricing, and imposes specific compliance obligations related to security, intellectual property, data privacy, and environmental regulations. For contracts with the DoD, we are subject to the Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement ("DFARS"), which imposes additional requirements on defense contractors, 
3
Table of Contents
SCIENCE APPLICATIONS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION
including specific cybersecurity measures, contractor security clearances, and compliance with the Defense Contract Audit Agency ("DCAA") and Defense Contract Management Agency ("DCMA") audit and oversight processes. The DFARS also includes clauses related to the protection of classified and sensitive information, with which we must comply when handling such materials. The regulations govern contract pricing and reimbursable costs by, among other things, requiring government contractors to provide cost or pricing data when negotiating certain government contracts, defining allowable and unallowable costs, and otherwise governing the right to reimbursement under various flexibly priced contracts. 
The U.S. government may revise its procurement practices or adopt new contract rules and regulations at any time. In some cases, such changes could have an adverse impact on our profitability and ability to win new business. The DoD is increasingly using procedures like “other transaction authority” agreements ("OTAs") to accelerate the procurement process for emerging technologies. OTAs bypass many of the formal and time-consuming requirements found in the typical government contracting process, reducing the barriers to entry and consequently increasing competition from companies that previously did not compete for public sector work. In addition, modifications to cost-reimbursement contract structures could limit our ability to seek reimbursement of certain costs and overhead expenses and therefore erode our profit margins.
Most of our contracts are subject to the Cost Accounting Standards ("CAS"), which are a set of rules and guidelines that govern how companies account for costs on government contracts. We must ensure that our cost accounting practices comply with CAS requirements, which include specific methods for handling indirect costs, overhead rates, and labor allocation.
The U.S. government may terminate our contracts and subcontracts at any time either at its convenience or for default, based on our failure to meet specified performance requirements. If a contract is terminated for convenience, we generally are entitled to the costs already incurred on the contract and profit on those costs. If a contract is terminated for default, we should be entitled to payment for our work that the government customer has accepted.
Some of our operations and service offerings require us to access personally identifiable information and protected health information. These activities are regulated by extensive federal and state privacy and data security laws requiring rigorous privacy protections and security safeguards. 
Our business and operations are subject to both U.S. and non-U.S. laws, regulations, and procurement policies and practices, including regulations relating to lobbying, conflicts of interest, import-export controls, foreign investment, tariffs, taxation, exchange controls, repatriation of earnings, and the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other anti-corruption laws. Violations of these laws could result in financial penalties, suspension or debarment, and/or the loss of government contracts. We have policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with these laws and regulations, and a robust ethics and compliance program to maintain a compliance-oriented workforce. We are also susceptible to varying political and economic risks.
The regulations and risks affecting our business are described in more detail under “Risk Factors” in Part I, Item 1A of this report.
Contracts
We must comply with and are affected by laws and regulations relating to the formation, administration and performance of U.S. government and other contracts. The U.S. government procurement environment has evolved due to statutory and regulatory procurement reform initiatives. Budgetary pressures and reforms in the procurement process have increasingly caused many U.S. government agencies to purchase services and solutions using contracting processes that give them the ability to select multiple winners or pre-qualify certain contractors to provide various services or solutions on established general terms and conditions rather than through single award contracts. The predominant contracting methods through which U.S. government agencies procure services and solutions include the following:
Single Award Contracts. 
U.S. government agencies may procure services and solutions through single award contracts, which specify the scope of work that will be delivered and identify the contractor that will provide the specified services. When an agency has a requirement, interested contractors are solicited, qualified and then provided with a request for proposal. The process of qualifying prospective bidders, soliciting proposals and evaluating contractor bids and selection process can take a year or more to complete. This method of contracting may provide the contractor with greater certainty of the timing and amounts to be received at the 
4
Table of Contents
SCIENCE APPLICATIONS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION
time of contract award because it generally results in the customer contracting for a specific scope of work from the single successful awardee.
Sole Source Award Contracts. 
U.S. government agencies may procure services and solutions through sole source award contracts in situations where only one contractor is deemed to qualify to provide the specified services due to proprietary technology, unique capabilities, or specialized expertise. This method bypasses the competitive bidding process, and a detailed justification must be approved by the U.S. government agency to ensure that no other contractor can meet the specified requirements. Similar to single award contracts, this method provides the contractor with greater certainty regarding the timing and amounts to be received at the time of contract award.
Indefinite Delivery, Indefinite Quantity ("IDIQ") Contracts. 
The U.S. government uses IDIQ contracts to obtain commitments from contractors to provide certain services or solutions on pre-established terms and conditions. The U.S. government then issues task orders under the IDIQ contracts to purchase the specific services or solutions it needs. IDIQ contracts are awarded to one or more contractors following a competitive procurement process. Under a single award IDIQ contract, all task orders under that contract are awarded to one pre-selected contractor. Under a multi-award IDIQ contract, task orders can be awarded to any of the pre-selected contractors, which can result in further limited competition for the award of task orders. Multi-award IDIQ contracts that are open for any government agency to use for the procurement of services are commonly referred to

as “government-wide acquisition contracts.” IDIQ contracts often have multi-year terms and unfunded ceiling amounts that enable, but not commit, the U.S. government to purchase substantial amounts of services or solutions from one or more contractors. At the time an IDIQ contract is awarded (prior to the issuance of any task orders), a contractor may have limited or no visibility as to the ultimate amount of services or solutions that the U.S. government will purchase under the contract, and, in the case of

a multi-award IDIQ, the contractor from which such purchases may be made.
U.S. General Services Administration ("GSA") Schedule Contracts. 
The GSA maintains listings of approved suppliers of services and solutions with pre-negotiated prices for use throughout the U.S. government. In order for a company to provide services under a GSA Schedule contract, a company must be pre-qualified and awarded a contract by the GSA. When an agency uses a GSA Schedule to meet its requirements, the agency (or the GSA on behalf of the agency) conducts the procurement and bidders are limited to GSA Schedule-qualified contractors. GSA Schedule contracts are designed to provide the user agency with reduced procurement time and lower procurement costs. Similar to IDIQ contracts, at the time a GSA Schedule contract is awarded, a contractor may have limited or no visibility as to the ultimate amount of services or solutions that customers will ultimately purchase under the contract.
Other Transaction Authority (“OTA”) Agreements.
 The U.S. government may procure and enter into OTA agreements, which are used for research projects, prototype development or follow-on production to encourage rapid innovation and technological advancement. The OTA process includes submitting proposals, being selected as a partner and negotiating terms which bypasses the traditional FAR contracts procurement processes.
Contract Types
Generally, the type of contract used for the acquisition of our services and solutions is determined by or negotiated with the U.S. government and may depend on certain factors, including: the type and complexity of the work to be performed; degree and timing of the responsibility to be assumed by the contractor for the costs of performance; the extent of price competition; and the amount and nature of the profit incentive offered to the contractor for achieving or exceeding specified standards or goals. We generate revenues under several types of contracts, including the following:
•
Cost-reimbursement contracts include cost-plus-fixed-fee, award-fee and incentive-fee contracts. These contracts provide for reimbursement of our direct contract costs and allocable indirect costs, plus a fee (contract profit). These types of contracts are generally used when uncertainties involved in contract performance do not permit costs to be estimated with sufficient accuracy to use a fixed-price contract. Cost-reimbursement contracts usually subject us to lower risk and generally require us to use our best efforts to accomplish the scope of the work within a specified time and amount of costs. Award and incentive fee contracts generally are based on certain performance criteria including technical performance and quality.
5
Table of Contents
SCIENCE APPLICATIONS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION
•
Time-and-materials ("T&M") contracts typically provide for negotiated fixed hourly rates for specified categories of direct labor plus reimbursement of other direct costs. This type of contract is generally used when there is uncertainty of the extent or duration of the work to be performed by the contractor at the time of contract award or it is not possible to anticipate costs with any reasonable degree of confidence. On T&M contracts, we assume the risk of providing appropriately qualified staff to perform these contracts at the hourly rates set forth in the contracts over their period of performance. Fixed-price-level-of-effort contracts are similar except they require a specified level of effort over a specified period of time and payment is based on effort expended.
•
Firm-fixed price ("FFP") contracts provide for a predetermined price for specific solutions. These contracts offer us potential increased profits if we can complete the work at lower costs than planned. While FFP contracts allow us to benefit from cost savings, these contracts also increase our exposure to reduced profits or losses from increased or unexpected costs.
Our earnings and profitability may vary materially depending on changes in the proportionate amount of revenues derived from each type of contract, the nature of services or solutions provided, as well as the achievement of performance objectives and the stage of performance at which the right to receive fees is finally determined. Given the relative amount of risk assumed by the contractor, cost-reimbursement and T&M contracts generally have lower profitability than FFP contracts. For the proportionate amount of revenues derived from each type of contract for the last three fiscal years, see “Other Key Performance Measures—Contract Types” in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in Part II, Item 7 of this report.
Competition
Competition for contracts is intense, and we often compete against a large number of established multinational companies, which may have greater name recognition, financial resources and larger technical staffs than we do. We also compete against smaller, more specialized companies that concentrate their resources on particular areas, as well as the U.S. government’s own capabilities. As a result of the diverse requirements of the U.S. government, we frequently collaborate with other companies to compete for large contracts and bid against these same companies in other situations. Our principal competitors include the following:
•
the engineering and technical services divisions of large defense contractors that provide IT services in addition to other hardware systems and products, which include companies such as General Dynamics Corporation, Northrop Grumman Corporation, and RTX Corporation;
•
contractors focused principally on technical and IT services, such as Booz Allen Hamilton Inc., CACI International, Inc., Leidos Holdings, Inc., ManTech International Corporation, and Serco Group plc; and
•
diversified commercial providers that also provide U.S. government IT services, such as Accenture plc and International Business Machines Corporation.
We compete on various factors, which include: our technical expertise and qualified and/or security-cleared personnel; our ability to deliver innovative cost-effective solutions in a timely manner; successful program execution on previous programs; our reputation and standing with customers; pricing; and the size and geographic presence of our Company.
Competition within the government services industry has intensified, which has led to fewer sole-source awards and an increased emphasis on cost competitiveness and affordability. In addition, procurement initiatives to improve efficiency, refocus priorities, increase small business awards and enhance best practices could result in fewer new opportunities for our industry as a whole, which would intensify competition within the industry as companies compete for a more limited set of new programs.
Patents and Proprietary Information
Our technical services and solutions are not generally dependent on patent protection, although we do selectively seek patent protection. We claim a proprietary interest in certain of our solutions, software programs, methodologies and know-how. This proprietary information is protected by copyrights, trade secrets, licenses, contracts and other means. We selectively pursue opportunities to license or transfer our technologies to third parties.
6
Table of Contents
SCIENCE APPLICATIONS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION
In connection with the performance of services, the U.S. government has certain rights to inventions, data, software codes and related material that we develop under U.S. government-funded contracts and subcontracts. Generally, the U.S. government may disclose or license such information to third parties, including, in some instances, our competitors. In the case of some subcontracts that we perform, the prime contractor may also have certain rights to the programs and solutions that we develop under the subcontract.
People and Culture
Our success starts with our people. Because our business focuses on high-end solutions in mission IT, enterprise IT, engineering services, and professional services, the ability to acquire, develop, and retain highly skilled talent is central to our operations and prosperity. As of January 31, 2025, we employed approximately 24,000
 individuals, including 
more than 6,000 active military or veterans.
Our corporate values of innovation, inclusion and integrity underpin our culture, and that culture is key to advancing long-term shareholder interests. At SAIC, we strive for the most innovative solutions and best business results by respecting our people and partnering passionately with our customers and communities. We empower our people to take appropriate risks and leverage emerging technology to solve our customers’ most complex problems. Our employees excel because they are invested in our Company, our mission, and our customers’ success.
We work each day to create an environment where engaged employees perform meaningful work with purpose. We deliver solutions to our customers' most challenging problems while giving our employees opportunities to develop their careers through every phase of the talent lifecycle in a flexible and healthy work environment. Our commitment to our employees, and their commitment to our Company, are reflected in our fiscal 2025 culture survey results, where we achieved our highest overall score in five years ― exceeding certain national benchmarks by 6%. This mutual commitment is further illustrated by our employees’ generous donations of time and money to support SAIC’s three giving pillars of focus: military heroes, community wellness, and science, technology, engineering and mathematics ("STEM"). Last year, our employees volunteered 33,000 hours in their communities. At the same time, the SAIC Charitable Foundation (the "Foundation"), a public 501(c)(3) organization created by SAIC, collected emergency relief funds for employees faced with unforeseen financial hardships, such as those caused by natural disasters. In calendar year 2024, the Foundation awarded grants for more than $235,000 in direct support to our employees.
Our customers and the business community recognize and appreciate our innovative workforce. In fiscal 2025, we received several noteworthy accolades, including Fortune’s Sector Leaders in Technology; The Wall Street Journal & Drucker Institute 250 Best-Managed Companies of 2024; and Forbes' America’s Best Employers for Engineers.
Talent Development
In fiscal 2025, we continued to invest in our workforce through various talent development and retention initiatives, such as “upskilling,” rotational assignments, and leadership development programs. We have more than 20 third-party partners that help us deliver a wide range of job-specific training. In addition to technical and professional skills training, we offer higher education and tuition assistance programs for continuing education and industry certifications. Our employees completed more than 140,000 training hours, or nearly six hours per employee.
We seek to build our leadership team from within our workforce, with merit-based promotions of the most qualified candidates. We invest in tomorrow’s leaders by providing leadership development programs such as Leadership 365 and Developing Frontline Leaders. More than 450 employees participated in leadership development programs for nearly 8,500 hours of training. We also had more than 300 early career professionals joined us for internships.
When we need to hire externally, we focus on identifying and attracting highly skilled, exceptional talent. Employee referrals often result in our best-performing new hires. In fiscal 2025, more than 21% of our approximately 5,000 new employees came from employee referrals. With a voluntary attrition rate of approximately 13% in the current fiscal year, we are an industry leader in employee retention, having steadily decreased voluntary turnover as a percentage of employees over the past three years.
Supporting Well-being
We are committed to the health and well-being of our workforce. Our employees’ safety is paramount, and we actively work to prevent workplace hazards. We also encourage our employees to participate in health and wellness 
7
Table of Contents
SCIENCE APPLICATIONS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION
initiatives. Our wellness program helps employees incorporate healthy actions into everyday life through useful resources and valuable incentives. We offer a suite of convenient, easily accessible tools to support wellness, whether an employee works at an SAIC facility, at a customer site, or remotely. Our Employee Assistance Program provides confidential counseling, personal financial guidance and resources, legal support, and work-life assistance. We are committed to providing accommodations to employees with disabilities that enable them to perform the essential functions of their job and enjoy equal employment opportunities.
Research and Development
For information related to our research and development activities, see Note 1—Business Overview and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to the consolidated financial statements contained within this report.
Seasonality
The U.S. government’s fiscal year ends on September 30. It is not uncommon for U.S. government agencies to award extra tasks or complete other contract actions leading up to the end of its fiscal year in order to avoid the loss of unexpended fiscal year funds, which may favorably impact our third fiscal quarter. In addition, revenues may be unfavorably impacted during our fourth fiscal quarter due to a greater number of holidays and higher utilization of vacation time.
Environmental Matters
Our operations are subject to various foreign, federal, state, and local environmental protection and health and safety laws and regulations. Although we do not currently anticipate that compliance costs or the liabilities associated with environmental laws will adversely affect our business, financial position, and results of operations and/or cash flows, it is possible that we may incur material costs or liabilities in the future. These regulations and risks are described in more detail under “Risk Factors” in Part I, Item 1A of this report.
Executive Officers
For information about our executive officers, see “Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance” in Part III, Item 10 of this report.
Company Website and Available Information
Our corporate headquarters is located at 12010 Sunset Hills Road, Reston, VA 20190. Our phone number is (703) 676-4300 and our homepage is 
www.saic.com
, which contains information about our Company and operations. Through a link on the Investor Relations section of our website, copies of each of our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") can be viewed and downloaded free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after the reports and amendments are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. The information on our website is not incorporated by reference into and is not a part of this report.
You may also request hard copies of the materials referenced in the preceding paragraph, at no cost, by emailing investor relations at InvestorRelations@saic.com.
8
Table of Contents
SCIENCE APPLICATIONS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION