Item 1. Business" of this Annual Report. 
Our Chief Executive Officer is our largest stockholder and can exert significant influence over matters submitted to our stockholders, which could materially adversely affect our other stockholders.
As of December 31, 2024, our Chief Executive Officer beneficially owned approximately 46 percent of our outstanding common stock. As a result, he has the ability to exert significant influence over all matters submitted to our stockholders for approval, including the election and removal of directors and any merger, consolidation, or sale of our assets. Under Massachusetts law and our governing documents, approval of a merger, share exchange or sale of all or substantially all of our assets requires approval of two-thirds of all shares entitled to vote. As a result, this concentration of ownership may delay or prevent a change in control, impede a merger, consolidation, takeover, or other business combination involving us, discourage a potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us, or result in actions that may be opposed by other stockholders.
If we are unsuccessful in the appeal of the trial court judgment in our litigation with Appian Corp., our operating results and financial condition would be adversely impacted.
We are currently party to litigation with Appian Corp. — see Part I, Item 3 “Legal Proceedings” and "Note 20. Commitments And Contingencies" in the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. On September 15, 2022, the circuit court of Fairfax County entered judgment for Appian in the amount of $2,060,479,287 with post-judgment interest. The Company filed a notice of appeal from the judgment the same day with the Court of Appeals of Virginia. On September 29, 2022, the circuit court approved the $25,000,000 letter of credit obtained by the Company to secure the judgment and suspended the judgment during the pendency of the Company’s appeal. A panel of the Court of Appeals of Virginia heard oral arguments on November 15, 2023, and issued a written opinion on July 30, 2024. The Court of Appeals reversed the judgment on Appian’s Virginia Uniform Trade Secrets Act claim and ordered a new trial on that claim. Appian filed a petition for appeal with the Supreme Court of Virginia on August 29, 2024, and we filed a response to the petition on October 21, 2024. Under the Court’s rules, Appian is entitled to a 10-minute oral argument in support of its petition. The Supreme Court of Virginia scheduled that argument for February 11, 2025. Although it is not possible to predict timing, the entirety of the appeals process could potentially take years to complete. We continue to believe we did not misappropriate any alleged trade secrets and that sales of our products at issue were not caused by, or the result of, any alleged misappropriation of trade secrets. We are unable to reasonably estimate possible damages because of, among other things, uncertainty as to the outcome of appellate proceedings and/or any potential new trial resulting from the appellate proceedings.
We believe we have strong grounds to prevail in the appeal and a potential retrial. But if we are ultimately unsuccessful in prevailing in the matter in its entirety or in substantially reducing any judgment, we may be required to incur additional debt or otherwise engage in capital markets transactions, which may include a public offering or private placement of our equity securities or a sale or license of assets. While we believe we have the financial strength to pay the judgment and accrued interest thereon if it ever became necessary, it is possible that we may not be able to engage in financing activities on desirable terms, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. Further discussion of these risks is contained below under the heading “Risks Related to Our Financial Obligations and Indebtedness.” 
14
Risks Related to Information Technology Resilience and Security
We face risks related to outages, data losses, and disruptions of our online services if we fail to maintain an adequate operations infrastructure. 
The increasing user traffic for our Pega Cloud offering demands more computing power. It requires that we maintain an internet connectivity infrastructure that is robust and reliable within competitive and regulatory constraints that continue to evolve. Inefficiencies or operational failures, including temporary or permanent loss of client data, power outages, or telecommunications infrastructure outages, by our third-party service providers or us, could diminish the quality of our user experience resulting in contractual liability, claims by clients and others, damage to our reputation, loss of current and potential clients, and negatively impact our operating results and financial condition.
Security of our systems and global client data is a growing challenge. Cyber-attacks and security breaches may expose us to significant legal and financial liabilities. 
High-profile security breaches at other companies have increased in recent years. Security industry experts and government officials have warned about the risks of hackers and cyber-attackers targeting information technology products and businesses. Threats to IT security can take a variety of forms. Individual hackers, groups of hackers, and sophisticated organizations, including state-sponsored organizations, or nation-states themselves, may take steps that threaten our clients, suppliers, third-party technology providers, and us. 
Although we are not aware of having experienced any prior material data breaches, regulatory non-compliance incidents or cyber security incidents, we may in the future be impacted by such an event, exposing our clients and us to a risk of someone obtaining access to our information, to information of our clients or their customers, or to our intellectual property, disabling or degrading service, or sabotaging systems or information. Any such security breach could result in a loss of confidence in the security of our services, damage our reputation, disrupt our business, require us to incur significant costs of investigation, remediation and/or payment of a ransom, lead to legal liability, negatively impact our future sales, and result in a substantial financial loss. Additionally, our Pega Cloud offering provides provisioned, monitored, and maintained environments for individual clients to create and deploy Pega-based applications using an Internet-based infrastructure. These services involve storing and transmitting client data and other confidential information. 
Our security measures, those of our suppliers, third-party technology providers, and our clients may be breached because of third-party actions or those of employees, consultants, clients, or others, including intentional misconduct by computer hackers, system errors, human errors, technical flaws in our products, or otherwise. Because we do not control the configuration of Pega applications by our clients, the transmissions between our clients and our third-party technology providers, the processing of data on the servers at third-party technology providers, or the internal controls maintained by our clients and third-party technology providers that could prevent unauthorized access or provide appropriate data encryption, we cannot fully ensure the complete integrity or security of such transmissions processing or controls. In addition, privacy, security, and data transmission concerns in some parts of the world may inhibit demand for our Pega Cloud offering or lead to requirements to provide our products or services in configurations that may increase the cost of serving such markets. The techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or sabotage systems change frequently and are generally only recognized once launched against a target. While we have invested in protecting our data and systems and clients' data to reduce these risks and actively monitor for risks of data breaches, regulatory non-compliance incidents and cyber security incidents, there can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent breaches. Moreover, like most software companies, we incorporate open-source code into our software products and services, which also creates a potential risk. We deal with security issues regularly and have experienced security incidents from time to time. We have a standing Compliance and Risk Governing Committee composed of senior representatives across the Company that reports to and assists the Audit Committee and the Board as a whole in the oversight of compliance and risk management programs, including cybersecurity measures. In addition, we have a standing Security Steering Group, whose members include our Chief Information Security Officer, Chief Product Officer, and Vice President of Cloud Technology, and which is charged with providing strategic direction for the implementation and ongoing operation of our cyber security program. Even with the efforts the Company has undertaken, there is a risk that a security breach will be successful, and such an event will be material. We carry data breach insurance coverage to mitigate the financial impact of a security breach, though this may prove insufficient in the event of a breach. 
Our Pega Cloud offering involves hosting client applications on the servers of third-party technology providers. We also rely on third-party systems and technology, including encryption, virtualized infrastructure, and support, and employ a shared security model with our clients and third-party technology providers. 
To defend against security threats, we need to continuously engineer products and services with enhanced security and reliability features, improve the deployment of software updates to address security vulnerabilities, apply technologies that mitigate the risk of attacks, and maintain a digital security infrastructure that protects the integrity of our network, products, and services. The cost of these steps could negatively impact our operating results. While we actively work to improve vulnerability scanning, patching, threat intelligence, security event detection, security event alerting and forensics, it is possible that security breaches, whether due to unpatched vulnerabilities or otherwise, occur and may be undetected when they occur. Any such security breach could result in a loss of confidence in the security of our services, damage our reputation, disrupt our business, require us to incur significant costs of investigation, remediation and/or payment of a ransom, lead to legal liability, negatively impact our future sales, and result in a substantial financial loss.
15
We rely on third-party hosting providers to deliver our offerings, and any disruption or interference with our use of these services could adversely affect our business.
Our use of third-party hosting facilities requires us to rely on the functionality and availability of the third-party services and their data security, which, despite our due diligence, may be or become inadequate. Our continued growth depends in part on the ability of our existing and potential customers to use and access our cloud services or our website to download our software within an acceptable amount of time. We use third-party service providers for key infrastructure components, particularly when developing and delivering our cloud-based products. These service providers give us greater flexibility in efficiently delivering a more tailored, scalable customer experience and expose us to additional risks and vulnerabilities. Third-party service providers operate platforms we access and which are vulnerable to service interruptions. We may experience interruptions, delays, and outages in service and availability due to problems with our third-party service providers’ infrastructure. This infrastructure’s lack of availability could be due to many potential causes, including technical failures, power shortages, natural disasters, fraud, terrorism, or security attacks that we cannot predict or prevent. Such outages could trigger our service level agreements and the issuance of credits to our clients, which may impact our business and consolidated financial statements. 
If we are unable to renew our agreements with our cloud service providers on commercially reasonable terms, an agreement is prematurely terminated, or we need to add new cloud services providers to increase capacity and uptime, we could experience interruptions, downtime, delays, and additional expenses related to transferring to and providing support for these new platforms. Any of the above circumstances or events may harm our reputation and brand, reduce our platforms’ availability or usage, and impair our ability to attract new users, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
We may experience significant errors or security flaws in our products and services and could face privacy, product liability, and warranty claims. 
Despite quality testing each release, our software frequently contains errors or security flaws, especially when first introduced or when new versions are released. Errors in our software could affect its ability to work with hardware or other software or delay the development or release of new products or new versions of our software. Additionally, detecting and correcting any security flaws, including those introduced by our use of open-source, can be time-consuming and costly. Errors or security flaws in our software could result in the inadvertent disclosure of confidential information or personal data relating to our clients, employees, or third parties. Software errors and security flaws in our products or services could expose us to privacy, product liability, or warranty claims and harm our reputation, which could impact our future sales of products and services. Typically, we enter into license agreements that contain provisions intended to limit the nature and extent of our risk of product liability and warranty claims. A court might interpret these terms in a limited way or hold part or all of them unenforceable. Also, there is a risk that these contract terms might not bind a party other than the direct client. Furthermore, some of our licenses with our clients are governed by non-U.S. law, and there is a risk that foreign law might give us less or different protection. Although we have not experienced any material product liability claims to date, a product liability suit or action claiming a breach of warranty, whether meritorious, could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management’s attention and our resources. 
We may require additional capital in the future.
As of December 31, 2024, we had $467.9 million in aggregate principal indebtedness under our convertible senior notes due March 1, 2025 (the “Notes”). We may repay the Notes at their March 1, 2025 maturity date using available cash balances. Concurrent with maturity of the Notes, the then outstanding Capped Call Transactions we entered into with certain financial institutions in connection with the Notes’ issuance will expire by their terms. While the Notes are currently convertible, the conversion rate is 7.4045 shares of common stock per each $1,000 principal amount of Notes, or an effective conversion price of $135.05. Accordingly, we do not currently expect holders of Notes to elect to convert prior to the March 1, 2025 maturity date, but there can be no assurance that holders of Notes do not elect to convert all or a portion of their Notes. If we repay the Notes at maturity with current cash balances, it will reduce our current cash balances. We believe our current cash, marketable securities, cash flow provided by operations, borrowing capacity, and ability to engage in capital market transactions will be sufficient to fund our operations, stock repurchases, and quarterly cash dividends for at least the next 12 months and to meet our known long-term cash requirements. However, it is possible that we may require additional capital in the future to finance our operations. If we raise funds through future issuance of equity or convertible debt securities, our existing stockholders could suffer significant dilution, and any new equity securities we issue could have rights, preferences, and privileges superior to those of holders of our common stock. Any future debt financing could involve restrictive covenants relating to our capital raising activities and other financial and operations matters, which may increase the risks related to our business and our ability to service and repay our indebtedness.
16
We are required to comply with certain financial and operating covenants under our revolving credit facility. Failure to comply with these covenants could cause amounts borrowed to become immediately due and payable and/or prevent us from borrowing under the credit facility.
We must comply with specified financial and operating covenants under our credit facility and make payments, limiting our ability to operate our business as we otherwise might. Our failure to comply with any of these covenants or to meet any debt payment obligations could result in an event of default which, if not cured or waived, would result in any amounts outstanding, including any accrued interest and/or unpaid fees, becoming immediately due and payable. We might not have sufficient working capital or liquidity to satisfy any repayment obligations in the event of an acceleration of those obligations. In addition, if we are not in compliance with the financial and operating covenants under the credit facility at the time we wish to borrow funds, we will be unable to borrow funds. The financial and operating covenants under the credit facility may limit our ability to borrow funds or capital, including for strategic acquisitions, share repurchases, and other general corporate purposes.
Risks Related to Intellectual Property and Government Regulation
We face risks related to intellectual property claims or appropriation of our intellectual property rights.
We rely primarily on a combination of patent, copyright, trademark, and trade secrets laws, as well as intellectual property and confidentiality agreements to protect our proprietary rights. We also try to control access to and distribution of our technologies and other proprietary information. We have obtained patents in strategically important global markets relating to the architecture of our systems. We cannot be certain that such patents will not be challenged, invalidated, or circumvented, or that rights granted thereunder, or the claims contained therein will provide us with competitive advantages. Moreover, despite our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, unauthorized parties may attempt to copy aspects of our software or to obtain the use of information that we regard as proprietary. Although we generally enter into intellectual property and confidentiality agreements with our employees and strategic partners, despite our efforts our former employees may seek employment with our business partners, clients, vendors, or competitors, and there can be no assurance that the confidential nature of our proprietary information will be maintained. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect our proprietary rights as effectively as they do in the U.S. There can be no assurance that our means of protecting our proprietary rights will be adequate or that our competitors will not independently develop similar technology.
Other companies or individuals have obtained proprietary rights covering a variety of designs, processes, and systems. Third parties have claimed and may in the future claim that we have infringed or otherwise violated their intellectual property. We are currently party to litigation with Appian Corp. — see Part I, Item 3 “Legal Proceedings”, "Note 20. Commitments And Contingencies" in the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report and the preceding risk factor captioned “If we are unsuccessful in the appeal of the trial court judgment in our litigation with Appian Corp., our operating results and financial condition would be adversely impacted.”
Although we attempt to limit the amount and type of our contractual liability for infringement or other violation of the proprietary rights of third parties and assert ownership of work product and intellectual property rights as appropriate, there are often exceptions, and limitations may not be applicable and enforceable in all cases. Even if limitations are found to be applicable and enforceable, our liability to our clients for these types of claims could be material given the size of certain of our transactions. We expect that software product developers, including us, will increasingly be subject to infringement and other intellectual property violation claims as the number of products and competitors in our industry segment grows and the functionality of products in different industry segments overlaps. As evidenced by our previously mentioned litigation with Appian Corp., depending on when and how asserted, these claims, with or without merit, are often time-consuming, result in costly litigation, and subject us to significant liability for damages. It is also possible that these claims result in treble damages if we are found to have willfully infringed patents or copyrights, cause product shipment and delivery delays, require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements, or preclude us from making and selling the infringing software, if such proprietary rights are found to be valid. Royalty or licensing agreements, if required, may not be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. Even if a license were available, we could be required to pay significant royalties, which would increase our operating expenses. As a result, we may be required to develop alternative non-infringing technology, which could require substantial time, effort, and cost. If we cannot license or develop technology for any infringing aspect of our business, we would be forced to limit or stop sales of our software and may be unable to compete effectively, which could have a material effect upon our business, operating results, and financial condition.
Intellectual property rights claims by third parties are extremely costly to defend, could require us to pay significant damages, and could limit our ability to use certain technologies.
Companies in the software and technology industries, including some of our current and potential competitors, own large numbers of patents, copyrights, trademarks, and trade secrets and frequently enter into litigation based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. In addition, many of these companies can dedicate greater resources to enforce their intellectual property rights and to defend claims that may be brought against them. The litigation may involve patent holding companies or other adverse patent owners that have no relevant product revenues and against which our patents may, therefore, provide little or no deterrence. Third parties have claimed and may claim in the future that we have misappropriated, misused, or infringed other parties' intellectual property rights, and customers have sought and may seek future indemnification for intellectual property claims to which they are subject. To the extent we gain greater market visibility, we face a higher risk of being the subject of intellectual property claims. 
17
Any litigation regarding intellectual property could be costly and time-consuming and could divert the attention of our management and key personnel from our business operations. Significant judgments are required for the determination of probability and the range of the outcomes in any legal dispute, and the estimates are based only on the information available to us at the time. Due to the inherent uncertainties involved in claims, legal proceedings, and in estimating the losses that may arise, actual outcomes may differ from our estimates. Contingencies deemed not probable or for which losses were not estimable in one period may become probable, or losses may become estimable in later periods which may have a material impact on our results of operations and financial position. Intellectual property disputes could subject us to significant liabilities, require us to enter into royalty and licensing arrangements on unfavorable terms, prevent us from manufacturing or licensing certain of our products, cause severe disruptions to our operations or the markets in which we compete or require us to satisfy indemnification commitments to our customers. Any of these could seriously harm our business. We are currently party to litigation with Appian Corp. — see Part I, Item 3 “Legal Proceedings”, "Note 20. Commitments And Contingencies" in the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report and the preceding risk factor captioned “If we are unsuccessful in the appeal of the trial court judgment in our litigation with Appian Corp., our operating results and financial condition would be adversely impacted.” While we continue to believe that we have the financial strength to pay these amounts if it ever becomes necessary, it is possible that we may not be able to engage in these activities on desirable terms, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results.
Our success depends in part on maintaining and increasing our sales to clients in the public sector.
We derive a portion of our revenues from contracts with domestic and foreign governments and related agencies. We believe that our business’s success and growth will continue to depend on our successful procurement of government contracts. Selling to government entities can be highly competitive, expensive, and time-consuming, often requiring significant upfront time and expense without any assurance that our efforts will produce any sales. 
Factors that could impede our ability to maintain or increase the revenue derived from government contracts include:
•
changes in fiscal or contracting policies;
•
decreases in available government funding;
•
changes in government programs or applicable requirements;
•
the adoption of new laws or regulations or changes to existing laws or regulations;
•
potential delays or changes in the government appropriations or other funding authorization processes;
•
governments and governmental agencies requiring contractual terms that are unfavorable to us, such as most-favored-nation pricing provisions; and
•
delays in the payment of our invoices by government payment offices.
The occurrence of any of those factors could cause governments and governmental agencies to delay or refrain from purchasing our software in the future or otherwise harm our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows.
Further, to increase our sales to clients in the public sector, we must comply with laws and regulations relating to the formation, administration, performance, and pricing of contracts with the public sector, including U.S. federal, state, and local governmental bodies, which affect how our channel partners and we do business in connection with governmental agencies. These laws and regulations may impose added costs on our business, and failure to comply with these laws and regulations or other applicable requirements, including non-compliance in the past, could lead to claims for damages from our channel partners or government clients, penalties, termination of contracts, loss of intellectual property rights, and temporary suspension or permanent debarment from government contracting. Any such damages, penalties, disruptions, or limitations in our ability to do business with the public sector could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows.
We are subject to increasingly complex U.S. and foreign laws and regulations, requiring costly compliance measures. Any failure to comply with these laws and regulations could subject us to, among other things, penalties and legal expenses that could harm our reputation or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
We are subject to extensive federal, state, and foreign laws and regulations, including but not limited to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act, data privacy, information security, resiliency, and AI laws, and similar laws and regulations. The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act, and similar foreign anti-bribery laws generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to obtain or retain business. Similar laws and regulations exist in many other countries where we do or intend to do business.
18
Within recent years, there has been an increase in the scope and enforcement of data privacy laws in the jurisdictions in which we do business. The EU and UK General Data Protection Regulations extend the scope of their protection to any entity that does business in those jurisdictions and controls or processes personal data of EU or UK residents in connection with the offer of goods or services or the monitoring of behavior in those jurisdictions and imposes many compliance obligations concerning the handling of personal data. The California Consumer Privacy Act (as amended by the California Privacy Rights Acts, the “CCPA”) and other similar laws in a number of US states require, among other things, covered companies to provide disclosure to consumers about such companies’ data collection, use and sharing practices, provide such consumers ways to make requests about their personal information, including requests to delete their personal information, to know what information a company has about the consumer, and to opt-out of certain sales, transfers, or sharing of personal information. Some US state data privacy laws, including the CCPA, also provide consumers with additional causes of action. In 2023, Europe finalized the first-ever comprehensive legal framework for governance of the development and use of AI, the European Union Artificial Intelligence Act, with rolling effective dates beginning in 2025, and is moving forward with finalizing applicable regulations. Many jurisdictions in the US are considering or have passed laws governing the development or use of AI. Similarly, Europe has enacted laws governing cyber resilience, and we expect more laws will be considered and passed on this issue. Compliance with these varying regimes has caused and will cause us to incur additional costs, and may challenge our business and the expansion of that business, including as may result from any non-compliance or asserted non-compliance.
We have developed and implemented a compliance program based on what we believe are reasonable practices, including the background checking of our current partners and prospective clients and partners. We cannot guarantee, however, that we, our employees, our consultants, our partners, our vendors, or our contractors are or will be compliant with all federal, state, and foreign regulations. If our representatives or we fail to comply with any of these laws or regulations, a range of fines, penalties, and/or other sanctions could be imposed on us, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Even if we are determined not to have violated these laws, government inquiries into these issues typically require the expenditure of significant resources and generate negative publicity, which could also harm our business. In addition, regulation of data privacy and security laws is increasing worldwide, including various restrictions on cross-border access or transfer of data, including personal data of our employees, our clients, and customers of our clients. Compliance with such regulations may increase our costs, and there is a risk of enforcement of such laws resulting in damage to our brand, as well as financial penalties and the potential loss of business, which could be significant.
Our tax exposures could be greater than anticipated.
The determination of our worldwide provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities requires estimation and significant judgment and there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Like many other multinational corporations, we are subject to tax in multiple U.S. and foreign jurisdictions. The determination of our tax liability is always subject to audit and review by applicable domestic and foreign tax authorities. We are undergoing inquiries, audits, and reviews by various taxing authorities. Any adverse outcome of any such audit or review could harm our business, and the ultimate tax outcome may differ from the amounts recorded in our financial statements and may materially affect our financial results in the period or periods for which such determination is made. While we have established reserves based on assumptions and estimates that we believe are reasonable to cover such eventualities, these reserves may prove insufficient.
In addition, our future income taxes could be materially adversely affected by a shift in our jurisdictional income mix, by changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities, because of changes in tax laws, regulations, or accounting principles, as well as by certain discrete items. 
Considering fiscal challenges in many jurisdictions, various levels of government are increasingly focused on tax reform and other legislative actions to increase tax revenue, including corporate income taxes. Several U.S. states have attempted to increase corporate tax revenues by taking an expansive view of corporate presence to attempt to impose corporate income taxes and other direct business taxes on companies that have no physical presence in their state, and taxing authorities in foreign jurisdictions may take similar actions. Many U.S. states are also altering their apportionment formulas to increase the amount of taxable income or loss attributable to their state from certain out-of-state businesses. Similarly, in Europe and elsewhere globally, various tax reform efforts underway are designed to increase the taxes paid by corporate entities.
On December 15, 2022, the European Union (EU) Member States formally adopted the EU’s Pillar Two Directive, which generally provides for a minimum effective tax rate of 15%, as established by the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) Pillar Two Framework that was supported by over 130 countries worldwide. The EU effective dates were January 1, 2024, and January 1, 2025, for different aspects of the directive. The impact of the Pillar Two Framework on the Company’s income tax provision in 2024 was not material. The Company is continuing to evaluate the potential impact of the Pillar Two Framework on future periods, pending legislative adoption by additional individual countries.
If it becomes necessary or desirable to repatriate our foreign cash balances to the United States, we may be subject to increased taxes, other restrictions, and limitations. 
As of December 31, 2024, $185.6 million of our cash and cash equivalents were held in our foreign subsidiaries. If it becomes necessary or desirable to repatriate foreign funds, we may have to pay federal, state, and local income taxes as well as foreign withholding taxes upon repatriation. We consider the earnings of our foreign subsidiaries to be permanently reinvested. As a result, domestic and foreign taxes on such earnings have not been provided in our financial statements. It is not practical to estimate the amount of tax we would have to pay upon repatriation due to the complexity of the tax laws and other factors.
19
General Risk Factors
The provision in our amended and restated bylaws, requiring exclusive forum in certain courts in The Commonwealth of Massachusetts or the federal district court for the District of Massachusetts for certain types of lawsuits, may discourage lawsuits against us and our directors, officers, and employees.
Our amended and restated bylaws provide that unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Business Litigation Section of the Superior Court of Suffolk County, Massachusetts (the “BLS”) or, if the BLS lacks jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Massachusetts, Eastern Division, shall be the exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers, or other employees to us or our stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to the Massachusetts Business Corporation Act (the “MBCA”), our articles of organization, or our bylaws (as each may be amended from time to time), or (iv) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine.
The choice of forum provision may increase costs to bring a claim, discourage claims, or limit a stockholder’s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against us or our directors, officers, and other employees. Alternatively, if a court were to find the choice of forum provision in our amended and restated bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions. The exclusive forum provision in our amended and restated bylaws will not preclude or contract the scope of exclusive federal or concurrent jurisdiction for actions brought under the federal securities laws, including the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the respective rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.
Material adverse developments in global economic conditions, or the occurrence of certain other world events, could affect demand for our products, increase our costs of operation and harm our business.
Global economic uncertainty has produced, and continues to produce, substantial stress, volatility, illiquidity and disruption of global credit and other financial markets. Various factors contribute to the uncertain economic environment, including the level and volatility of interest rates, high inflation, the conflict between Russia and Ukraine and between Israel and Gaza, an actual recession or fears of a recession, trade policies and tariffs, and geopolitical tensions. Economic uncertainty has and could continue to negatively affect the business and purchasing decisions of companies in industries in which our customers operate. As global economic conditions experience stress and negative volatility, or if there is an escalation in regional or global conflicts, the ability and willingness of our customers to make investments in technology may be impacted, which in turn may delay or reduce the purchases of our software and services and also impact the ability and willingness of our customers to pay amounts due to us or otherwise honor their contractual commitments. These clients may also become subject to increasingly restrictive regulatory requirements, which could limit or delay their ability to proceed with technology purchases and may result in longer sales cycles, increased price competition, and reductions in sales of our products and services. At the same time, factors such as inflation may increase our costs of operation. The combination of these factors could negatively impact our business, operating results, and financial condition.
We are exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates that could negatively impact our financial results and cash flows.
Because a significant portion of our business is conducted outside of the U.S., we face exposure to movements in foreign currency exchange rates. Our international sales are usually denominated in foreign currencies. The operating expenses of our foreign operations are also primarily denominated in foreign currencies, which partially offset our foreign currency exposure on our international sales. Our results of operations and cash flows are subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates, particularly changes in the U.S. dollar, the Euro, and the Australian dollar relative to the British Pound. These exposures may change over time as business practices evolve. 
We do not currently use foreign currency forward contracts to hedge our exposure to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. We may enter into hedging contracts again in the future if we believe it is appropriate. 
Our realized gain or loss for foreign currency fluctuations will depend on the size and type of cross-currency exposures that we enter into, the currency exchange rates associated with these exposures and changes in those rates, whether we have entered forward contracts to offset these exposures, and other factors. All these factors could materially impact our operating results, financial condition, and cash flows.
20
The market price of our common stock has been and is likely to continue to be volatile
. 
The market price of our common stock may be highly volatile and fluctuate due to a variety of factors, some of which are related in complex ways.
Factors that may affect the market price of our common stock include: 
•
actual or anticipated fluctuations in our financial condition and operating results;
•
variance in our financial performance from expectations of securities analysts;
•
changes in our projected operating and financial results;
•
changes in the prices of our products and professional services; 
•
changes in laws or regulations applicable to our products or services;
•
announcements by our competitors or us of significant business developments, acquisitions, or new offerings; 
•
our involvement in any litigation or investigations by regulators, including litigation judgments, settlements, or other litigation-related costs; 
•
our sale of our common stock or other securities; 
•
changes in our Board of Directors, senior management, or key personnel; 
•
the trading volume of our common stock; 
•
price and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market; 
•
changes in the anticipated future size and growth rate of our market; and 
•
general economic, regulatory, political, and market conditions. 
Broad market and industry fluctuations, as well as general economic, regulatory, political, and market conditions, may negatively impact the market price of our common stock. In the past, companies that have experienced volatility in the market price of their securities have been subject to securities class action litigation. We may be the target of this type of litigation in the future, which could result in substantial costs and divert our management’s attention.
We may fail to meet our publicly announced guidance or other expectations about our business and future operating results, which could cause our stock price to decline. 
We have provided and may continue to give guidance on our business, future operating results, and other business metrics. In developing this guidance, our management must make certain assumptions and judgments about our future performance. Furthermore, analysts and investors may develop and publish their own projections of our business, which may form a consensus about our future performance. Our business results may vary significantly from such guidance or that consensus due to a number of factors, many of which are outside of our control and which could materially adversely affect our operations and operating results. Furthermore, if we make downward revisions of our previously announced guidance, or if our publicly announced guidance of future operating results fails to meet expectations of securities analysts, investors, or other interested parties, our common stock price may decline.
If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, or publish negative reports about our business, our stock price and trading volume could decline.

The trading market for our common stock depends partly on the research and reports that securities and industry analysts publish about us or our business. We do not have any control over these analysts. If our financial performance fails to meet analyst estimates or one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrade our shares or change their opinion of our shares, our stock price will likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of us or fail to publish reports on us regularly, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline.
ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS
None.
ITEM 1C. CYBERSECURITY
We recognize the critical importance of maintaining the safety and security of our systems and data and have a comprehensive approach to overseeing and managing cybersecurity and related risks. Our Board of Directors (the “Board”), the Audit Committee of the Board (the “Audit Committee”), and our management are actively involved in the oversight of our risk management program, of which cybersecurity represents an important component. We have established policies, standards, processes, and practices for assessing, identifying, and managing material risks from cybersecurity threats. A key component of this is our standing 
Security Steering Group (“SSG”), whose members include, among others, our Chief Information Security Officer (“CISO”), Chief Product Officer, and Vice President of Cloud Technology
. We have devoted significant financial and personnel resources to implement and maintain security measures to meet regulatory requirements and customer expectations, and we intend to continue to make significant investments to maintain the security of our data and cybersecurity infrastructure. There can be no guarantee that our policies, standards, processes, and practices will be properly followed in every instance or that they will be effective. 
21
Although we are not aware of having experienced any prior material data breaches, regulatory non-compliance incidents, or cyber security incidents, we may in the future be impacted by such an event, exposing our clients and us to the risk of someone obtaining access to our information, to the information of our clients or their customers, or to our intellectual property, disabling or degrading service, or sabotaging systems or information.
 Any such security incident could result in a loss of confidence in the security of our services, damage our reputation, disrupt our business, require us to incur significant costs of investigation, remediation, and/or payment of a ransom, lead to legal liability, negatively impact our future sales, and result in a substantial financial loss. For additional information, see "