ITEM 1. BUSINESS
Inception and Organization
Fluence Energy, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “Company”), was initially formed on June 21, 2021 and on November 1, 2021, Fluence Energy, Inc. completed its initial public offering (the “IPO”). We conduct our business operations through Fluence Energy, LLC and its direct and indirect subsidiaries. Fluence Energy, LLC was formed on June 30, 2017 as a joint venture between Siemens Industry, Inc. (“Siemens Industry”), an indirect subsidiary of Siemens AG (“Siemens”), and AES Grid Stability, LLC (“AES Grid Stability”), an indirect subsidiary of The AES Corporation (“AES”), and commenced operations on January 1, 2018. We refer to Siemens Industry and AES Grid Stability as the “Founders” in this Annual Report and together with Qatar Holding LLC (“QHL”), an affiliate of the Qatar Investment Authority (“QIA”), they are collectively referred to as the “Continuing Equity Owners”. As the sole managing member of Fluence Energy, LLC, Fluence Energy, Inc. operates and controls all the business and affairs of Fluence Energy, LLC and its direct and indirect subsidiaries. As a result, Fluence Energy, Inc. consolidates Fluence Energy, LLC and records a non-controlling interest in its consolidated financial statements for the economic interest in Fluence Energy, LLC held by the Founders.  Except where the content clearly indicates otherwise, any reference in this Annual Report to “Fluence,” “we,” “us,” “our” or “the Company” refers to Fluence Energy, Inc. and all of its direct and indirect subsidiaries, including Fluence Energy, LLC. 
Overview 
Fluence is a global market leader delivering intelligent energy storage and optimization software for renewables and storage. Our energy storage solutions and operational services are helping to create a more resilient grid and unlock the full potential of renewable portfolios. With gigawatts of projects successfully contracted, deployed and under management across nearly 50 markets, we believe we are transforming the way we power our world for a more sustainable future.
As of September 30, 2024, we had 5.0 gigawatts (“GW”) of energy storage assets deployed and 7.5 GW of contracted backlog across 33 markets in 25 countries with a gross global pipeline of 115.9 GW. As of September 30, 2024, our global operational and maintenance (“O&M”) services team was providing services for 4.3 GW of energy storage assets, with a further 4.1 GW of contracted backlog. As of September 30, 2024, we had an aggregate of 18.3 GW of renewable energy assets using Fluence digital offerings and 10.6 GW of contracted backlog related to renewable and energy storage assets using Fluence digital offerings. Refer to “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Key Operating Metrics” for additional information regarding our deployed assets, contracted backlog, and pipeline
.
The Company’s chief operating decision maker (“CODM”) is its Chief Executive Officer. The Company’s CODM reviews financial information on a consolidated basis for purposes of making operating decisions, allocating resources, and evaluating financial performance. As such, the Company has determined that it operates in one operating segment, which corresponds to one reportable segment.
Current Ownership of Continuing Equity Owners 
As of September 30, 2024:
•
AES Grid Stability owns (1) 51,499,195 limited liability company interests of Fluence Energy, LLC (“LLC Interests”), representing approximately 28.5% of the economic interest in Fluence Energy, LLC and (2) 51,499,195 shares of Class B-1 common stock, par value $0.00001 per share, of Fluence Energy, Inc. (“Class B-1 common stock”), representing approximately 66.6% of the combined voting power of all of Fluence Energy, Inc.’s common stock;
•
Siemens owns 39,738,064 shares of Class A common stock, par value $0.00001 per share, of Fluence Energy, Inc. (“Class A common stock”) and SPT Invest Management, Sarl (“SPT Invest”) owns 11,761,131 shares of Class A common stock. Siemens is an affiliate of SPT Invest and may be deemed to share beneficial ownership of the shares held of record by SPT Invest. Therefore, the two Siemens entities collectively represent approximately 13.3% of the combined voting power of all of Fluence Energy, Inc.’s common stock and approximately 28.5% of the economic interest in Fluence Energy, Inc.; and
•
QHL owns 14,668,275 shares of Class A common stock, representing approximately 3.8% of the combined voting power of all of Fluence Energy, Inc.’s common stock and approximately 8.1% of the economic interest in Fluence Energy, Inc.
Our Industry and Market Opportunity

Our Industry
4
The utility-scale battery storage industry as a whole is witnessing unprecedented growth, fueled by global transitions toward renewable energy, heightened focus on grid resilience, and supportive regulatory frameworks. Deployment of renewable energy resources has accelerated over the last decade. Industry-wide, the push for decarbonization is creating increasing demand for grid-scale energy storage, which is critical to enabling the integration of variable renewable energy sources, reducing the intermittency and volatility of renewable energy generation, and meeting ambitious net-zero targets. BloombergNEF currently estimates in its 2H 2024 Energy Storage Market Outlook, published in November 2024, that the global utility scale market, excluding China, will add approximately 2,529 GWh between 2024 and 2035.  
Additionally, software-as-a-service (SaaS) products for renewables and storage are critical for helping asset owners and managers navigate increasing market complexities. As portfolios of renewable and storage assets quickly scale across the globe, asset owners and managers will require SaaS products that optimize the performance of those assets to maximize their revenues and lower their overall cost of ownership.
A significant market opportunity is utilizing storage-as-a-transmission asset (SATA). We believe the world’s operators of transmission and distribution networks face a once-in-an-industry challenge as the rapid growth of distributed resources and renewable generation increase intermittency and congestion and weaken system stability. These operators must maintain complete power system reliability even as generation technologies, power flows, and operational procedures undergo fundamental change. We expect the need for SATA to grow rapidly, as the massive expansion of renewable energy sources will increase grid congestion and consequently require more grid reinforcement and relief interventions. As the energy transition continue to accelerate, energy production and consumption are becoming increasingly imbalanced. Grid expansion is necessary to transport energy generated in decentralized locations over sometimes long distances. At the same time, the traditional grid expansion must be supplemented by energy storage solutions deployed as a transmission asset to help to overcome the challenges for the transmission grid. 
Our revenue growth is directly tied to the continued adoption of energy storage solutions by our customers. One factor that impacts this continued adoption of energy storage solutions is the cost of lithium-ion energy storage hardware.  The cost of lithium-ion energy storage hardware has declined significantly in the aggregate in the last decade and has resulted in a large addressable market today. In fiscal year 2022, we saw prices for lithium-ion battery packs increase from prior years, though prices returned to their historical trend of declining year-over-year in fiscal years 2023 and 2024. The market for energy storage continues to rapidly evolve and while we believe lithium-ion battery pack costs will continue to decline over the long term, there is no guarantee that they will decline or decline at the rates we expect. If costs do not continue to decline long term and instead remain steady or increase, as seen in fiscal year 2022, this could adversely affect our ability to increase our revenue, our order intake, and grow our business. 
Adoption of energy storage solutions, services and digital application offerings by our customers is also dependent on applicable government regulation, legislation, and policies. Governments across the globe have announced, implemented, and continue to consider implementation of various policies, regulation, and legislation to support the transition from fossil fuels to low-carbon forms of energy, including through the development and deployment of energy storage. For example, in August 2022, the United States passed the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the “IRA”), which includes a number of incentives that support the adoption of energy storage solutions and services. Such government policies, regulations, legislation, and programs are becoming increasingly instrumental in stimulating adoption of energy storage solutions across different markets through a variety of methods, including by providing financial support and incentives, facilitating grid integration, supporting research and development, and establishing favorable regulatory regimes. To the extent that any existing government incentives are reduced, eliminated or are permitted to expire, there may be adverse effects on customer demand and our business, including as a result of the change in the U.S. presidential administration.  Refer to the “Government Regulation and Compliance” section below for further discussion and Part I, Item 1A. “Risk Factors” for specific discussion of risks relating to the potential impact to our business from reduction, elimination, and expiration of government incentives.
Overall, we believe Fluence is well-positioned to continue to capitalize on the utility-scale battery storage market as we continue to deliver solutions that address the complex needs of a transforming energy landscape. However, there is no guarantee that the deployment of renewable energy will occur at the rate estimated by BloombergNEF or as we expect or that such renewable energy will rely on lithium-ion battery technology for energy storage. Macroeconomic uncertainties, supply chain disruptions, geo-political conflicts, government regulations and incentives, and other factors could result in fluctuations in demand for and deployment of renewable energy resources, adversely affecting our revenue and ability to generate profits in the future. See Part I, Item 1A. “Risk Factors” for further discussion on these risks.
Energy Storage Market Opportunity

The energy storage market is comprised of three elements: 
•
Energy storage solutions 
— the components (including batteries), professional services, and labor required to manufacture, assemble, and install battery energy storage systems. The energy storage solutions market is driven by the deployment of new energy storage solutions globally, and its addressable market is comprised of the annual spend associated with the manufacturing, deliv
ery, and install
ation of new energy storage solutions. According to the 2H 2024 Energy Storage Market 
5
Outlook published by BloombergNEF in November 2024, BloombergNEF estimates that the global utility scale market, excluding China, will add approximately 2,529 GWh between 2024 and 2035. We 
believe most forecasts for the energy storage sector, including BloombergNEF’s, understate the size and market opportunity as forecasts generally only account for spend associated with the physical energy storage asset and do not accou
nt for the associated services and digital applications spend.
•
Service
s 
— recurring O&M services that energy storage solutions require and asset management services that are provided by third parties when asset owners outsource the operations of their systems. The services market is driven by growth in installed energy storage solutions globally, and its addressable market is comprised of the recurring annual service spend across the entire fleet of energy storage projects, which is continuing to grow through new installations.
•
Digital applications and software 
— controls systems and cloud-based software that help asset owners optimize the performance of their systems and portfolios, including asset performance management (APM) software and intelligent bidding software for asset trading. Cloud-based software applications can be deployed on both energy storage assets and renewable assets. The digital applications and solutions sector is driven by the growth in installed energy storage solutions and renewable assets, and its addressable market is comprised of the total global installed fleet of energy storage solutions and renewable assets. The digital applications and software economic model is primarily structured as (i) $/kilowatt (“kW”) recurring fixed fees, and in some cases (ii) $/kW performance-based incentive fees both calculated based on the GWs of storage and generation assets on which digital applications and software service offerings are deployed. We believe there is an opportunity to not only deploy digital applications and software solutions on individual assets but also across entire energy storage fleets and portfolios of generation assets to improve their collective performance and economic output, and to reduce the overall carbon footprint of the electric grid by optimizing the interactions between different asset types. 
We believe there are multiple factors driving continued growth in the energy storage sector, including, but not limited to:
•
The accelerating transition from fossil to renewable generation is expected to continue to require significant increases in energy storage capacity to both offset potential grid instability caused by intermittent renewable resources and enable the use of power from renewable generation assets at times when natural resources may be unavailable. Energy storage will be essential in managing variations in renewable electricity output. 
•
Growing capacity constraints on existing power grids that were not designed to support distributed and renewable generation infrastructure or technologies, such as electric vehicles, are positioning energy storage assets as a key solution.
•
Environmental responsibility has become a priority for companies and investors. One example that demonstrates this commitment is RE100, a global corporate renewable energy initiative, pursuant to which over 400 member companies have pledged to source 100% of their energy from renewables. 
•
Governments across the globe have announced legislation, policies, and initiatives to support the transition from fossil fuels to low-carbon forms of energy and to support specifically energy storage deployment and development, including the United States through the passage of the IRA. 
Our Products and Services 
Our offerings include energy storage products and solutions, delivery services, recurring O&M services, and digital applications and solutions for energy storage and other power assets. We may refer to our energy storage products as “energy storage solutions” and use this term interchangeably as it is more reflective of the full offering available and provided to our customers. We may also refer to battery energy storage systems, systems and cubes interchangeably. We have repeatedly pioneered new use cases for grid-scale energy storage. Some of the uses we have supported include frequency regulation, generation enhancement, capacity peak power, energy cost control, microgrids/islands, renewable integration, virtual dams, transmission and distribution (T&D) enhancement, and critical power.
Energy Storage Solutions

We sell highly configurable energy storage solutions with integrated hardware, software, and digital intelligence. Fluence’s energy storage solutions are built on more than 15 years of development in prior generations, and reflecting, among other things, ongoing safety and design improvements. We believe that Fluence’s energy storage solutions make it simpler for customers to deploy storage faster and more cost effectively without sacrificing quality and configurability. Our storage technology lays the foundation for better energy storage solutions with industry-leading safety, integrated controls systems, and factory-built, highly modular building blocks. By pairing the benefits of mass production with the flexibility of a highly configurable system architecture, we believe we are able to serve the diverse needs of customers around the world from a single, underlying product platform. We currently offer five 
6
energy storage solutions built on our common storage platform, which are optimized for common customer use cases but can be configured for specific customer needs:
•
Gridstack Pro: energy storage solution for large-scale front-of-the-meter applications. Gridstack Pro is sold to independent power producers (IPPs), developers, utilities, and other generators. Gridstack Pro is designed to improve density and system performance with both 2- and 4-hour product configurations. Gridstack Pro is intelligent energy storage for MW to GW scale projects with balanced power to energy matching and increased site density. This solution combines state-of-the-art battery modules, management systems, and monitoring equipment into a fully unified architecture designed to improve operations and system safety. Gridstack Pro includes a system of multiple interoperable enclosures that provide different energy capacities and densities for diverse global project needs. Gridstack Pro utilizes the Fluence-designed Battery Packs.  
•
Gridstack™: energy storage solution for front-of-the-meter applications. This solution is sold to IPPs, developers, utilities, and other generators to deliver energy, capacity, and ancillary services in both regulated and deregulated electricity markets globally. Gridstack’s industrial-strength design is built for demanding front-of-the-meter energy storage applications including flexible peaking capacity, frequency regulation, renewable integration, and more.
•
Sunstack™: Fluence’s DC-coupled energy storage product for DC-coupled solar and storage projects (Gridstack is used for AC-coupled solar and storage projects). Sunstack is built on the same foundation as Gridstack but includes a DC-DC Converter (in addition to the inverter). Sunstack also comes with enhanced Fluence OS market dispatch applications that support specific solar and storage use cases, such as firm solar output and solar energy time shifting.
•
Edgestack™: Designed for smaller-scale commercial and industrial (C&I) use cases. Edgestack includes the same core components as Gridstack, but with a select number of small, pre-defined product cores. Fluence does not actively sell Edgestack systems to C&I customers, but we are continuing to establish channel and reseller partners who can sell and install the product.
•
Ultrastack™: Designed to meet the critical system requirements of distribution and transmission networks, including stringent requirements around availability, uptime, and IT security, and advanced controls applications that deliver a suite of highly technical grid services, such as synthetic inertia and power oscillation damping. 
In addition, each of our energy storage solutions comes with our proprietary energy management system, Fluence OS, which enables asset owners to operate the storage system directly with pre-set modes and market dispatch applications or integrate directly with external ISO and EMS signals. Fluence OS provides real-time information through multiple systems views, alarm notifications, and dashboards. It is an integral part of all our energy storage solutions. Fluence OS enables Fluence energy storage solutions to deliver critical grid services such as primary frequency regulation, secondary frequency response, fast frequency response, peak shaving, voltage regulation, power factor regulation, non-spinning reserves, capacity peak power, solar energy time-shifting, firm solar export, and more. 
We also offer comprehensive engineering and delivery services to support the deployment of our energy storage solutions. Customers can select from a range of delivery services, from project design to full-wrap turnkey installation. 
Fluence-designed Battery Pack
Gridstack Pro is designed to leverage our Fluence-designed Battery Packs for optimized system performance and supply chain agility. The Fluence-designed Battery Packs combine state-of-the-art battery modules, management systems, and monitoring equipment into a unified product architecture designed to improve operations through advanced thermal and state of charge (SOC) management, which is intended to promote consistent product performance and safety at the system level. The Fluence-designed Battery Pack is intended to give us greater control over our global supply chain and increase standardization across products. We believe that this is more efficient and cost-effective than solely relying on third-party suppliers. We initiated domestic production of battery modules at our contract manufacturer’s facility in Utah in September 2024. These battery modules will incorporate battery cells manufactured in Tennessee for our domestic content offering. These Fluence-designed Battery Packs will allow Fluence and its customers to capture certain incentives under the IRA. See “Government Regulation and Compliance - U.S. Energy Storage Regulation and Legislation” elsewhere in this section for more information about anticipated impact under the IRA.
7
Services

Operational and Maintenance Services

In addition to energy storage solutions, our offerings include delivery services and recurring operational and maintenance services. Our recurring operational and maintenance services are designed around customer business needs, in-house capabilities, performance requirements, and risk profiles. Our service offerings provide varying levels of training, maintenance, guarantees, warranties, and support to address our customers’ desired level of active system management. Service levels range from providing comprehensive training for customers to performing full asset operation and management on behalf of the customer. Fluence services help secure products with comprehensive warranties and extensive claims support. We help safeguard customer asset revenue potential over project life with degradation, capacity, and availability guarantees. Preventive and reactive maintenance services maintain equipment and optimal operating conditions, backed by 24/7 support and an experienced team of service professionals.
Digital Applications
Our Fluence digital offerings encompass proprietary artificial intelligence (AI) and data science technologies to enable the advanced capabilities of our two cloud-based software products: Fluence Mosaic and Fluence Nispera.
Fluence Mosaic is an intelligent bidding software for utility-scale storage and renewable assets, enabling customers to optimize asset trading in wholesale electricity markets. Fluence Mosaic is currently available in the NEM (Australia), CAISO (California), and ERCOT (Texas) markets. 
Fluence Nispera is our asset performance management (APM) software, which we acquired in 2022. Fluence Nispera helps customers monitor, analyze, forecast, and optimize the performance and value of renewable energy assets. Fluence Nispera is an AI-driven utility-scale asset performance management platform that supports portfolios of energy storage, solar, and wind assets. 
We believe that our digital applications provide us a competitive advantage by offering digital capabilities that can be combined with our energy storage solutions and services to optimize revenue and lower the total cost of ownership and thereby provide our customers with incremental value.
Our Growth Strategy

Our growth strategy includes leveraging our global scale, technology leadership, product development, and market share position to help transform the way we power our world for a more sustainable future. The Company is focused on transforming the way we power our world by helping customers create more resilient and sustainable electric grids. We intend to further develop and innovate to provide energy storage solutions and digital software offerings that aim to solve our customers’ energy challenges, and expand our services with additional value-add offerings. We also plan to add new customers as the number of IPPs, utilities, and other key energy customers buying MWs of battery energy storage solutions continues to grow substantially throughout the world. We aim to create an optimized production organization, continue to work to develop mass manufacturing facilities globally, and continue to secure partnerships with key battery and component suppliers. We are also focused on expanding standardized offerings that are optimized for each of our sales channels and continuing to move towards a more localized, regional organizational structure to better support customers and sales channels, improve logistics, and enhance market focus. Furthermore, we continue to explore disruptive digitally driven business models, including wide-ranging dynamic capacity, virtual storage, asset- and revenue-sharing models, and other offerings.
Our Customers

As of September 30, 2024, we have deployed energy storage products and solutions in 33 markets in 25 countries. We sell our energy storage solutions, services, and digital applications to a wide range of customers around the world, including utilities and load-serving entities, IPPs, developers, conglomerates, and C&I customers. In fiscal year 2024, our two largest customers represented approximately 50% of our revenues. In addition, as of September 30, 2024, approximately 41% of our revenue was with related parties, primarily AES and its affiliates. 
As of September 30, 2024, the Company
 had $4.5 billion of remai
ning performance  obligations related to our contractual commitments, which we refer to as our backlog, of which 16% is with AES. 
As of September 30, 2024, we had a gross global pipeline of 115.9 GWs, which includes 51.4 GWs for energy storage solutions and services. Of the energy storage solutions and services global pipeline, United States customers composed the largest portion of our pipeline at 14.5 GWs or  approximately 28%, with Australia customers following at 8.6 GWs or 17%, and Germany customers at 7.2 GWs or 14%. 
Environmental, Social, and Governance    
We are a purpose-built, purpose-driven company on a mission to transform the way we power our world for a more sustainable future. The Company’s offerings are intended to enable and promote more sustainable, reliable, and resilient electric grids and infrastructure in a repeatable, scalable way. Our internal sustainability program is built upon three key pillars: (i) Reporting & Stakeholder Engagement; (ii) Environmental Stewardship & Compliance; and (iii) Responsible Sourcing & Social Compliance. Fluence’s sustainability program is governed by two internal committees – our ESG Council and ESG Steering Committee. These are 
8
cross functional leadership teams responsible for gathering alignment and support across the organization to advance our ESG initiatives. The ESG Council is made up of leadership representing key internal stakeholders (including stakeholders from the environment, supply chain, human resources, health and safety, legal, marketing, finance, and ethics teams). The ESG Council reports to our ESG Steering Committee, which is comprised of five management leaders (our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Human Resources Officer, Chief Supply Chain and Manufacturing Officer, and Chief Legal and Compliance Officer).
In fiscal year 2024, we published our second annual sustainability report, which leveraged multiple ESG frameworks, including the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board, Fuel Cells & Industrial Batteries standard, and the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures, in addition to those standards promulgated by the Global Reporting Initiative. We also became a signatory member of the United Nations Global Compact and continued to support work towards certain United Nations Sustainable Development Goals that we determined best aligned with our mission into the sustainability report. 
Our current responsible sourcing and compliance philosophy is based on those principles spelled out in our Responsible Sourcing Policy and Code of Conduct for Fluence Business Partners and Third-Party Intermediaries (the “Supplier Code of Conduct”). The Supplier Code of Conduct sets forth our expectations for all persons and entities connected to the Fluence supply chain and value stream. Over the past few years, we have established and continue to improve our Conflict Minerals Due Diligence Program, Supplier GHG (Greenhouse Gas) Emissions Disclosures, and issued a Forced Labor Commitment Letter, that reaffirms our opposition to labor practices that would violate basic human rights. 
Our environmental stewardship is based on the aspirations of our Global Environmental Policy which sets forth values relating to sustainability, regulatory compliance, environmental stewardship, and continuous improvement. Since 2019, we have been certified against the ISO 14001 standard at our testfield in Erlangen, Germany and w
e are now working to expand our ISO 14001 certification with the ultimate goal of certifying all relevant Fluence facilities to such standard. 
Human Capital 
We believe our workforce is critical to our success and we strive to create a positive, equitable, and safe work environment. To create a culture of transparency, we maintain a regular cadence of communications from the executive leadership team to our employees, including emails, all hands meetings, Q&A sessions, and employee resource groups with executive sponsors. 
As of September 30, 2024, we had approximately 1,595 full-time employees across 14 different countries. None of our employees in the United States are represented by a labor union. As of September 30, 2024, approximately 179 of our employees in Germany were represented by a works council. We have not experienced any employment-related work stoppages, and we consider relations with our employees to be good. As of September 30, 2024, women represent 29% of our total workforce. 
Fluence is committed to cultivating an inclusive culture for our workforce. During fiscal year 2024, as we continue to grow and scale, we adopted a more comprehensive culture, equity, and inclusion (CEI) approach, emphasizing a global perspective. This holistic approach is intended to reflect the different expectations and needs of our varying international operations, positioning us to continue to build a cohesive and respectful work environment that drives innovation and performance across all regions. We believe this holistic cultural approach positions the Company to attract, retain, and engage top talent from around the world while contributing to a more equitable and inclusive global energy sector.
Fluence is dedicated to the holistic well-being of our team members, which is why we offer robust benefits packages that address our workforce’s diverse needs. Our health benefits are designed to provide employees with access to quality healthcare, including, but not limited to, preventive services, mental health support, and emergency care.  We also provide retirement plans to our employees that are structured to support our employees’ long-term financial goals. We also recognize the need for a healthy work-life balance, which is why we provide generous paid time off, flexible working arrangements, and family leave policies. We also maintain and promote continuous learning and development programs for our employees to continue their professional development. 
Our incentive plans, including our executive compensation programs, are designed to deliver pay for performance and provide consequences for underperformance. We invest significant time and resources to ensure our compensation programs are competitive and reward the performance of our people.  For employees at certain levels at Fluence, we offer annual incentives and long-term compensation to reinforce the alignment between our employees and the Company’s long-term financial and strategic growth.  
Fluence is internationally certified to ISO 9001, a quality management standard focused on commitment to customer satisfaction, purpose-driven leadership, and equitable involvement for all employees. Fluence’s corporate headquarters is certified to SA8000, which demonstrates our commitment to the elimination of unethical and discriminatory labor practices, while affirming workers’ rights, livable wages, and treating all people with dignity. 
Safety

Fluence promotes progressive health, safety, and environmental management in our operations. We are committed to reducing hazards and minimizing risks. Our safety management system, anchored in a plan-do-check-act methodology, is intended to encourage the active involvement of stakeholders. Incorporated into our framework are our Fluence Code of Conduct and Ethics and a stop work 
9
authorization. Fluence is also internationally certified to ISO 45001, an occupational health and safety standard which requires certain proactive measures to promote employee safety and reduce workplace risks. We seek to empower our employees to voice safety concerns and we emphasize transparent communication, purposeful education, continuous training, and harnessing lessons from past experience to promote safety in our operations. 
Manufacturing

Our manufacturing strategy is designed to meet certain key objectives: (i) limit capital-intensive and low value-added activities that can be outsourced to other companies, (ii) maintain a capital light business model, (iii) minimize labor content where possible, (iv) minimize the amount of assembly our customers are required to do at any project site, and (v) minimize material movement both from vendors to us and within factories. 
Mass manufacturing is a cornerstone of our product delivery approach and a key to driving down product cost and delivering at scale. We aim to create an optimized production organization, develop mass manufacturing capabilities globally through contract manufacturing, and continue to secure partnerships with key battery suppliers. We believe that enhancing our product-focused model and supply chain leverage will support our global growth objectives and result in superior unit economics. 
We have established relationships with third party regional manufacturers for the fabrication, manufacture, assembly and integration of Fluence's proprietary battery energy storage systems. 
In September 2022, we partnered with one such contract manufacturer to open a new manufacturing facility in the United States to better serve regional delivery and address supply chain constraints. The facility is located in Utah and serves the Company’s customers in North America. The addition of this contract manufacturing facility expands our assembly and production beyond Asia to meet increasing global demand and allow Fluence to better serve regional markets. We continue to explore opportunities to expand manufacturing capabilities to additional sites in APAC and EMEA. We plan to continue to select strategic contract manufacturers that have best in class practices and a global presence to maintain continuity in our business model.
Fluence has also created two spare parts hubs in Europe and the United States to support ongoing operations and maintenance of its customers’ storage assets. These hubs, located in Utah and Ireland, both became operational in fiscal year 2022, and are strategically positioned near large energy storage markets and customer fleets. We are also exploring opening additional spare parts third party logistics hubs in the APAC region.
Supply Chain
Many components and parts of our integrated energy storage solutions are sourced from suppliers and stakeholders from all over the world and are reliant on various raw materials including, steel, aluminum, copper, nickel, iron phosphate, graphite, manganese, lithium carbonate, lithium hydroxide, and cobalt. 
In order to centralize its global procurement activities, Fluence established a dedicated procurement legal entity in 2021, Fluence Energy Global Production Operation, LLC, which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Fluence Energy, LLC. The Global Production Operations team is tasked with managing and coordinating Fluence’s sourcing of our input products, parts, materials, components and equipment from all over the world. 
We have developed a global supply chain with an evolving regionally focused operational model. Regionalization allows Fluence to assemble products in proximity to major markets to minimize material movement, working capital investment, and costs of goods sold. Additionally, we believe that our increasing demand for key components, such as lithium-ion batteries, as we continue to grow, should provide Fluence with leverage in the future to improve our bargaining power with our suppliers and will provide more competitive advantages on availability, terms, and pricing.  
During the course of fiscal year 2024, Fluence (i) further developed its strategic partnerships for lithium-ion batteries, including our U.S. supply, (ii) finalized a development program for a new battery management system, and (iii) expanded on its relationship with U.S. based inverter and contract manufacturers. We continue to explore additional U.S. based supply arrangements for our future operations, including U.S. based battery cell, module, inverter and enclosure integration.  We believe that continued expansion and emphasis on domestic content under the IRA will provide Fluence with a competitive advantage to others in the industry. While we believe that our current domestic content strategy fits with the expectations of the changing regulatory environment, there is no guarantee that the anticipated benefits and incentives under the IRA will be realized. See Part I, Item 1A. “Risk Factors” for discussion on risks affiliated with government regulation.
Although we do not rely on any single supplier for the majority of our key components, certain components are still sourced from a limited number of stakeholders. Due to the specialized and unique nature of the products being purchased, the opportunity cost of changing suppliers is high, and substitution is often time-consuming. Fluence may also be forced into terms that are less advantageous, including on pricing. Volatility in our supply chain may have impacts to our order intake and cause corresponding volatility in our 
10
results of operations. Fluence continues to explore opportunities to diversify its supply base to mitigate the ever changing regulatory, environmental, social, and geographic conditions. In addition, while our U.S. centric regionalization strategy is progressing well, a large portion of our current suppliers are situated outside of the United States. This continues to expose Fluence to changes in international trade regulations, taxes, tariffs, and/or quotas, and there is uncertainty about the future relationship between the United States and other countries with respect to trade policies, taxes, government regulations, and tariffs with the change in U.S. presidential administration. For more information about the potential risks relating to our supply chain and exposure to international pressures, see Part I, Item 1A. “Risk Factors.” 
As of the date of this Annual Report, we believe that we have adequate access to our key components to meet the needs of our operations and demand of our customers.
Intellectual Property

The success of our business depends, in large part, on our ability to maintain and protect our intellectual property, some of which include patents, patentable ideas, methods, and technologies, proprietary information, trade secrets, trademarks, copyrights, processes and know-how. We rely primarily on a combination of patent, trademark, copyright, unfair competition, and trade secret laws, as well as confidentiality agreements and procedures and other contractual arrangements with our employees, contractors, and third parties, to establish, maintain, and protect our methods, technology, and proprietary rights. Fluence also has a perpetual license (terminable in the event of an uncured material breach) to certain patents and other intellectual property that belong to AES and Siemens, including methods for cooling inverters, overvoltage protections, and transfer of large amounts of data (methodology). 
As of September 2024, we held over 179 granted patents worldwide and had over 82 patent applications pending with domestic and foreign patent offices. As of September 2024, we also had over 108 registered trademarks with domestic and foreign trademark offices.
Additionally, we rely on trade secret protection and confidentiality agreements to safeguard our interests with respect to proprietary know-how and software that are not patented and processes for which patents are difficult to enforce. We believe that many elements of our manufacturing processes involve proprietary know-how, technology, or data that are not covered by patents or patent applications, including technical processes, test equipment designs, algorithms, and procedures. We pursue intellectual property protections that are aligned and advantageous to our business objectives and we require our customers and business partners to enter into confidentiality agreements before we disclose sensitive aspects of our technology or business plans. We may take legal action to prevent third parties from infringing or misappropriating our intellectual property or from otherwise gaining access to our technology.  Furthermore, during onboarding, Fluence employees agree to assign all the inventions, designs, and technologies they develop during the course of employment with us, to Fluence.
Competition

The energy storage sector is highly competitive and continuously evolving. Our energy storage products, solutions, services, and digital applications are designed to meet the unique demands of the clean energy industry. The intricacy involved in the design and integration of these offerings underscores their technical complexity. Nevertheless, new companies enter the market annually and offer products and services that compete with ours. We remain committed to pioneering novel use cases and exploring untapped market segments, many of which present lower levels of competition. We believe that competitive factors in the energy storage market include, but are not limited to: 
•
safety, reliability and quality;
•
ability to obtain financing;
•
our ability to issue performance guarantees, credit support, and product warranties; 
•
density and duration of our products and solutions; 
•
shortened delivery, installation, and commissioning time;
•
stability in supply chain; 
•
performance of energy storage products and solutions, services and digital applications; 
•
historical customer track record (as the market and industry continues to grow);
•
experience in the battery energy storage system market (both of the Company and key members of leadership);
•
technological expertise and innovation;
•
comprehensive solutions and offerings from a single provider;
11
•
brand recognition; 
•
certain government initiatives, legislation, regulations, and policies; 
•
ease of integration; and
•
seamless hardware and software-enabled service offerings.
The competitive landscape for battery energy storage varies across different geographies, countries, grid services, and customer segments. As the global demand for energy storage products and solutions continues to rise, so does the influx of new and potential entrants into the energy storage sector. However, we believe we distinguish ourselves from competitors by our adeptness in identifying and addressing customer needs with tailor-made products, services, and use cases. We believe we maintain a competitive edge through our performance and value creation, evidenced by attributes such as low total cost of ownership, long-term reliability, diverse service options, and streamlined sales and delivery processes.
Government Regulation and Compliance

Governments across the globe have announced and implemented various policies, regulation, and legislation to support the transition from fossil fuels to low-carbon forms of energy and the infrastructure around that transition. The operation of our business and our customers’ use of our products and solutions and services as well as our digital applications are, and may in the future be, impacted by these various government actions. Current legislation and regulation addressing climate change is making lower GHG-emitting energy sources, such as solar and wind, increasingly desirable to consumers compared to higher GHG-emitting energy sources, such as coal and natural gas and could continue to do so into the future. As a result, legislation and regulations with more stringent limitations on GHG emissions may potentially increase the demand for energy storage solutions and related services. Some of the key legislation, policies, regulations, and guidelines that has and may in the future impact our business and demand for our offerings are set forth below. 
U.S. Greenhouse Gas Emission Related Policies, Regulation and Legislation
The United States rejoined the Paris Agreement effective February 19, 2021, an international climate change agreement among almost 200 nations and the European Union, that established a long-term goal of keeping the increase in global average temperature well below 2°C above pre-industrial levels and which calls for countries to set their own GHG emissions targets and be transparent about the measures each country will use to achieve these targets. In August 2022, the United States passed the IRA, which consists of a number of provisions aimed directly at confronting the climate change crisis. The climate-related provisions of the IRA are projected to cut emissions by up to 40% from 2005 GHG levels in the United States by 2030. Among other things, the IRA introduced an investment tax credit (“ITC”) for standalone energy storage, which is anticipated to lower capital cost of equipment. The IRA also contains provisions with incentives for grid modernization equipment, including domestic battery cell manufacturing, battery module manufacturing and its components as well as various upstream applications. Additional information regarding the tax incentives contained in the IRA are set forth below in “U.S. Energy Storage Regulation and Legislation”.
Non-U.S. Greenhouse Gas Emission Related Policies, Regulation and Legislation
Internationally, in June 2021, the European Commission adopted a package of legislative proposals (the “Fit for 55 package”) as part of the European Green Deal, which encompasses a number of wide-scale proposals aimed at reducing European GHG emissions by 55% by 2030 and targeting net-zero emissions by 2050. Moreover, the European Commission proposed the REPowerEU Plan in May 2022, which is centered around the goal of making Europe independent from Russian fossil fuels well before 2030, in light of Russia's invasion of Ukraine early in 2022. It is meant to incentivize and accelerate the transition to clean energy alternatives and aims to increase the security of energy supply by building and connecting more renewable generation to the grid. In this context, the European Union revised the Renewable Energy Directive in 2023, and increased their 2030 renewable target to a minimum of 42.5% which is up from the previous target of 32%, and with an aspiration to reach 45%. 
In March 2023, the European Commission launched their proposal for the Net Zero Industrial Act (NZIA), which aims to improve the competitiveness of the European clean technology industry. The NZIA officially entered into force in June 2024, but certain parts of the NZIA require implementation within member states and secondary legislation to become fully applicable. The NZIA aims to enhance European manufacturing capacity for net-zero technologies and their key components, addressing barriers to scaling up production in Europe. Within the NZIA, batteries and energy storage technologies are defined as net-zero technologies. The NZIA is anticipated to increase the competitiveness of the net-zero technology sector, attract investments, and improve market access for clean tech in the European Union (“EU”). The NZIA sets a goal for net-zero manufacturing capacity to meet at least 40% of the EU’s annual deployment needs by 2030. 
In October 2023, the European Carbon Border Adjustment Mechanism (CBAM) went into effect. The CBAM is the EU’s tool to put a fair price on carbon emitted during the production of carbon intensive goods that are entering the EU, and to encourage cleaner industrial production in non-EU countries. CBAM is in a current transitional phase through 2025, with the definitive phase beginning 
12
in 2026. This gradual introduction of the CBAM is aligned with the phase-out of the allocation of free allowances under the EU Emissions Trading System (ETS) to support the decarbonisation of EU industry. 
In September 2022, Australia passed climate change legislation containing a targeted 43% reduction in the emissions intensity of its economy of 2005 GHG levels by 2030 and a reduction to net-zero emissions by 2050 and some of its specific states have their own targets, including Victoria’s 95% renewable regeneration by 2035 target and 2.6 GW energy storage by 2030. Additionally, in December 2022, Australia established the Capacity Investment Scheme which is a government initiative that aims to encourage new investment in dispatchable renewable energy generation and storage to support reliability in Australia’s energy market. It is intended to help support Australia energy system to reach 82% of renewable by 2030. 
In August 2022, India committed to reduce emissions intensity by 45% of 2005 GHG levels by 2030 and to achieve about 50% cumulative electric power installed capacity from non-fossil fuel-based energy resources by 2030 as well as achieve net-zero carbon emissions by 2070. In April 2021, the Philippines committed to a projected GHG emissions reduction and avoidance of 75%, of which 2.71% is unconditional, for the period 2020 to 2030 for the sectors of agriculture, wastes, industry, transport, and energy. 
U.S. Energy Storage Regulation and Legislation 
The U.S. Congress is continuously reviewing and passing various climate change proposals, incentives, regulations, and legislation that may support the energy storage industry, including in the form of tax credits and incentives. We cannot guarantee we will realize any or all of the anticipated benefits of incentives under any such enacted regulations or legislation, including the IRA. IRS private letter ruling 201809003 clarified that energy storage is eligible for federal tax credits if charged primarily by qualifying renewable resources. In December 2020, the U.S. Congress passed a spending bill that included $35 billion in energy research and development programs, a two-year extension of the ITC for solar power, a one-year extension of the production tax credit for wind power projects, and an extension through 2025 for offshore wind tax credits. The Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act, also known as the Bipartisan Infrastructure Bill, which was signed into law in November 2021, allocated nearly $7 billion to strengthen the U.S. battery supply chain, which includes producing and recycling critical minerals without new extraction or mining and sourcing materials for domestic manufacturing. Pursuant to this, in October 2022, the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) selected twenty companies to receive $2.8 billion to boost production of the advanced batteries that are critical to the clean energy industry, including energy storage and which intended to support the creation of new domestic manufacturing facilities for batteries and cell components and to support research and development for recycling, reclaiming and adding materials back into the battery supply chain, all of which is anticipated to help increase the demand and market for energy storage solutions here in the United States. 
The IRA adopted in August 2022 contains a number of tax incentive provisions that directly support the adoption of energy storage solutions and services. Before the enactment of the IRA, the Section 48 ITC did not apply to standalone energy storage projects. The IRA added Section 48(a)(3)(A)(ix) to create an ITC for standalone energy storage technology with a minimum capacity of 5 kWh. Energy storage installations that are placed in service after December 31, 2022 and begin construction prior to January 1, 2025, are entitled to the existing ITC under Section 48(a). To qualify for the ITC bonus rate of 30%, an energy storage project will need to satisfy the prevailing wage and apprenticeship requirements. If these requirements are not met, the project will be eligible only for a base rate of 6%. The existing energy ITC as well as the Production Tax Credit (PTC) for renewable energy projects will be replaced by a Clean Electricity Investment Tax Credit (CEITC) or “tech neutral” regime, which is available for any investment in a qualified storage facility that is placed in service after calendar year 2024 (prevailing wage and apprenticeship requirements will still apply). The IRA also included bonus credits associated with the ITC and PTC, which are relevant to our business. There is an 10% bonus credit for projects located in energy communities, an additional 10% bonus credit for projects utilizing products which collectively meet minimum domestic content requirements, and a 10% or 20% bonus credit for certain projects less than 5 MW located in a low-income community or that serve low-income community members. Finally, the IRA included a manufacturing production tax credit for specific renewable energy and battery storage related products and components manufactured in the U.S. We believe we are well positioned to capture the benefits of the manufacturing production tax credit with our battery module manufacturing at our contract manufacturing facility in Utah alongside our supply agreement for U.S. manufactured battery cells with. In addition, we believe we are well positioned to benefit from the bonus credits. The domestic content bonus credit is encouraging project owners to procure battery energy storage systems that have products and components manufactured in the U.S., and the energy communities bonus credit is spurring additional storage project deployments in the U.S. To date, the IRA regulations, proposed regulations and/or guidance issued by the U.S. Department of Treasury and Internal Revenue Service associated with these various tax credits, including but not limited to the ITC/PTC, ITC/PTC domestic content bonus credit, ITC/PTC energy communities bonus credit, ITC/PTC prevailing wage and apprenticeship requirements, and manufacturing production tax credit have provided substantive clarity. However, we are continuing to seek additional clarity on certain aspects of IRA guidance and/or regulation via updated guidance and future proposed and/or final regulations.  The potential impact from the change in the U.S. presidential administration to any existing regulations, including any potential ramifications for the IRA and the various tax incentive provisions as well as other government and tax incentives for clean energy and energy storage in the United States, is uncertain at this stage.    
Finally, recent U.S. tariff policy changes may impact our business and results of operations. In May 2024, the Biden administration announced a significant shift in the tariff framework for the energy storage industry. Under the new structure, the Section 301 tariff rate on lithium-ion non-EV batteries imported from China will increase from the current 7.5% to 25%, effective 
13
January 1, 2026. This change specifically targets "batteries" as defined by U.S. Customs and Border Protection, encompassing the cubes, modules, and certain types of cells.

The tariff rate on battery "parts"–including separators, electrolytes, cans, and electrodes–will remain at its current 25% level. This approach reflects the Biden administration's strategy to encourage domestic production of complete battery systems while maintaining consistent policies on component parts. The nearly two-year lead time before implementation provides an opportunity to adapt our supply chains and potentially ramp up domestic production capacity. We recognize the importance of a resilient and diversified supply chain and believe our forward-thinking approach has positioned us favorably to navigate these new tariff structures with minimal disruption to our operations. Further, we believe our domestic content product, which utilizes U.S.-manufactured cells and modules and is available for delivery starting in early 2025, to be insulated from the effects of this tariff increase. For our non-domestic products, we believe the current 2026 implementation date provides us with a strategic window to further adapt our supply chain strategies, but there can be no guarantee that our results of operations will not be materially adversely impacted by the effects of any tariff changes. 
We have already been proactive in securing U.S. domestically manufactured cells that align with current IRA domestic content requirements and are actively broadening our supply base beyond China. This diversification strategy is anticipated to not only mitigate potential tariff impacts but also enhances our overall supply chain resilience. From a competitive standpoint, we believe these changes could ultimately strengthen Fluence's market position. Our early investments in U.S. domestic supply chains and our ability to provide products meeting IRA domestic content requirements may give us a distinct advantage over competitors more heavily reliant on Chinese imports. 
There is currently uncertainty relating to potential changes to U.S. tariff policy that may arise from the change in U.S. presidential administration.  Changes to U.S. tariff policy may adversely impact our supply chain as well as our supply chain strategies detailed herein, both domestically and internationally, which may then have a adverse impact on our results of operations and business. 
EU Energy Storage Regulation and Legislation 
In August 2023, the EU Battery Regulation entered into force. The EU Battery Regulation aims to ensure that, in the future, batteries sold in the EU have a low carbon footprint, use minimal harmful substances, need less raw materials from non-EU countries, and are collected, reused, and recycled to a high degree in Europe. This regulation is intended to help support the shift to a circular economy, increase security of supply for raw materials and energy, and enhance the EU’s strategic autonomy. Key elements of the

regulation will be phased in over time. Targets for recycling efficiency, material recovery, and recycled content will be introduced gradually beginning in 2025. All collected waste batteries will have to be recycled and high levels of recovery will have to be achieved, in particular of critical raw materials such as cobalt, lithium, and nickel.

In July 2024, a reform of the European Electricity Market Design went into effect. Key changes around the role of flexibility in the European power system were introduced through this reform. Starting in 2026, EU member states are asked to conduct an assessment every two years of estimated needs for flexibility for a period of at least the next five to ten years at national level. Based on those flexibility need assessments, member states are asked to establish indicative national objectives for non-fossil flexibility, including the respective contribution of energy storage. The indicative storage objectives will be part of the member states national energy and climate plans. In order to achieve the national indicative storage objectives, member states are encouraging to strengthen the role of non-fossil flexibility in their national capacity mechanisms or to introduce non-fossil flexibility support schemes. Under these support schemes, energy storage can receive CAPEX or OPEX support under EU state-aid rules. While the implementation of the market design reform, and notably the development of the methodology for the flexibility assessment, is still underway, the new provisions around flexibility are likely to strengthen the role of energy storage in national power market design and allow EU member states to provide state support for the construction of energy storage projects. 
In a number of European countries, reforms on grid fees structures for energy storage, interconnection, and planning processes for energy storage projects and renewable projects are ongoing.

Further opening of market opportunities across Europe may be expected in the future as member states continue to implement provisions from the European Electricity Market Design and the European Commission’s recommendation on energy storage. Many of these processes are not based on legislative action, but implementation of existing provisions by regulators and transmission service operators (TSOs). 
Other Policy Initiatives including Tax Incentives, Cash Grants and Performance Incentives 
U.S. State and Regional Policies
U.S. states and regional TSOs have various policies designed to support and accelerate adoption of clean and/or reliable renewable energy and battery storage technologies. One or more of the following policies exist within nearly every U.S. state as well as many regional TSOs: utility and/or TSO related capacity, ancillary services, or power purchase agreement procurement requirements or associated tariffs and wholesale market structures that spur project deployment, incentives for project deployment (e.g. tax credits, grants), and policies to streamline project permitting. These policies are driving and accelerating the growth of the utility-scale battery storage market across the U.S., although we cannot guarantee that we will realize the anticipated benefits of these policies.  
14
Although we generally are not regulated as a utility, federal, state, and local government statutes and regulations concerning electricity heavily influence the market for our product and services. These statutes and regulations, which are continuously modified, often relate to electricity pricing, net metering, incentives, taxation, competition with utilities, and the interconnection 
of customer-owned electricity generation. Governments, often acting through state utility or public service commissions, also change and adopt different rates for commercial (and residential) customers on a regular basis. These changes can have a positive or negative impact on our ability to deliver cost savings to customers for the purchase of electricity. 
European Country-Specific Policies 
There are certain European country specific initiatives that have historically helped the adoption of clean energy and energy storage solutions. For instance, in Germany, the government published an energy storage strategy in December 2023, aimed at removing barriers to the faster acceleration of energy storage projects in Germany. The German government has further announced the introduction of a capacity mechanism, which will be open to energy storage participants and which is expected to be introduced with first auctions in 2028. 
In several EU member states, support schemes targeted at energy storage have been conducted over the last year or are currently ongoing. These include, but are not limited to, a 2.6 GWh tender in Greece, a 440 MW tender in Hungary, the PERTE regime for stand-alone and co-located storage in Spain targeting more than 2 GWh of storage assets, a 3 GWh RESTORE tender in Bulgaria, and the ongoing Innovation Auction tender regime in Germany. The supported volume of storage may vary depending on the tender outcomes. Further, new government or TSO run mechanisms that would provide storage investors with contracted revenues streams are under review in certain European countries.   
U.S. FERC Support of Energy Storage 
The U.S. Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (“FERC”) has taken a number of steps to help to enable the participation of energy storage in wholesale energy markets. For example, in February 2018, FERC issued Order 841 directing regional transmission operators and independent system operators to remove barriers to the participation of storage in wholesale electricity markets and to establish rules to help ensure storage resources are compensated for the services they provide. Order 841 was upheld in July 2020 following an appeal to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit, with the court finding that FERC’s directives to allow distributed storage participation in wholesale electricity markets did not violate the Federal Power Act’s jurisdictional line separating FERC’s authority over those markets and states’ authority over local distribution facilities. In September 2020, FERC issued Order 2222 opening U.S. wholesale energy markets to aggregations of distributed energy resources like rooftop solar, “behind the meter” batteries, and electric vehicles. In July 2023, FERC issued Order 2023, which is intended to speed up the process of connecting new energy projects to the grid due to the backlog of more than 10,000 energy projects awaiting interconnection in the United States. It includes more stringent deadlines and has adjusted processes that had previously created barriers to battery projects obtaining interconnection and improves interconnection procedures with elements such as more accurate operational modeling of energy storage in interconnection studies. In May 2024, FERC issued Order 1920, which requires transmission operators to conduct and periodically update long-term transmission planning over a 20-year time horizon to anticipate future needs. It also provides for cost-effective expansion of transmission that is being replaced, when needed, known as “right-sizing” transmission facilities. Order 1920 also expressly provides for states’ roles throughout the process of planning, selecting, and determining how to pay for transmission lines. Order 1920 was adopted in an effort to promote the more efficient and cost-effective integration of new renewable generation and battery energy storage resources and help meet the needs of a rapidly evolving grid. 
Energy storage products and solutions require interconnection agreements from the applicable authorities having jurisdiction to operate. In almost all cases, interconnection agreements are standard form agreements that have been pre-approved by the local public utility commission or other regulatory body with jurisdiction over interconnection agreements. As such, no additional regulatory approvals are typically required once interconnection agreements are signed. 
Other Policies, Regulation, and Legislation
Our operations are subject to stringent and complex foreign, federal, state, and local laws, and regulations governing the occupational health and safety of our employees and wage regulations. For example, we are subject to the requirements of the federal Occupational Safety and Health Act, as amended, and comparable U.S. state laws that protect and regulate employee health and safety as well as comparable international laws that aim to protect and regulate employee health and safety.
Changes in or adoption of domestic policies and policy initiatives, legislation and regulations on a federal, state, and local level as well as changes in or adoption of policies and policy initiatives, regulations and legislation in foreign jurisdictions in which we operate may pose risks or provide opportunities for the Company’s business that may impact our future operations and financial condition. For more information about the potential risks of adoption or changes to such policies, legislation and regulations, see Part I, Item 1A. “Risk Factors.”
Permits and Approvals

15
Each of our installations or customer installations must be designed, constructed, and operated in compliance with applicable international, federal, state, and local laws, regulations, codes, standards, and guidelines. To install and operate energy storage products and solutions on our platform, we, our customers, or our partners, as may be applicable, are required to obtain and maintain applicable permits and approvals from the relevant governmental or regulatory authorities having jurisdiction to install energy storage products and solutions and to interconnect the products with the local electrical utility. 
Corporate Information
We file or furnish periodic reports and amendments thereto, including our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). In addition, the SEC maintains a website (www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically. Our website is located at https://fluenceenergy.com and our reports, amendments thereto, proxy statements and other information are also made available, free of charge, on our investor relations website at https://ir.fluenceenergy.com as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file or furnish such information with the SEC. The information posted on our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report or any of our other securities filings unless specifically incorporated herein by reference.
16