Item 3.
Legal Proceedings
42
Item 4. 
Mine Safety Disclosures
42
PART II.
Item 5.
Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
42
Item 6.
Selected Financial Data
44
Item 7.
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
45
Key Financial Measures
45
Results of Operations
48
Financial Condition
52
Liquidity and Capital Resources
69
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
77
Risk Management
82
Item 7A.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk
86
Item 8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
89
Item 9.
Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
89
Item 9A.
Controls and Procedures
89
Item 9B.
Other Information
89
PART III.
Item 10.
Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
90
Item 11.
Executive Compensation
90
Item 12.
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
90
Item 13.
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
90
Item 14.
Principal Accounting Fees and Services
90
PART IV.
Item 15.
Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules
91
FORWARD-LOOKING AND CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS

    References in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to “we,” “us,” “our,” “Sallie Mae,” “SLM,” and the “Company” refer to SLM Corporation and its subsidiaries, except as otherwise indicated or unless the context otherwise requires.
This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains “forward-looking statements” and information based on management’s current expectations as of the date of this report. Statements that are not historical facts, including statements about the Company’s beliefs, opinions, or expectations and statements that assume or are dependent upon future events, are forward-looking statements.  These include, but are not limited to: strategies; goals and assumptions of the Company; the Company’s expectation and ability to execute loan sales and share repurchases; the Company’s expectation and ability to pay a quarterly cash dividend on our common stock in the future, subject to the approval of our Board of Directors; the Company’s 2025 guidance; the Company’s three-year horizon outlook; the impact of acquisitions the Company has made or may make in the future; the Company’s projections regarding originations, net charge-offs, non-interest expenses, earnings, balance sheet position, and other metrics; any estimates related to accounting standard changes; and any estimates related to the impact of credit administration practices changes, including the results of simulations or other behavioral observations. 
Forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, assumptions, and other factors, many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of the Company, which may cause actual results to be materially different from those reflected in such forward-looking statements. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting the Company will be the same as those anticipated by management.  The Company cautions readers that a number of important factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in, or implied or projected by, such forward-looking statements.  These factors include, among others, the risks and uncertainties set forth in Item 1A. “Risk Factors” and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”); increases in financing costs; limits on liquidity; increases in costs associated with compliance with laws and regulations; failure to comply with consumer protection, banking, and other laws or regulations; changes in laws, regulations, and supervisory expectations, especially in light of the goals of the new Trump administration; our ability to timely develop new products and services and the acceptance of those products and services by potential and existing customers; changes in accounting standards and the impact of related changes in significant accounting estimates, including any regarding the measurement of our allowance for credit losses and the related provision expense; any adverse outcomes in any significant litigation to which the Company is a party; credit risk associated with the Company’s  exposure to third parties, including counterparties to the Company’s derivative transactions; the effectiveness of our risk management framework and quantitative models; and changes in the terms of education loans and the educational credit marketplace (including changes resulting from new laws and the implementation of existing laws). We could also be affected by, among other things: changes in our funding costs and availability; reductions to our credit ratings; cybersecurity incidents, cyberattacks, and other failures or breaches of our operating systems or infrastructure, including those of third-party vendors; tariffs; the societal, business, and legislative/regulatory impact of pandemics, other public heath crises, and/or natural disasters; damage to our reputation; risks associated with restructuring initiatives, including failures to successfully implement cost-cutting programs and the adverse effects of such initiatives on our business; changes in the demand for educational financing or in financing preferences of lenders, educational institutions, students, and their families; changes in law and regulations with respect to the student lending business and financial institutions generally; changes in banking rules and regulations, including increased capital requirements; increased competition from banks and other consumer lenders; the creditworthiness of our customers, or any change related thereto; changes in the general interest rate environment, including the rate relationships among relevant money-market instruments and those of our earning assets versus our funding arrangements; rates of prepayments on the loans owned by us; changes in general economic conditions and our ability to successfully effectuate any acquisitions; and other strategic initiatives. The preparation of our consolidated financial statements also requires management to make certain estimates and assumptions, including estimates and assumptions about future events. These estimates or assumptions may prove to be incorrect. 
2024 Form 10-K —
 SLM CORPORATION     
2
All forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are expressly qualified in their entirety by the factors, risks, and uncertainties set forth in the foregoing cautionary statements, and are made only as of the date of this report. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements to conform to actual results or changes in our expectations, nor to reflect events or circumstances that occur after the date on which such statements were made.  In light of these risks, uncertainties, and assumptions, you should not put undue reliance on any forward-looking statements discussed.
2024 Form 10-K —
 SLM CORPORATION     3
AVAILABLE INFORMATION
    Our website address is www.salliemae.com. Copies of our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and Current Reports on Form 8-K, as well as any amendments to those reports, and our Proxy Statements and any significant investor presentations, are available free of charge through our website as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. The SEC maintains a website at www.sec.gov that contains all such filed or furnished reports and other information. In addition, copies of our Board Governance Guidelines, Code of Business Conduct (which includes the code of ethics applicable to our Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer, and Principal Accounting Officer) and the governing charters for each committee of our Board of Directors are available free of charge on our website, as well as in print to any stockholder upon request. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of our Code of Business Conduct (to the extent applicable to our Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer, or Principal Accounting Officer) by posting such information on our website. Information contained or referenced on our website is not incorporated by reference into and does not form a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
2024 Form 10-K —
 SLM CORPORATION     
4
PART I.