Item 3.
Legal Proceedings
18
Item 4.
Mine Safety Disclosures
18
Part II
Item 5.
Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
19
Item 6.
[Reserved]
20
Item 7.
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
21
Item 7A.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
27
Item 8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
28
Item 9.
Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
52
Item 9A.
Controls and Procedures
52
Item 9B.
Other Information
53
Item 9C.
Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections
53
Part III
Item 10.
Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
53
Item 11.
Executive Compensation
53
Item 12
.
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
53
Item 13
.
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
53
Item 14.
Principal Accountant Fees and Services
53
Part IV
Item 15.
Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules
54
Item 16.
Form 10-K Summary
57
This Annual Report on Form 10-K (“Form 10-K”) contains forward-looking statements, within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, that involve risks and uncertainties. Many of the forward-looking statements are located in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-K under the heading “Business” and Part II, Item 7 of this Form 10-K under the heading “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.” Forward-looking statements provide current expectations of future events based on certain assumptions and include any statement that does not directly relate to any historical or current fact. For example, statements in this Form 10-K regarding the potential future impact of macroeconomic conditions and tariffs and other measures on the Company’s business and results of operations are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can also be identified by words such as “future,” “anticipates,” “believes,” “estimates,” “expects,” “intends,” “plans,” “predicts,” “will,” “would,” “could,” “can,” “may,” and similar terms. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and the Company’s actual results may differ significantly from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K under the heading “Risk Factors.” The Company assumes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements for any reason, except as required by law.
Unless otherwise stated, all information presented herein is based on the Company’s fiscal calendar, and references to particular years, quarters, months or periods refer to the Company’s fiscal years ended in September and the associated quarters, months and periods of those fiscal years. Each of the terms the “Company” and “Apple” as used herein refers collectively to Apple Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries, unless otherwise stated.
PART I