ITEM 3.

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

The Company has been named in certain legal proceedings. The Company is vigorously defending all legal proceedings and believes litigation will not have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial position, cash flows or results of operations.

ITEM 4.

MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES

Not applicable.

PART II

ITEM 5.

MARKET FOR REGISTRANT
’
S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

The common stock of National Beverage Corp., par value $.01 per share, (“Common Stock”) is listed on The NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol “FIZZ”.

At June 16, 2025, there were approximately 48,041 holders of our Common Stock, the majority of which hold their shares in the names of banks, brokers and other financial institutions.

The Company paid special cash dividends of $304.1 million ($3.25 per share) on July 24, 2024.

Our Board of Directors has authorized a program to repurchase 3.2 million shares of our common stock of which approximately 1.9 million shares remain available and authorized for repurchases. No shares of our common stock were repurchased during the fiscal year ended May 3, 2025.

      10

Table of Contents

Performance Graph 

The following graph shows a comparison of the five-year cumulative return of an investment of $100 cash on May 2, 2020, assuming reinvestment of dividends, of our Common Stock with the NASDAQ Composite Index, the Dow Jones US Soft Drinks Index and the S&P 500 Index.

ITEM 6.

RESERVED

      11

Table of Contents

ITEM 7.

MANAGEMENT
’
S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
 CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

OVERVIEW

The following Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Operations is intended to provide information about the Company’s operations and business environment and should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements and the accompanying Notes contained in Item 8 of this report.

National Beverage Corp. is incorporated in Delaware and began trading as a public company on the NASDAQ Stock Market in 1991. In this report, the terms “we,” “us,” “our,” “Company” and “National Beverage” mean National Beverage Corp. and its subsidiaries unless indicated otherwise.

National Beverage Corp. innovatively refreshes America with a distinctive portfolio of sparkling waters, juices, energy drinks (Power+ Brands) and, to a lesser extent, carbonated soft drinks. We believe our creative product designs, innovative packaging and imaginative flavors, along with our corporate culture and philosophy, make National Beverage unique as a stand-alone entity in the beverage industry.

National Beverage Corp., in recent years, has transformed into an innovative, healthier refreshment company. From our corporate philosophy to product development and marketing, we are converting consumers to a ‘Better for You’ thirst quencher that cares compassionately for their nutritional health. We are committed to our quest to innovate for the joy, benefit and enjoyment of our consumers’ healthier lifestyle.

The majority of our brands are geared to the active and health-conscious consumer including sparkling waters, energy drinks and juices. Our portfolio of Power+ Brands includes LaCroix® sparkling water; Clear Fruit® non-carbonated water beverages enhanced with fruit flavor; Rip It® energy drinks and shots; and Everfresh®, Everfresh Premier Varietals™ and Mr. Pure® 100% juice and juice-based products. Additionally, we produce and distribute carbonated soft drinks including Shasta® and Faygo®, iconic brands whose consumer loyalty spans more than 135 years.

Our strategy seeks the profitable growth of our products by (i) developing healthier beverages in response to the global shift in consumer buying habits and tailoring our beverage portfolio to the preferences of a diverse mix of ‘crossover consumers’ – a growing group desiring a healthier alternative to artificially sweetened and high-caloric beverages; (ii) emphasizing unique flavor development and variety throughout our brands that appeal to multiple demographic groups; (iii) maintaining points of difference through innovative marketing, packaging and consumer engagement and (iv) responding faster and more creatively to changing consumer trends than larger competitors who are burdened by legacy production and distribution complexity and costs.

Presently, our primary market focus is the United States. Certain of our beverages are also distributed on a limited basis in other countries and options to expand distribution to other regions are being pursued. To service a diverse customer base that includes numerous national retailers, as well as thousands of smaller “up-and-down-the-street” accounts, we utilize a hybrid distribution system consisting of warehouse and direct-store delivery. The warehouse delivery system allows our retail partners to further maximize their assets by utilizing their ability to pick up beverages at our warehouses, further lowering their/our product costs.

Our operating results are affected by numerous factors, including fluctuations in the costs of raw materials, supply chain disruptions, holiday and seasonal programming and weather conditions. Beverage sales are seasonal with higher sales volume realized during the summer months when outdoor activities are more prevalent. See “