ITEM 1A.

RISK FACTORS

In addition to other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the following risk factors should be considered carefully in evaluating the Company’s business. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected by any of these risks. Additional risks and uncertainties, including risks and uncertainties not presently known to the Company, or that the Company currently deems immaterial, may also impair our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

      7

Table of Contents

Brand image and consumer preferences. 
Our beverage portfolio is comprised of a number of unique brands with reputations and consumer loyalty that

have been built over time. Our investments in social media and marketing as well as our strong commitment to product quality are intended to have a favorable impact on brand image and consumer preferences. Unfavorable publicity, or allegations of quality issues, even if false or unfounded, may tarnish our reputation and brand image and cause consumers to choose other products. In addition, if we do not adequately anticipate and react to changing demographics, consumer trends, health concerns and product preferences, our financial position could be adversely affected.

Competition. 
The beverage industry is extremely competitive. Our products compete with a broad range of beverage products, most of which are

manufactured and distributed by companies with substantially greater financial, marketing and distribution resources. Discounting and other actions by our competitors could adversely affect our ability to sustain revenues and profits.

Customer relationships. 
Our retail customer base has been consolidating over many years resulting in fewer customers with increased purchasing power.

This increased purchasing power can limit our ability to increase pricing for our products with certain of our customers. Additionally, e-commerce transactions and value stores are experiencing rapid growth. Our inability to adapt to a changing retail environment could lead to a loss of business and adversely affect our financial position.

Raw materials and energy sources. 
The production of our products is dependent on certain raw materials, including aluminum, resin, corn, linerboard,

water and fruit juice. In addition, the production and distribution of our products is dependent on energy sources, including natural gas, diesel fuel, carbon dioxide and electricity. These items are subject to supply chain disruptions and price volatility caused by numerous factors, including recent changes in trade policy and increased or threatened increases in tariffs on imported goods. Commodity price increases ultimately result in a corresponding increase in the cost of raw materials and energy. We may be limited in our ability to pass these price increases on to our customers or may incur a loss in sales volume to the extent we increase prices. Strikes, weather conditions (including conditions caused by climate change), governmental controls, tariffs, national emergencies, natural disasters, supply shortages or other events could also affect our continued supply and cost of raw materials and energy. If raw materials or energy costs increase, or their availability is limited, our financial position could be adversely affected.

Governmental regulation. 
Our business and properties are subject to various federal, state and local laws and regulations, including those governing the

production, packaging, quality, labeling and distribution of beverage products and those governing environmental laws and regulations. In addition, various governmental agencies have enacted or are considering changes in corporate tax laws as well as additional taxes on soft drinks and other sweetened beverages. Continuing developments in environmental, social and governance matters, including climate change, may result in new or increased legal and regulatory requirements to reduce emissions to mitigate the potential effects of greenhouse gases, to limit or impose additional costs on commercial water use due to local water scarcity concerns, or to expand mandatory reporting of certain environmental, social and governance metrics. While not expected to impact LaCroix sparking waters, recent proposals to phase out synthetic dyes from our nation’s food supply and to remove many sweetened products from the U.S. supplemental nutrition assistance program could, if implemented, result in increased costs and/or reduced demand for certain of our products. Compliance with existing and future laws or regulations could require material increases in capital expenditures and negatively affect our financial position.

Sustained increases in the cost of employee wages and benefits. 
Our profitability is affected by the cost of employee wages as well as health insurance

and other benefits provided to employees, including employees covered under collective bargaining agreements and multi-employer pension plans. Competition in the labor marketplace for qualified employees has led to increased costs, such as higher wages and benefit costs in order to recruit and retain employees. A prolonged labor shortage or inflation in labor costs could adversely impact our financial results.

Unfavorable weather conditions, changing weather patterns and natural disasters. 
Unfavorable weather conditions in the geographic regions in which the Company or its suppliers operate could have an adverse impact on our revenue and profitability. Unusually cold or rainy weather may temporarily reduce demand for our products and contribute to lower sales, which could adversely affect our profitability for such periods. Prolonged drought conditions in the geographic regions in which we do business could lead to restrictions on the use of water, which could adversely affect our ability to produce and distribute products. Additionally, hurricanes, earthquakes, floods or other natural disasters may damage our physical facilities or those of our suppliers or customers.

Climate change may increase the frequency or severity of weather-related events. 
Climate change may also have a negative effect on agricultural production resulting in decreased availability or less favorable pricing for certain commodities utilized in certain of our products. In addition, any perception of a failure to act responsibly with respect to the environment or to effectively respond to regulatory requirements concerning climate change could lead to adverse publicity, which could result in reduced demand for our products, damage to our reputation or increase the risk of litigation.

Dependence on key personnel. 
Our performance significantly depends upon the continued contributions of our executive officers and key employees, both individually and as a group and our ability to retain and motivate them. Our officers and key personnel have many years of experience with us and in our industry and it may be difficult to replace them. If we lose key personnel or are unable to recruit qualified personnel, our operations and ability to manage our business may be adversely affected.

      8

Table of Contents

Cybersecurity and dependence on information technology and third-party service providers. 
We depend on information systems and technology, including public websites and cloud-based services, for many activities important to our business, including communications within our Company, interfacing with customers and consumers; ordering and managing inventory; managing and operating our facilities; protecting confidential information, including personal data we collect; maintaining accurate financial records and complying with regulatory, financial reporting, legal and tax requirements. Our business has in the past and could in the future be negatively affected by system shutdowns, degraded systems performance, systems disruptions or security incidents. These disruptions or incidents may be caused by cyberattacks and other cyber incidents, network or power outages, software, equipment or telecommunications failures, the unintentional or malicious actions of employees or contractors, natural disasters, fires or other catastrophic events. Similar risks exist with respect to our business partners and third-party providers, including suppliers, software and cloud-based service providers, that we rely upon for aspects of various business activities. Although the cyber incidents and other systems disruptions that we have experienced to date have not had a material effect on our business, such incidents or disruptions could have a material adverse effect on us in the future. If we are unable to timely respond to or resolve the issues related to such incidents and disruptions, such issues could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and the timeliness with which we report our internal and external operating results.

ITEM 1B.

UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS

None.

ITEM 1C.

CYBERSECURITY

Cybersecurity Risk Management and Strategy. 
We have developed and continue to evolve our cybersecurity risk management strategy designed to protect our data and ensure the availability of our critical information systems.

Key components of our cybersecurity risk management strategy include:

●

The use of current cybersecurity systems and technologies providing a multi-tier approach to identifying, assessing and mitigating current and emerging cybersecurity risks.

●

An experienced internal security team responsible for managing our cybersecurity risk assessment processes, security controls and our response to cybersecurity incidents.

●

The use of 
external
 service providers that augment our internal cybersecurity resources.

●

Cybersecurity awareness training of our employees, incident response personnel and senior management.

In addition, the Company has established response procedures to address cyber events that 
 may 
occur. Our incident response plan coordinates the activities we take to prepare for, detect, respond to and recover from cybersecurity incidents and includes a contractual relationship with an external and cybersecurity response team. We also maintain insurance coverage that, subject to its terms and conditions, is intended to reimburse certain costs associated with cyber incidents and information systems failures.

During Fiscal 2025, there were no identified cybersecurity threats, including those resulting from previous cybersecurity incidents, that had, or were reasonably likely to have, a material effect on our business strategy, results of operations or financial condition. We continue to monitor potential cybersecurity threats and incorporate findings into our risk management strategies. See “