Item 1A. Risk Factors - Technology and Cybersecurity Risks.”
Risk Management and Strategy
As part of the ongoing maintenance and development of our IS Program, we assess the various risks associated with the unauthorized access or loss of client information and the quality of security controls as prescribed by the Federal Financial Institutions Examinations Council and the National Institute of Standards and Technology Cybersecurity Framework. Our IS risk assessments are prepared in conjunction with our ERM framework, and the results are used to develop strategies to minimize risk to information assets.
Our systems are monitored 24/7 for cybersecurity threats, and we utilize a variety of tools to reduce the risk of data breaches. We maintain an Incident Response Plan which outlines the steps to be taken in the event of an information security incident, which could include a potential or actual data breach. The plan identifies a designated team, including associates and third-party experts responsible for the response, and summarizes the steps, including escalation protocol, for determining whether a breach has occurred and the nature and scope of the breach (if applicable). The plan also summarizes protocol for notifying impacted persons, which may include clients, as well as other applicable agencies or persons, including law enforcement and regulatory authorities.
The Incident Response Plan is led by our CISO, who is also a member of the Disclosure Committee. The Disclosure Committee is a cross-functional management group that is tasked with ensuring that external disclosures subject to SEC rules and regulations are accurate, complete, and timely. Members of the Disclosure Committee include leadership from accounting, credit, information security, information technology, legal, and operations. In conjunction with the working process of the Incident Response Plan, members of the Disclosure Committee evaluate cybersecurity incidents to determine whether disclosure is required.
At least annually, we conduct a third-party information security penetration audit focusing on internal and external network security protocols, as well as internally managed ad hoc testing as needed. Simulations and tabletop testing of our business continuity and Incident Response Plans are performed on a routine basis to test and assist with our associates’ familiarity and preparedness for a security event. Any gaps or improvement areas identified by routine testing are addressed in a timely manner to help improve future security testing.
The processes and controls related to data security are regularly tested by the IS department and Internal Audit. Additional internal security assessments may be performed at the request of the CISO, CIO, the Director of Internal Audit, Management or our Board. Audit and assessment results are presented to the Board, as well as the following committees: management’s Operations Technology Committee and the Audit and Risk Committees of the Board. 
At least annually, the IS Program, including its effectiveness, is reviewed by the Board or a committee thereof. Annually, all associates participate in mandatory training on data privacy provisions and policies, including information security and its importance with respect to client and associate privacy.
All associates (including both full-time and part-time associates) are required to participate in monthly firmwide phishing tests. 
ITEM 2: PROPERTIES
Our executive offices are located at 150 North Meramec Avenue, Clayton, Missouri, 63105. As of December 31, 2024, we utilized banking locations and administrative offices throughout our market areas of Arizona, California, Florida, Kansas, Missouri, Nevada, and New Mexico. Additionally, the Company has a limited network of loan production offices and deposit production offices in various other states. We own or lease our facilities and believe all of our properties are in good condition to meet our business needs. 
ITEM 3: LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
The Company is, from time to time, a party to various legal proceedings arising out of its businesses. Management believes there are no such legal proceedings pending or threatened against the Company in the ordinary course of 
28
business, directly, indirectly, or in the aggregate that, if determined adversely, would have a material adverse effect on the business, consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash flows of the Company. 
For more information on our legal proceedings, see “Item 8. Note 13 – Litigation and Other Contingencies” in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
ITEM 4: MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES
Not applicable.
PART II

ITEM 5: MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
Market for Our Common Stock 
The Company’s common stock trades on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol “EFSC.” As of February 26, 2025, the Company had 1,523 registered shareholders of common stock. The number of holders of record does not represent the actual number of beneficial owners of our common stock because securities dealers and others frequently hold shares in “street name” for the benefit of individual owners who have the right to vote shares.
Dividends
The Company paid quarterly cash dividends on common shares in each of 2024, 2023 and 2022 and anticipates continuing to pay comparable dividends. Total dividends paid per common share were $1.06 in 2024, $1.00 in 2023 and $0.90 in 2022. However, we have no obligation to pay dividends and we may change our dividend policy at any time without notice to our shareholders. 
Our ability to pay dividends is substantially dependent upon the ability of our subsidiaries to pay cash dividends to us. Information on regulatory restrictions on our ability to pay dividends is set forth in “Part I,