Item 1.

Business

Overview

Saia, Inc., through its wholly-owned subsidiaries, is a transportation company headquartered in Johns Creek, Georgia (Saia, Inc. together with its subsidiaries, the Company or Saia). We provide less-than-truckload (LTL) services through a single integrated organization. While more than 97% of our revenue is derived from transporting LTL shipments, we also offer customers a wide range of other value-added services, including non-asset truckload, expedited and logistics services across North America.

Founded in 1924, Saia Motor Freight Line, LLC (Saia LTL Freight), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Saia, Inc., is a leading LTL carrier that provides direct service to the 48 contiguous states and provides LTL services to Canada and Mexico through relationships with third-party interline carriers. Saia LTL Freight specializes in offering its customers a range of LTL services including time-definite and expedited options. Saia LTL Freight primarily provides its customers with solutions for shipments between 100 and 10,000 pounds.

As of December 31, 2024, Saia LTL Freight operated a network comprised of 214 owned and leased terminals, plus three general offices and one warehouse. At December 31, 2024, Saia LTL Freight owned approximately 6,600 tractors and 26,200 trailers, including equipment acquired with finance leases.

Over the past five years, Saia has invested in excess of $2 billion in capital expenditures, primarily for real estate, revenue equipment and technology. The real estate investments have been made to support Saia’s long-term strategy of expanding our footprint in both new and existing markets in order to be closer to our customers and support our goals to gain market share. Equipment and technology investments have been made to support this growth as well as improve our fleet. The investments have provided us improved fuel economy, enhanced safety features across the fleet and reduced carbon emissions. We have also made investments in technology to support our growth, including investments in network optimization, data analytics around operations and profitability, customer service, training and business processes.

In January 2024 Saia closed on the purchase of 17 freight terminals and acquired leases for an additional 11 terminals through the Chapter 11 bankruptcy proceedings of Yellow Corporation. Over time Saia intends to integrate these terminals into its network to allow for more direct service to the customer.

In 2024, Saia generated revenue of $3.2 billion and operating income of $482.2 million compared to revenue of $2.9 billion and operating income of $460.5 million in 2023. In 2024, the average Saia LTL Freight shipment weighed approximately 1,343 pounds and traveled an average distance of approximately 891 miles. In 2023, the average Saia LTL Freight shipment weighed approximately 1,386 pounds and traveled an average distance of approximately 894 miles.

Industry

The trucking industry consists of three segments: a private fleet segment and two “for-hire” carrier segments. The private fleet segment consists of fleets owned and operated by shippers who move their own goods. The two “for-hire” carrier segments, truckload and LTL, are defined by the typical shipment sizes handled by the transportation service companies. Truckload refers to providers generally transporting shipments greater than 10,000 pounds and LTL refers to providers generally transporting shipments less than 10,000 pounds. Saia is primarily an LTL carrier. In addition to the three main trucking segments, Saia also competes with small package carriers, final mile delivery services, railroads, air freight carriers, third party logistics providers and other emerging digital competitors.

LTL carriers typically pick up numerous shipments, generally ranging from 100 to 10,000 pounds, consolidate them at local carrier-operated freight terminals and then transport the shipments from the terminal to the carrier-operated destination terminal for delivery to the ultimate destination. As a result, LTL carriers require expansive

3

networks of pick-up and delivery operations around local freight terminals and linehaul operations to transport freight between the local terminals.

The truckload segment is the largest portion of the “for-hire” carrier market. Truckload carriers primarily transport large shipments from origin to destination with no intermediate handling.

Because truckload carriers do not require an expansive network to provide point-to-point service, the overall cost structure of truckload carriers is typically lower and more variable relative to LTL carriers. However, the lack of a network can subject their drivers to extended periods away from home, often resulting in higher driver turnover and periodic driver shortages. The truckload segment is comprised of several major carriers and numerous small entrepreneurial players. At the most basic level, a truckload carrier can be started with capital for rolling stock (a tractor and a trailer), insurance, a driver and little else. As truckload carriers become larger in scale, capital is needed for technology, infrastructure and some limited facilities. Saia LTL Freight may participate in the truckload market as a means to fill empty miles in lanes that are not at capacity. Saia also offers its customers the truckload and expedited offerings of its non-asset operations.

Capital requirements are significantly higher in the traditional LTL segment versus the truckload segment. In the LTL sector, substantial amounts of capital are required for a network of freight terminals, shipment handling equipment and revenue equipment (both for city pick-up, delivery and linehaul). In addition, investment in technology has become increasingly important in the LTL segment largely due to the number of transactions and number of customers served on a daily basis. Saia LTL Freight picks up approximately 35,000 shipments per day, each of which has a shipper and consignee, and sometimes a third-party payor, all of whom need access to information in a timely manner. In addition to customer service, technology plays a key role in improving operations efficiency and compliance, safety and revenue management. As a result of the significant infrastructure required to operate an LTL carrier, the LTL segment is more concentrated than the truckload segment with the largest LTL players operating nationally or in regional markets. Driver turnover in the LTL sector is significantly lower relative to the truckload sector, although LTL carriers also face periodic driver shortages.

Business Strategy

Saia has grown historically through a combination of organic growth and geographic integration or “tuck-in” acquisitions of smaller trucking and logistics companies. In recent years, Saia has largely grown through organic growth, which it intends to continue going forward.

Key elements of our business strategy include:

Continue to focus on operating safely.

Our most valuable resource is our employees. It is a corporate priority to continuously emphasize the importance of safe operations to reduce both the frequency and severity of injuries and accidents. As part of our ongoing replacement and growth of our tractor fleet, we have been adding accident avoidance technology over the last several years in our new over-the-road tractors, including active braking assistance, adaptive cruise control, lane departure warning systems and roll stability control. This emphasis on safe operations is important to protecting our employees and the communities in which we operate. A safety first focus has the added benefit of helping to control inflationary insurance costs.

4

Manage pricing and business mix.

This element of our business strategy involves managing both the price we charge for our services and the mix of freight we transport to operate our network more profitably. Expansion of our geographic footprint and improvement in our service offering over the last several years has allowed the Company to provide unique solutions to our customers which has lead to increases in revenue per shipment, excluding fuel surcharges.

Increase density in existing geographies.

We gain operating leverage by growing volume and density within our existing geography. Depending on pricing and the specific geography, we estimate that the potential incremental profitability on growth in current markets can be significant. We actively monitor opportunities to add freight terminals where there is sufficient market potential. Future volume growth at Saia could result from improvements in the general economy, industry consolidation, geographic expansion and strategic acquisitions, as well as specific sales and marketing initiatives.

Continue to focus on delivering best-in-class service.

The foundation of Saia’s growth strategy is consistent delivery of high quality service through on-time delivery and reduced claims for lost and damaged freight. Customers value commitment to service quality, which allows us to charge fair compensation for our services and positions us to improve market share.

Continue to focus on improving operating efficiencies.

We have operating initiatives focused on continuing to improve efficiency, including optimizing our linehaul scheduling and pick-up and delivery operations. These initiatives help offset a variety of structural cost increases like wages, healthcare benefits, casualty insurance, workers’ compensation claims, casualty claims and parts and maintenance expense. Optimizing our linehaul scheduling and pick-up and delivery operations provides the opportunity to better utilize assets and thus reduce fuel consumption and carbon emissions. We believe we continue to be well positioned to manage costs, utilize assets and explore additional opportunities for cost savings.

Continue growing the organization through an expanded geographic terminal footprint.

We plan to further pursue geographic expansion and build additional density in markets to promote profitable growth and improve our customer value proposition over time. As a result, we plan to continue to invest in new terminals, in our tractor and trailer fleet and in new technology to enable us to efficiently handle the increased volume we anticipate within new and existing markets.  In addition to direct expansion through adding new terminals, we may consider acquisitions from time to time to help expand geographic reach and density while gaining the business base of the acquired entity.

Continue to address environmental and employee relations.

We are dedicated to building on our strong, positive culture by being a leading corporate citizen for the benefit of our customers, employees, communities and stockholders. In recent years, we have invested heavily in our tractor and trailer fleet to improve fuel efficiency and reduce carbon emissions, while also improving safety and reliability and lowering maintenance expenses. We are also working to optimize our linehaul scheduling and pick-up and delivery operations to better utilize our assets and thus further improve fuel consumption and carbon emissions. We are conducting pilot programs involving the use of alternative fuels for our operations, including testing of tractors powered by compressed natural gas and electricity. We have procedures that are designed to reduce the risk of spills of hazardous materials that we transport and to quickly and efficiently react to any environmental incidents. At our terminals, we have implemented electricity-saving procedures, and we have conservation initiatives in place to recycle used oil, scrap metal, paper, tires and batteries. Additionally, we are using best practices of including green initiatives where possible in our newly constructed terminals.

Based on the most recently available rankings, for 2023, Saia continued to maintain high marks in the EPA’s SmartWay Carrier Performance Rankings for LTL carriers for carbon dioxide, nitrogen oxide and particulate matter emissions per ton-mile. We have also participated in the EPA’s SmartWay Program since 2006, which assists

5

companies with advancing supply chain sustainability by measuring, benchmarking and improving freight transportation efficiency.

We are focused on maintaining strong relationships with our employees. We invest in our employees through training and professional development programs, safety training, wellness programs, internal employee communications and employee recognition programs, along with providing competitive wages and employee benefit programs.

Seasonality

Our revenues are subject to seasonal variations. Customers tend to reduce shipments after the winter holiday season, and our operating expenses tend to be higher as a percent of revenue in the winter months primarily due to lower capacity utilization and weather effects. Generally, the first quarter is the weakest quarter while the second and third quarters are the strongest quarters in terms of revenue and profit. Quarterly profitability is also impacted by the timing of salary and wage increases and general rate increases, which have varied over the years.

Human Capital

We believe our success depends on the strength of our workforce. Our Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer, reporting to our President and Chief Executive Officer, is responsible for developing and executing our human capital strategy. These responsibilities include recruiting, hiring, training and retention, as well as the development of our compensation and benefits programs.

Our mission is to safely drive our customers' success with custom solutions built on the three pillars of our service-focused values: people, purpose and performance. Our core values place the 
Customer First
 as they are the heart of the business.  
Safety
 is a unifying fundamental behavior and practice that supports our Company’s purpose and goals.  
Taking Care of Each Other
 is rooted in our leadership team caring for our employees and our employees caring for each other. Every employee deserves to be treated with 
Dignity and Respect
.  Our emphasis to 
Do the Right Thing 
focuses on making the ethical choice.  Ultimately, we seek and embrace our responsibility to the 
Community
 where we live and operate.

Our nearly 15,300 union-free employees are comprised of about 50% licensed commercial drivers, about 25% dock workers (approximately one-quarter of whom are part-time) and the remaining 25% work in sales, technology and administration to support our business. Approximately 88% of our workforce is male. Approximately 49% of our employees have self-identified as Hispanic or Latino, Native American, Pacific Islander, Asian, Black or African American, or of two or more races. Additionally, more than 75% of our workforce is under the age of 55, while our driver average tenure is seven years.

As the success of our business is fundamentally connected to the well-being of our people, we offer benefits that support their physical, financial and emotional well-being. We provide our employees and their families with access to affordable and convenient medical, dental and vision programs. To foster retention, employees with ten or more years of service do not pay premiums for participation in the medical program. Additionally, we strive to help employees lead healthier lives through a voluntary wellness program aimed at engaging employees to promote proactive evaluation, tracking and management of major health and wellness indicators.

As an added benefit for employees, we offer a 401(k) savings plan with a Company match as well as paid vacation and personal days. These benefits are in addition to the Company’s market-based compensation program designed to maintain competitive compensation packages for all employees. We assess the competitiveness of our compensation by principal job classifications in markets across the country through periodic compensation surveys. Company-wide wage increases are also implemented from time-to-time, including an approximate 4.1% wage increase in July 2024, excluding executives.

In recent years, due to competition for quality employees, the compensation divide between union and non-union carriers has closed dramatically. We believe a direct relationship with our employees provides for better communications and employee relations. This dialogue with our employees enhances operating flexibility and ultimately lowers costs. In addition, non-union carriers have more flexibility with respect to work schedules, routes and other similar items. This flexibility is a major consideration in meeting the service levels required by customers.

6

We believe this differentiation provides stronger future growth prospects, improved efficiencies and customer service capabilities.

Recruiting, Hiring, Training and Professional Development.

We seek to hire employees with the desire that they spend their career with us to retirement. With that in mind, identifying qualified candidates and attracting them with competitive compensation and benefits is key to our success. We have regional recruiting managers across the Company to help meet our hiring needs. If necessary, and to attract the most qualified candidates, we offer periodic signing bonuses to new hires.

More than 300 of our drivers also serve as driver trainers to assist in providing all new drivers with over 80 hours of training. We annually train drivers in defensive driving processes with emphasis on special operations in addition to weekly safety training through various mediums, including videos and group and individual presentations on diverse safety topics. Our tractor fleet is equipped with extensive safety technology, including video recording systems which enable managers to provide coaching and feedback to drivers throughout the year. Our dock employees also receive onboarding instruction which is supplemented with on-going safety and job training. Employees who express an interest in a long-term driving career can enroll in a Company-sponsored dock-to-driver program to obtain the necessary commercial driver certifications. Annual safety awards and recognition are given to drivers, mechanics and dock employees who qualify.

Employee Engagement.

We focus on driving employee engagement throughout our organization. We believe it is important to our success as an organization for our employees to understand how their work contributes to our overall performance.  We communicate with our workforce through a variety of channels and encourage open and direct communication. Our communication starts with an employee’s manager and is supplemented by a variety of means, including regular industry updates, a monthly magazine, reports on quarterly performance directly from the CEO and executive team and annual employee engagement surveys.

We are committed to fostering a work environment that values collaboration, fairness, and employee growth. We pride ourselves on the equitable treatment of our employees and aim to achieve high levels of satisfaction and productivity. We use periodic engagement and compensation surveys to evaluate our efforts in meeting employee needs and driving organizational success.

We seek to create a culture that encourages authenticity and values unique perspectives. By fostering an environment that highlights shared experiences and celebrates individual contributions, we empower our employees to achieve excellence.

Saia’s commitment to fostering a culture of engagement, innovation, and collaboration is exemplified by our emphasis on retention, leadership development, and opportunities for employee growth. This approach ensures alignment with our core values of safety and taking care of each other.

Our workforce engagement efforts reflect a cross-functional perspective on fostering collaboration and fairness, striving to promote a workplace where all employees feel valued for their contributions. Through ongoing evaluation of processes and programs, we focus on attracting, developing, and retaining top talent.

Competition

Although there has been some tightening of capacity and some industry consolidation, shippers continue to have a wide range of choices. We believe that service quality, price, variety of services offered, geographic coverage, responsiveness and flexibility are the important competitive differentiators.

Saia provides LTL services in a highly competitive environment against a wide range of transportation service providers. These competitors include a small number of large, national transportation service providers in the long haul and two-day LTL markets and a larger number of shorter-haul or regional transportation companies in the two-day and overnight LTL markets. The larger the service area, the greater the barriers to entry into the LTL trucking

7

segment due to the need for additional equipment and freight terminals associated with this coverage. The level of technology investment required and density needed to provide adequate labor and asset utilization make larger-scale entry into the LTL market difficult. Saia also competes against several modes of transportation, including truckload and private fleets, small package carriers, final mile delivery services, railroads, air freight carriers, third party logistics providers and other emerging digital competitors.

Regulation

The trucking industry is subject to regulation by many federal, state and local government agencies in the U.S., and these authorities have broad powers over matters ranging from the authority to engage in motor carrier operations, motor carrier registration, driver hours of service, safety and fitness of transportation equipment and drivers, port security, insurance requirements, employment practices, taxation, data privacy and security, certain mergers and acquisitions, financial reporting, fuel efficiency and emissions standards and the transportation and handling of hazardous materials. Regulatory requirements, and changes in regulatory requirements or guidance, may adversely affect our business or the economics of the industry by requiring changes in operating practices that could influence the demand for and increase the costs of providing transportation services.

Key areas of regulatory activity include:

Department of Transportation.

Motor carrier and freight brokerage operations are subject to safety, insurance and bonding requirements prescribed by the U.S. Department of Transportation (DOT) and various state agencies. We are also subject to a variety of vehicle registration and licensing requirements in certain states and local jurisdictions where we operate.

Within the DOT, the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration (FMCSA) has issued rules, including hours of service regulations that limit the maximum number of hours a driver may be on duty between mandatory off-duty hours and require driver rest breaks. The rules provide that a truck driver may work no more than a maximum of 60 hours within 7 consecutive days and 70 hours within 8 consecutive days. FMCSA rules further impose a maximum work period of 14 hours (no more than 11 hours of which may be driving time) after first coming on-duty following 10 consecutive hours of off-duty time. Drivers are also required to take a 30-minute break prior to driving beyond 8 hours.

The FMCSA’s Compliance Safety Accountability Program (CSA) is an enforcement and compliance model that assesses a motor carrier’s on-road performance and investigation results for a 24-month period using roadside stops and inspections, resulting in safety and performance ratings in the following categories: unsafe driving; hours-of-service compliance; driver fitness; controlled substances/alcohol; vehicle maintenance; hazardous material compliance; and crash indicators. The evaluations are used to rank carriers and individual drivers and to select carriers for audit and other interventions or enforcement action.

The FMCSA maintains the Commercial Driver’s License Drug and Alcohol Clearinghouse (DAC), which is a database that discloses drug and alcohol violations of commercial motor vehicle drivers. The DAC requires us to check for current and prospective employees' drug and alcohol violations and annually query for violations of each driver we employ. Drivers with a prohibited status in the DAC will have their state issued commercial driver licenses downgraded and will be unable to continue driving with such until they complete the return-to-duty process.

Department of Homeland Security.

Federal, state and municipal authorities have implemented and continue to implement anti-terrorism measures, including checkpoints and travel restrictions on large trucks. The Transportation Security Administration (TSA) and Customs and Boarder Protection (CBP) continue to focus on trailer security, driver identification, security clearance and border-crossing procedures. These and other safety and security measures, such as rules for transportation of hazardous materials and cargo-security regulations, could increase the cost of operations, reduce the number of qualified drivers and disrupt or impede the timing of our deliveries to customers.

8

Environmental Regulations.

Our operations are subject to federal, state, local, and foreign regulations with regard to air and water quality and other environmental matters. Regulation in this area continues to evolve with changes in the enforcement of existing regulations, as well as the enactment and enforcement of new regulations that may require us or our customers to modify, supplement or replace equipment or facilities or to change or discontinue present methods of operation. Specifically, the EPA has issued regulations reducing the sulfur content of diesel fuel and reducing engine emissions.

Our operations are subject to environmental laws and regulations dealing with the handling of hazardous materials, underground fuel storage tanks and discharge and retention of storm water. We operate in industrial areas where truck terminals and other industrial activities are located and where groundwater or other forms of environmental contamination may have occurred. Under existing law, we could be held responsible for costs related to environmental contamination at or emanating from our current and past facilities and at third party waste disposal sites. Our operations involve the risks of fuel spillage or seepage, environmental damage and hazardous waste disposal and costs associated with the leakage or discharge of hazardous materials we transport for our customers, among others. Violations of applicable environmental laws or regulations or spills or other accidents involving hazardous substances may subject us to cleanup costs, liabilities not covered by insurance, substantial fines or penalties and to civil and criminal liability, any of which could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and cash flows.

Clean Trucks Plan

The EPA and DOT have announced fuel efficiency standards for medium and heavy-duty trucks, which require a reduction of up to 25 percent in carbon emissions over the next decade. In 2021, the EPA announced its “Clean Trucks Plan,” which aimed to develop new rules over a three-year timeframe to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and other air pollutants from heavy-duty trucks. In 2022, the EPA finalized the first phase of the Clean Trucks Plan by adopting a final rule that sets more stringent nitrogen oxides emission standards for new heavy-duty vehicles and engines starting in model year 2027. In March 2024, the EPA approved a new rule under the Clean Trucks Plan regarding new greenhouse gas standards for the manufacture, sale, or importation of heavy-duty trucks that aims to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by up to 60 percent by 2032 for some vehicle classes. The standards apply to heavy-duty vehicles manufactured starting in model year 2028 through model year 2032 and revise certain greenhouse standards for model year 2027 that were established under the prior rulemaking.

California Air Resources Board (CARB)

Several states have enacted and may continue to enact legislation relating to engine emissions, trailer regulations, fuel economy, and/or fuel formulation, such as regulations enacted by CARB. CARB regulations apply to both in-state California carriers and carriers outside of California who own or dispatch equipment in the state. In 2021, CARB adopted more stringent standards to reduce nitrogen oxide emissions by heavy-duty engines. CARB has also adopted regulations to accelerate large-scale transition in California to zero-emission medium and heavy-duty trucks, including trucks of a type used in our operations in California.

Advanced Clean Trucks

CARB’s Advanced Clean Truck regulation is designed to ensure that zero-emission vehicles are brought to market in California. That regulation requires manufacturers to sell zero-emission trucks as an increasing percentage of their annual California sales. By 2035, zero-emission truck/chassis sales must account for 40 percent of truck tractor sales in the state. Numerous other states have adopted or are in the process of adopting the Advanced Clean Trucks Regulation.

Advanced Clean Fleets

In 2023, CARB adopted the Advanced Clean Fleets (ACF) regulation mandating that operators of 50 or more trucks must operate fleets comprised of an increasing percentage of zero-emission vehicles. The regulation includes a

9

phase-in period from 2027 to 2045, depending on the class of vehicle. In January 2025, CARB withdrew its request to the EPA for a waiver that would have allowed it to adopt and enforce the ACF standards. It remains unclear how the decision to withdraw CARB’s request for waiver and authorization will affect its implementation of the ACF regulations or enforcement of the requirements.

Food and Drug Administration.

As a transportation provider of foodstuffs, we are subject to rules and regulations issued by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to provide for the security of food and foodstuffs throughout the supply chain. The FDA has issued a final rule to establish certain requirements under the Sanitary Food and Transportation Act (SFTA) for vehicles and transportation equipment, transportation operations, training, recordkeeping and waivers. The rule is designed to promote best practices in the industry concerning cleaning, inspection, maintenance, loading and unloading of, and operation of vehicles. Under the SFTA requirements, carriers are required to develop and implement written procedures subject to recordkeeping that specify its practices for cleaning, sanitizing, and inspecting vehicles and transportation equipment.

Data Privacy Regulations.

We are subject to laws and regulations regarding data protection and transparency in how data is used and stored in the U.S. and other countries. As a transportation and logistics provider, we collect and process significant amounts of data daily.

Trademarks and Patents

We have registered several service marks and trademarks in the United States Patent and Trademark Office, including Saia Guaranteed Select
®
, Saia Customer Service Indicators
®
 and Saia Xtreme Guarantee
®
. We believe these service marks and trademarks are important components of our marketing strategy.

Additional Information

Saia has a website that is located at www.saia.com. Saia makes available, free of charge through its website, all filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) as soon as reasonably practicable after making such filings with the SEC.

10

Information about our Executive Officers

Information regarding executive officers of Saia is as follows:

Name

Age

Positions Held

Frederick J. Holzgrefe, III

57

President and Chief Executive Officer of Saia, Inc. since April 2020. Mr. Holzgrefe served as President and Chief Operating Officer of Saia, Inc. from January 2019 to April 2020. Prior to this, Mr. Holzgrefe served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since September 2014. Mr. Holzgrefe has been a member of the Board of Directors of Saia, Inc. since January 2019.

Matthew J. Batteh

35

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Saia, Inc.  since May 2024. Mr. Batteh has been with Saia since 2015, most recently serving as Vice President of Finance since 2023.  Prior to that, he served as Saia’s Vice President, Pricing and Analytics from 2020 to 2023 after serving in a variety of pricing and financial analysis roles.

Patrick D. Sugar

37

Executive Vice President of Operations of Saia, Inc. since March 2021. Mr. Sugar joined the Company in December 2016 and served as Vice President of Linehaul and Industrial Engineering prior to his promotion in March 2021.

Raymond R. Ramu

56

Executive Vice President and Chief Customer Officer of Saia, Inc. since May 2015. Mr. Ramu joined Saia LTL Freight in December 1997 and served as Vice President of Sales - East from April 2007 to May 2015.

Rohit Lal

64

Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer of Saia, Inc. since August 2017.

Anthony R. Norwood

58

Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer of Saia, Inc. since March 2022. Prior to joining Saia, Mr. Norwood was Vice President, Human Resources - Corporate for Trane Technologies from April 2020 to March 2022. Prior to that, Mr. Norwood served in various executive roles from 2008 to 2020 at Ingersoll Rand, including as Vice President, Human Resources.

Officers are appointed by the Board of Directors of Saia, Inc. and serve at the discretion of the Board. With the exception of Mr. Holzgrefe, none of the officers of the Company are subject to an employment agreement with the Company. There are no family relationships between any executive officer and any other executive officer or director of Saia or its subsidiaries.

11