Item 1A. Risk Factors” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Governance and Oversight
We have established strong governance practices to oversee cybersecurity and IT risks. The Board of Directors has delegated primary oversight responsibility for cybersecurity to the 
Risk Management Committee (RMC) of the Board
, which is composed of several Board members. 
Our 
Chief Information Officer (CIO) and Information Security Officer (ISO)
 receive security reports and threat intelligence from the Security Operations Center, which apprises the CIO and ISO of any potential incidents and the status of ongoing preventive measures and they share this information at least quarterly with the RMC.
 They also brief the full Board as needed on cybersecurity matters.

We have a multi-disciplinary Cybersecurity Council that connects our Information Security, IT, Corporate Audit, Finance, Legal, Compliance, and Investor Relations teams. This Council facilitates coordination of cybersecurity risk management across our organization and a unified response to incidents. In the event of a cybersecurity incident, the ISO will lead our incident response efforts and convene the Cybersecurity Council to evaluate the situation and determine appropriate next steps (for example, engaging law enforcement or cyber-experts, and considering disclosure obligations). This integrated governance structure – from the operational teams up through senior management and the Board – helps drive accountability and visibility for cybersecurity throughout our organization.
Our leadership team includes seasoned professionals with deep expertise in technology and security. 
Our CIO, Todd Weathersby, has more than 25 years of experience in global IT and cybersecurity management, and our ISO has more than 25 years of experience in cybersecurity, risk, and compliance (with certifications such as CISSP and CISM).
 The knowledge and experience of our CIO and ISO, along with the Board’s active engagement, provides a strong oversight of our cybersecurity strategy. The Board and management also receive regular briefings and training sessions regarding emerging cybersecurity threats and regulatory developments in order to be positioned to adapt to new challenges in the cybersecurity landscape.
​
32

Table of Contents