ITEM 1. BUSINESS
General
OSI Systems, Inc., together with our subsidiaries, is a vertically integrated designer and manufacturer of specialized electronic systems and components for critical applications. We sell our products and provide related services in diversified markets, including homeland security, healthcare, defense and aerospace. Our company is incorporated in the State of Delaware and our principal office is located at 12525 Chadron Avenue, Hawthorne, California 90250.
We have three operating divisions: (a) Security, providing security and inspection systems and turnkey security screening solutions; (b) Optoelectronics and Manufacturing, providing specialized electronic components for our Security and Healthcare divisions, as well as to third parties for applications in the defense and aerospace markets, among others; and (c) Healthcare, providing patient monitoring, cardiology and remote monitoring, and connected care systems and associated accessories.
We sell our security and inspection solutions and healthcare products primarily to end‑users, while we design and manufacture our optoelectronic devices and value‑added subsystems and provide electronics manufacturing services primarily for original equipment manufacturer (OEM) customers.
1

Table of Contents
Security Division. 
A variety of technologies are currently used globally in non-intrusive security and inspection systems, including transmission and backscatter X-ray interrogation, 3-D computed tomography, radiation monitoring, metal detection, millimeter wave imaging, chemical trace detection, and optical inspection. We believe that the market for security and inspection products will continue to be affected by the threat of terrorist incidents, drug and human trafficking, border security, gun violence, and by new government mandates and appropriations for security and inspection products both in the United States and internationally.
Security and inspection products are used at a wide range of facilities such as airports, border crossings, seaports, freight forwarding operations (to screen cargo before it is loaded onto airplanes), government and military installations, sports and concert venues, correctional facilities, and other locations where the interdiction of criminal activities is paramount. The U.S. Department of Homeland Security has undertaken numerous initiatives to prevent terrorists from entering the country, hijacking airplanes, and obtaining and transporting explosives, weapons and their components, and to prevent drug and human trafficking, among other serious crimes. These initiatives, such as the Customs-Trade Partnership Against Terrorism, the U.S. Transportation Security Administration’s Air Cargo Screening Mandate and the U.S. Customs and Border Protection Container Security Initiative, have resulted in increased demand for security and inspection products, as have similar programs undertaken by governments across the world.
The international market for non-intrusive inspection equipment and related services also continues to expand as nations procure and operate equipment to meet their own security objectives and address evolving threats, including bolstering security operations at their own borders, transportation networks, critical infrastructure facilities, and other venues. Global initiatives like the European Union’s Customs Control Equipment Instrument (CCEI) and mandates for 100% cargo scanning at key international ports are driving increased demand for advanced inspection technologies by setting higher security standards, streamlining customs processes, and promoting greater interoperability among international security frameworks. The U.S. Transportation Security Administration and other international air transportation security regulators around the world require the screening of passengers, carry-on bags and air cargo. Several of our screening system models have been approved by the U.S. Transportation Security Administration, as well as by various international regulatory bodies, for this purpose and are procured and used by government agencies, airlines, airports, freight forwarders, transportation companies and other businesses to fulfill their compliance requirements. These and other regulations promulgated by international organizations have resulted in an ongoing global demand for airline, cargo, port and border security and inspection technologies.
Optoelectronics and Manufacturing Division.
 We believe that continued advances in technology have broadened the optoelectronics market by enabling the use of optoelectronic devices in a greater number of applications. In addition, we see a trend among OEMs to outsource the design and manufacture of optoelectronic devices as well as value-added subsystems to fully-integrated, independent manufacturers, like us, which may offer greater specialization, broader expertise, and more flexibility to respond to short cycle times and quicker market expectations.
Our optoelectronic devices are utilized in a wide range of applications across various markets, including aerospace and defense, automotive, medical imaging and diagnostics, life sciences and biotechnology, pharmaceuticals, nanotechnology, telecommunications, construction, and homeland security. Medical applications for our devices include diagnostic and imaging products, patient monitoring equipment, and glucose monitors. Aerospace and defense applications for our devices include satellite navigation sensors, laser-guided munitions systems, range finders, and other applications that require the conversion of optical signals into electrical signals. Homeland security applications for our devices include X-ray imaging, chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear, and explosive-based detection systems. Our optoelectronic devices and value-added subsystems are also used in a wide range of measurement control, monitoring, and industrial applications, serving as key components in telecommunications technologies. We also offer electronics manufacturing services to broader markets, as well as to our optoelectronics customers and our Security and Healthcare divisions. We offer full turnkey solutions as well as printed circuit board assembly, cable and harness assembly, liquid crystal displays, and box-build manufacturing services, in which we provide product design and development, supply chain management, and production manufacturing services. Additionally, our flexible circuit businesses offer design expertise, fabrication capabilities, and assembly of flexible and rigid circuit boards for applications in the industrial, medical, military, and consumer markets.
Healthcare Division.
 Healthcare has been, and we believe will continue to be, a growing economic sector throughout much of the world. Developing countries in Latin America and the Asia-Pacific region are expected to continue to build healthcare infrastructure to serve expanding middle class populations. In developed areas, especially the United States, Europe, and mature Asian countries, aging populations and extended life expectancy are projected to fuel growth in healthcare for the foreseeable future.
2

Table of Contents
While we believe that the healthcare industry will continue to grow throughout much of the world, many factors are forcing healthcare providers to do more with less. These factors include inflationary pressures, labor shortages and unfavorable shifts in payor mix. The COVID-19 pandemic strained healthcare provider resources, placing increased focus on the advantages of remote monitoring and products which can be deployed flexibly, enabling hospitals to quickly reconfigure and adapt to unexpected changes. Our customers expect clinical value, economic value, and clinical decision support. Positioning our current healthcare products to demonstrate the competitive value in total cost of ownership is increasingly important in this environment. At the same time, the widespread introduction of mobile devices into the healthcare environment is creating an emerging demand for patient data acquisition and distribution. Our Healthcare division designs, manufactures and markets devices and software that respond to these factors, helping hospitals reduce costs, make better-informed clinical decisions, and more fully utilize resources.
We are a global manufacturer and distributor of patient monitoring, cardiology and remote monitoring, and connected care solutions for use in hospitals, medical clinics and physician offices. We design, manufacture and market patient monitoring solutions for critical, sub-acute and perioperative care areas of the hospital, wired and wireless networks and ambulatory blood pressure monitors, all aimed at providing caregivers with timely patient information. Our cardiology and remote monitoring systems include Holter recorders and analyzers, ambulatory blood pressure monitors, resting and stress electrocardiography (ECG) devices, and ECG management software systems and related software and services.
Growth Strategy
We believe that one of our primary competitive strengths is our expertise in designing and manufacturing cost-effective specialized electronic systems and components for critical applications. As a result, we will continue to leverage such expertise and capacity to gain price, performance and agility advantages over our competitors in the security, healthcare and optoelectronics fields, and to translate such advantages into profitable growth in these fields. At the same time, we continually seek to identify new markets in which our core expertise and capacity will provide us with competitive advantages. Key elements of our growth strategy include:
Capitalizing on Global Reach. 
We operate from multiple locations throughout the world. We view our international operations as providing an important strategic advantage over competitors. First, our international manufacturing facilities allow us to take advantage of competitive labor rates in order to lower our manufacturing costs. Second, our international offices strengthen our sales and marketing efforts and our ability to service and repair our systems by providing direct access to growing markets and to our existing international customer base. Third, our international manufacturing locations allow us to reduce delivery times to our global customer base. We intend to continue to enhance our international manufacturing and sales capabilities.
Capitalizing on Vertical Integration. 
Our vertical integration provides several advantages across all our divisions. These advantages include reduced manufacturing and delivery times, lower costs due to our access to competitive international labor markets and direct sourcing of raw materials and subcomponents. We also believe that we offer significant added value to our customers by providing a full range of vertically-integrated services, including component design and customization, subsystem concept design and application engineering, product development and prototyping, efficient preproduction and short run manufacturing and competitive mass production capabilities. We believe that our vertical integration differentiates us from many of our competitors and provides value to our customers who can rely on us to be an integrated and comprehensive supplier.
Capitalizing on the Market for Security and Inspection Systems.
 The trend toward increased screening of goods entering and departing from ports and crossing borders has resulted, and may continue to result in, the growth in the market for cargo inspection systems and turnkey security screening services that are capable of inspecting shipping containers (including trucks and rail cars) for contraband and assisting customs officials in the verification of shipping manifests. Package and cargo screening by freight forwarders, airlines and air cargo companies represents a growing sector, as regulations in the United States and Europe have continued to require screening of air cargo shipments. We plan to capitalize on opportunities to replace, service and upgrade existing security installations, and to offer turnkey security screening solutions in which we may construct, staff and/or operate security screening checkpoints for our customers. 
3

Table of Contents
We expect that a market for software-as-a-service (SaaS) platforms that are capable of integrating the data that security inspection systems produce with related information derived from vehicle license plates, cargo container numbers, drivers’ licenses, government databases, and other sources will also continue to develop, mature and grow, particularly as customers shift their operating procedures to take advantage of secure, cloud-based, networking technologies. We are a leader in the development of these platforms, including the transmission of such data to operators that may be working within secure, remote screening facilities hundreds or thousands of miles away from the security checkpoint. Our software has been used by customs and tax authorities in the United States, Europe and Latin America to screen millions of containers and vehicles. We believe that government agencies and commercial customers will continue to rely on such SaaS offerings to review and adjudicate screening decisions remotely, over secure networks, as well as to communicate with and monitor the performance of their employees working on the ground at distant ports, border crossings and other checkpoints.
Finally, we also intend to continue to develop new security and inspection products and technologies, including software, and to enhance our current product and service offerings through internal research and development and selective acquisitions.
Improving and Complementing Existing Medical Technologies. 
We develop and market patient monitoring systems, cardiology and remote monitoring products, connected care solutions, remote clinical monitoring and associated supplies and accessories. Our efforts to develop new products and improve our existing medical technologies are focused on the needs of healthcare organizations, caregivers, and their patients. Our efforts to improve existing medical technologies concentrate on providing products that are flexible and intuitive to use so that clinicians can deliver accurate, precise, reliable and cost-effective care.
Selectively Entering New Markets. 
We intend to continue to selectively enter new markets that complement our existing capabilities in the design, development and manufacture of specialized electronic systems and components for critical applications such as security inspection, patient monitoring and cardiology and remote monitoring. We believe that by manufacturing products that rely on our existing technological capabilities, we will leverage our integrated design and manufacturing infrastructure to build a larger presence in new markets that present attractive competitive dynamics. We intend to achieve this strategy through internal growth and through selective acquisitions.
Acquiring New Technologies and Companies. 
Our success depends in part on our ability to continually enhance and broaden our product offerings in response to changing technologies, customer demands and competitive pressures. We have developed expertise in our various lines of business and other areas through internal research and development efforts, as well as through selective acquisitions. We expect to continue to seek acquisition opportunities to broaden our technological expertise and capabilities, lower our manufacturing costs and facilitate our entry into new markets.
Products and Technology
We design, develop, manufacture and sell products ranging from security and inspection systems to patient monitoring and cardiology and remote monitoring systems to discrete optoelectronic devices and value-added subsystems.
Security and Inspection Systems. 
We design, manufacture and market security and inspection systems globally to end users primarily under the “Rapiscan” trade name. Our Security products are used to inspect baggage, parcels, cargo, people, vehicles and other objects for various contraband and prohibited items including weapons, explosives, drugs, biosecurity threats, and nuclear materials. These systems are also used for the safe, accurate and efficient verification of cargo manifests for the purpose of assessing duties and monitoring the export and import of controlled materials. Our Security products fall into the following categories: baggage and parcel inspection; cargo and vehicle inspection; hold (checked) baggage screening; people screening; radiation monitoring; explosive and narcotics trace detection; optical inspection systems; and radio frequency (RF) equipment. We also offer turnkey security screening services, as well as related software integration platforms, operator training, and the staffing and operation of security screening checkpoints under the “S2” trade name.
In recent years, security and inspection products have increasingly been used at a wide range of facilities in addition to airports, such as border crossings, railways, seaports, cruise line terminals, sports and entertainment venues, freight forwarding operations, government and military installations and nuclear facilities. As a result of the use of security and inspection products at additional facilities, we have diversified our portfolio of security and inspection products and our sales channels.
4

Table of Contents
Many of our security and inspection systems utilize dual-energy X-ray imaging technology, in combination with software enhanced imaging methods and algorithms to facilitate the detection of contraband materials and items such as explosives, weapons, narcotics, and radioactive materials. Dual energy imaging allows some material properties to be identified. Additionally, dual-view X-ray imaging allows operators to view and examine objects from two directions simultaneously, thereby improving the operator’s ability to detect threats quickly and effectively. Some of our systems also use different types or combinations of X-ray imaging in addition to dual-energy, such as multi-view and computed tomography. Algorithms that process images and related data from these systems significantly enhance the overall probability of detection of a range of threat items and materials. Typical threat items include explosives and weapons.
Our inspection systems range in size from compact, handheld and table-top products to large systems comprising entire buildings in which trucks, shipping containers or pallets are inspected. Many of our inspection systems are also designed to be upgradeable to respond to new customer requirements as they emerge or change.
Our cargo and vehicle inspection applications, in which vehicles, cars, trucks, shipping containers, pallets and other large objects can be inspected, are designed in various configurations, including mobile, portal, gantry, and rail systems. Our customers use these products to verify the contents of cars, trucks, rail cars and cargo containers and to detect the presence of contraband, including narcotics, weapons, explosives, radioactive and nuclear materials and other smuggled items. Most of our cargo and vehicle inspection systems employ X‑ray imaging to inspect objects and present images to an inspector, including shapes, sizes, locations and relative densities of the contents. These systems utilize transmission imaging, backscatter imaging, or both technologies in combination. We also manufacture passive radiation monitoring devices for detecting nuclear materials utilizing their gamma and neutron signatures. Additionally, we have developed isotope‑specific identification algorithms. Many of these systems have been built to meet specific requirements of our government customers.
Our broad portfolio of non-intrusive inspection systems permits us to offer customers solutions that are tailored to their specific operational requirements, performance standards and budgets.
In many cases, we have designed our systems to meet the performance specifications of relevant regulators, including authorities located in the United States, United Kingdom and European Union. This is particularly the case with respect to systems used (or approved for use) to perform screening of airline passenger carry-on items, hold (checked) baggage and air cargo.
Our Security division also offers trace detection systems that are designed to detect trace amounts of explosives and narcotics and people screening products, such as walk-through metal detectors for use at security checkpoints at airports, government buildings, sports arenas and other venues. We also advance the application of radio frequency (RF) broadcast transmission and scientific and industrial equipment, specializing in the custom design, development, and manufacture of digital and analog high-power RF systems for a global customer base across various sectors, including science, industrial, government, defense, and broadcast objectives.
Optoelectronic Devices and Manufacturing Services
. Optoelectronic devices designed, manufactured, and sold through our Optoelectronics and Manufacturing division generally consist of both active and passive components. A collection of active components detects lights of different wavelengths and converts light into electrical signals. Meanwhile, another set of devices emits light in the form of lasers, transforming electricity into light. Passive components are responsible for amplifying, separating, and reflecting light. These products are manufactured in standard and customized configurations for specific applications and are offered either as components or as subsystems. Our optoelectronic products and services are provided primarily under the “OSI Optoelectronics,” “OSI LaserDiode,” and “Advanced Photonix” trade names.
In addition to manufacturing standard and OEM products, we also specialize in designing and manufacturing customized, value-added subsystems for use in a wide range of products and equipment. An optoelectronic subsystem typically consists of one or more optoelectronic components that are combined with other electronic components and packaging for use in an end product. The composition of a subsystem can range from a simple assembly of various optoelectronic devices that are incorporated into other subsystems (for example, a printed circuit board containing our optoelectronic devices) to complete end products (for example, pulse oximetry equipment).
5

Table of Contents
We provide electronics design and manufacturing services in North America, the United Kingdom, and the Asia Pacific region. Our offerings include printed circuit boards, cable and harness assemblies, and complete systems. Our factories are equipped with automated surface mount technology (SMT) lines and other advanced automated manufacturing equipment. We offer these services to OEM customers and end users in various sectors, including medical, automotive, defense, aerospace, industrial, and consumer electronics applications that are not primarily focused on integrating optoelectronic devices. Additionally, we design and manufacture custom LCD displays for medical, industrial, and consumer electronics applications, as well as design and fabricate flex circuits for OEM customers ranging from the prototype stage to mass production. Our electronics manufacturing services are provided primarily under the trade names “OSI Electronics,” “APlus Products,” “Altaflex,” and “PFC Flexible Circuits.”
Patient Monitoring and Cardiology and Remote Monitoring. 
Our Healthcare division designs, manufactures and markets products globally to end users primarily under the “Spacelabs Healthcare” trade name.
Spacelabs products include patient monitors for use in perioperative, critical care, step down and emergency care environments with neonatal, pediatric and adult patients. Our patient monitoring systems include bedside monitors such as the Xprezzon and Qube as well as telemetry solutions. These bedside monitors and telemetry devices are networked via wired or wireless networks and data is distributed to centralized surveillance solutions (Xhibit Central Station) and integrated into hospital information systems via products such as Intesys Clinical Suite (ICS). These solutions enable caretakers to monitor critical physiological parameters and to respond to patient conditions by accessing patient data where and when it is required.
Spacelabs SafeNSound™ assists hospitals in providing value-based care by streamlining workflows and improving communications. Features include comprehensive reporting tools, a communications dashboard for monitor technicians, and a device management system to admit patients to monitors/telemetry at the bedside. These tools help address top challenges facing hospitals today.
Spacelabs predictive analytics clinical decision support tools provide surveillance and deterioration alerting for patients in all levels of care in the hospital setting and includes FDA-cleared and regulated products featuring the Rothman Index, a proprietary patient condition score available through EMR-integrated, web-based, or mobile app interfaces. These tools help to drive care improvement initiatives hospitals are funding today.
Our Pathfinder SL
®
 and Lifescreen™ Pro analysis tools provide clinicians the ability to save Holter analysis time and to do detailed analysis when needed inside or outside the hospital. Our Eclipse Pro Holter recorders provide up to 14 days of 3-channel recording or up to 72 hours of 12 lead with pacing. Our Eclipse Mini Ambulatory ECG Recorder provides up to 30 days of 3-channel ECG and when paired with Lifescreen™ Pro clinicians can analyze millions of heart beats within minutes.We are also a supplier of ambulatory blood pressure (ABP) monitors which are routinely used by physicians around the world and by contract research organizations. Many physicians are using ambulatory blood pressure monitoring to detect “white coat” hypertension, a condition in which people experience elevated blood pressure in the doctor’s office but not in their daily lives. Ambulatory blood pressure monitoring helps improve diagnostic accuracy and minimize the associated costs of treatment. Spacelabs OnTrak™ ambulatory blood pressure system has been validated for both pediatric and adult patient types and includes the capability to measure activity correlation with non-invasive blood pressure readings.
Our Sentinel
®
 Cardiology Information Management System is designed to provide an electronic, enterprise-wide scalable system for cardiology and remote monitoring. Sentinel integrates data from Spacelabs-branded products and third-party devices into a central enterprise-wide database system that can be accessed by care providers and medical facility administrators, thereby providing enhanced workflow and efficiencies. The system’s web-based solution enables the secure transfer of data from multiple remote sites. Sentinel supports mobile and remote working, taking ECG management to the point of care for flexible use of devices and capture of data.
The capital-intensive products that our Healthcare division sells have supplies and accessories associated with them that can represent annuity revenue opportunities. Additionally, our Healthcare division manufactures multivendor compatible accessories for use with third-party devices.
6

Table of Contents
Markets, Customers and Applications
Security and Inspection Products
. Some security and inspection products were developed originally in response to civilian airline hijackings. Consequently, certain of our security and inspection products have been and continue to be sold for use at airports. Our security and inspection products are also used for security and customs purposes at locations in addition to airports, such as border crossings, shipping ports, critical infrastructure facilities, international mail facilities, sports and entertainment venues, military and other government installations, freight forwarding facilities, high-profile locations such as U.K. House of Parliament, Buckingham Palace, and the Vatican and for high-profile events such as the Olympic Games, FIFA World Cup, and other sporting events. We also provide turnkey security screening solutions, which can include the construction, staffing and long-term operation of security screening locations for our customers.
Our customers include, among many others, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, U.S. Department of Defense, U.S. Department of State, U.S. Department of Commerce, and U.S. Department of Justice, as well the ministries and departments of many international governments, including transportation and border control authorities and other critical infrastructure agencies.
Our contracts with the U.S. Government are generally subject to termination for convenience at the election of the U.S. Government. For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2025, our Security division’s direct sales to the U.S. Government were approximately $182.8 million. Additionally, certain of our contracts with foreign governments also contain provisions allowing the government to terminate a contract for convenience. For further discussion, please refer to Item 1A. “Risk Factors.”
Optoelectronic Devices and Electronics Manufacturing Services. 
Our optoelectronic devices and electronics are used in a broad range of products for various customers across the following market segments: defense, aerospace, and avionics; medical and life sciences; healthcare; telecommunications; homeland security; toll and traffic management; automotive and industrial.
Patient Monitoring, Cardiology and Remote Monitoring, and Connected Care Solutions.
 Our patient monitoring, cardiology and remote monitoring, and connected care solutions are manufactured and distributed globally for use throughout the hospital, in areas such as critical care, emergency, perioperative and step down units. Our solutions are also utilized in physicians’ offices, medical clinics and ambulatory surgery centers.
We sell products directly to end customers, as well as through integrated delivery networks and group purchasing organizations in the U.S., the NHS Supplies Organization in the United Kingdom, UGAP in France, NUPCO in Saudi Arabia and to various government funded hospitals in the Middle East and several parts of Asia.
Marketing, Sales and Service
We market and sell our security and inspection products and turnkey security screening solutions globally through a direct sales and marketing staff located in North America, South America, Europe, Middle East, Australia, and Asia, in addition to an expansive global network of independent distributors. This sales organization is supported by a service organization located in the same region, as well as a global network of independent, authorized service providers.
We market and sell our healthcare solutions globally through a direct sales and marketing staff located in North America, South America, Europe and Asia, in addition to a global network of independent distributors. We also support these sales and customer service efforts by providing operator in service training, comprehensive interactive eLearning for all products, software updates and upgrades and service training for customer biomedical staff and distributors. We provide this support via our international team of technical and clinical specialists.
We market and sell our optoelectronic devices and manufacturing services through both our direct sales and marketing teams located in North America, Europe, and Asia, as well as indirectly through a global network of independent sales representatives and distributors. Our sales staff is supported by a team of application engineers who provide technical assistance, including application design, custom tooling, process integration, and development of products that meet customer-defined specifications.
7

Table of Contents
We consider our maintenance service operations to be an important element of our business. After the expiration of our standard product warranty periods, we are often engaged by customers, either directly or through our network of authorized service providers, to provide maintenance services for our security and inspection products. In addition, we provide a variety of service and support options for our healthcare customers, including hospital on-site repair and maintenance service and telephone support, parts exchange programs for customers with the internal expertise to perform a portion of their own service needs and a depot repair center at our division headquarters. We believe that our international maintenance service capabilities allow us to be competitive in selling our security and inspection systems as well as our patient monitoring, cardiology and remote monitoring, and connected care systems.
Research and Development
Our security and inspection systems and software are primarily designed at our facilities in the United States and in the United Kingdom, Australia, Germany, Singapore, and India. These products include mechanical, electrical, analog and digital electronics, software, as well as other components and subsystems. In addition to product design, we provide civil works and system integration services to install and integrate our products with other systems, networks and facilities at the customer site. We support cooperative and government-funded research projects with universities, government - funded laboratories, and directly with government agencies themselves.
We design and manufacture optoelectronic devices, and we provide electronics manufacturing services primarily in our facilities in the United States and internationally in the United Kingdom, Canada, India, Indonesia, Malaysia, and Mexico. We engineer and manufacture subsystems to solve the specific application needs of our OEM customers. Additionally, we provide comprehensive subsystem design and manufacturing solutions. We consider our engineering personnel to be an important extension of our core sales and marketing efforts. Our engineering teams also design and develop processes for fabricating our custom products, from semiconductor wafer-level to complete products, to ensure that our technology and products meet the latest market trends.
Our healthcare products are primarily designed at our facilities in the United States, the United Kingdom and India. These products include enterprise and embedded software, networking, connectivity, mechanical, electronic and software subsystems, most of which are designed by us. We are also currently involved, both in the United States and internationally, in research projects aimed at improving our medical systems and at expanding our current product lines.
In addition to close collaboration with our customers in the design and development of our current products, we maintain an active program for the development and introduction of new products, enhancements and improvements to our existing products, including the implementation of new applications of our technology. We seek to further enhance our research and development program and consider such program to be an important element of our business and operations.
Manufacturing and Materials
We currently manufacture our security and inspection systems domestically in California, Massachusetts, and Tennessee, and internationally in Germany, Malaysia and the United Kingdom. We currently manufacture our patient monitoring and cardiology and remote monitoring systems in Washington state. We outsource manufacturing of certain of our supplies and accessories. We currently manufacture our optoelectronic devices and provide electronics manufacturing services domestically in California and New Jersey, and internationally in Canada,

Mexico, India, Indonesia, Malaysia, and the United Kingdom. Most of our high-volume, labor-intensive manufacturing activities are performed at our facilities in Mexico, India, Indonesia and Malaysia.
Our ability to manufacture products and provide follow-on services from offices located in these regions enables us to remain in close proximity to our customers, which is a key component of our global strategy.
Our global manufacturing organization has expertise in optoelectronics, microelectronics, and integrated electronics for industrial and automation, medical, aerospace and defense industry applications. Our manufacturing includes semiconductor silicon and laser wafer processing and fabrication, optoelectronic device assembly and screening, thin and thick film microelectronic hybrid assemblies, surface mount and thru-hole printed circuit board electronic assemblies, cable and harness assemblies, LCD and TFT displays, box-build manufacturing, and flex and rigid - flex circuitry on a complete turnkey basis. To support our manufacturing operations, we outsource specific requirements, including sheet metal fabrication and molding of plastic components.
8

Table of Contents
The principal raw materials and subcomponents used in producing our security and inspection systems consist of X-ray generators, linear accelerators, detectors, data acquisition and computer systems, conveyance systems, vehicles, and miscellaneous mechanical and electrical components. A large portion of the optoelectronic devices, subsystems and circuit card assemblies used in our inspection systems are manufactured in-house. A large proportion of our X-ray generators, linear accelerators, computers and conveyance systems used in our cargo and vehicle inspection systems are purchased from unaffiliated third-party providers.
We currently manufacture our patient monitoring and cardiology and remote monitoring systems in Washington state. We outsource the manufacturing of certain supplies and accessories to third parties.
The principal raw materials and subcomponents used in producing our healthcare products consist of printed circuit boards, housings, mechanical assemblies, pneumatic devices, touch screens, medical grade displays, cables, filters, textiles, fabric, gauges, fittings, tubing and packaging materials. We purchase finished medical devices, computers, peripheral accessories, and remote displays from unaffiliated third-party providers.
The principal raw materials and subcomponents used in producing our optoelectronic devices and electronic subsystems consist of semiconductor wafers, electronic components, light-emitting diodes, scintillation crystals, passive optical components, printed circuit boards, and packaging materials. The silicon-based optoelectronic devices we manufacture are critical components in most of our products and subsystems. We purchase silicon wafers and other electronic components from unaffiliated third-party providers.
For cost, quality control, technological, and efficiency reasons, we purchase specific materials, parts, and components only from single vendors with whom we have ongoing relationships. We do, however, qualify alternative sources for many of our materials, parts, and components. We purchase most materials, parts, and components pursuant to purchase orders placed from time to time in the ordinary course of business.
Information Technology and Cybersecurity Risk Management
We rely extensively on digital technology to conduct operations and engage with our customers and business partners. As the complexity of our engagements grows, so do the threats from cyber-intrusion, ransomware, denial of service, phishing, account takeover, data manipulation and other cyber-misconduct. To counter these threats, we have implemented an information security management system (ISMS) focused on data confidentiality, integrity, and availability. Our ISMS has been certified as ISO/IEC 27001 compliant, and we engage independent third parties (auditors and security firms) to test and assess our cybersecurity controls annually. Similarly, we conduct external cyber-penetration testing annually to assess and improve our security posture and reduce cybersecurity risk. Through a combination of governance, risk, and compliance (GRC) resources, we also (i) proactively monitor IT controls to ensure compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, (ii) perform third-party risk management assessments, (iii) ensure essential business functions remain available during business disruptions, (iv) develop and update incident response plans to address potential weaknesses, and (v) maintain cyber-incident management and reporting procedures. Our ISMS and GRC processes are designed to prioritize IT and cybersecurity risk areas, identify solutions that minimize such risks, pursue optimal outcomes, and maintain compliance with contractual obligations. We maintain a global security operations center with the capability to investigate and trigger impact mitigation protocols in real-time. These capabilities allow us to reduce exposure should a security incident arise. For additional information regarding the risks associated with these matters, see Item 1A. “Risk Factors” and Item 1C. “Cybersecurity.”
Trademarks and Trade Names and Patents
Trademarks and Trade Names. 
We have used, registered and applied to register certain trademarks and service marks to distinguish our products, technologies and services from those of our competitors in the United States and in foreign countries. We monitor and, when necessary, enforce our trademark, service mark and trade name rights in the United States and abroad.
Patents. 
We possess rights to a number of U.S. and foreign patents relating to various aspects of our security and inspection products, healthcare products and optoelectronic devices and subsystems. Our current patents will expire at various times between 2025 and 2042. While we continue to file new applications and pursue new patents, it remains possible that pending patent applications or other applications that may be filed may not result in issued patents. In addition, issued patents may not survive challenges to their validity or enforceability, or may be found to not be infringed by any third parties. Although we believe that our patents have value, our patents, or any additional patents that may be issued in the future, may not be able to provide meaningful protection from competition.
9

Table of Contents
We believe that our trademarks and trade names and patents are important to our business. The loss of some of our trademarks or patents might have a negative impact on our financial results and operations. Nevertheless, with the exception of the loss of the Rapiscan
®
 or Spacelabs
®
 trademarks, the impact of the loss of any single trademark or patent would not likely have a material adverse effect on our business.
Government Regulation of Medical Devices
The patient monitoring, cardiology and remote monitoring, and connected care systems we design, manufacture, and market are subject to regulation by numerous government agencies, principally the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA), and by other federal, state, local and foreign authorities. These systems are also subject to various U.S. and foreign product performance and safety standards. Our medical device product candidates must undergo an extensive government regulatory clearance or approval process prior to sale in the United States and other countries, including submission demonstrating clinical safety and efficacy of intended use, as well as the continuing need for compliance with applicable laws and regulations.This may require significant interaction with regulatory agencies and the expenditure of substantial resources.
United States FDA. 
In the United States, the FDA has broad regulatory powers with respect to preclinical and clinical testing of new medical devices and the designing, manufacturing, labeling, storage, record keeping, marketing, advertising, promotion, distribution, post market monitoring and reporting and import and export of medical devices. Unless an exemption applies, federal law and FDA regulations require that all new or significantly modified medical devices introduced into the market be preceded either by a premarket notification clearance under section 510(k) of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act (FFDCA), or an approved premarket approval (PMA) application. Under the FFDCA, medical devices are classified into one of three classes—Class I, Class II or Class III—depending on the degree of risk associated with each medical device and the extent of control needed to provide reasonable assurances with respect to safety and effectiveness. Class I devices are those for which safety and effectiveness can be reasonably assured by adherence to a set of regulations, referred to as General Controls, which require compliance with the applicable portions of the FDA’s Quality System Regulation (QSR) facility registration and product listing, reporting of adverse events and malfunctions and truthful and non-misleading promotional materials. Some Class I devices, also called Class I reserved devices, also require premarket clearance by the FDA through the 510(k) premarket notification process described below. Most Class I products are exempt from the premarket notification requirements.
Class II devices are those that are subject to the General Controls, as well as Special Controls as deemed necessary by the FDA, which can include performance standards, guidelines and post market surveillance. Most Class II devices are subject to premarket review and clearance by the FDA. Premarket review and clearance by the FDA for Class II devices is accomplished through the 510(k) premarket notification process.
Class III devices include devices deemed by the FDA to pose the greatest risk such as life-supporting or life-sustaining devices, or implantable devices, in addition to those deemed not substantially equivalent following the 510(k) process. The safety and effectiveness of Class III devices cannot be reasonably assured solely by the General Controls and Special Controls described above. Therefore, these devices are typically subject to the PMA application process, which is more costly and time consuming than the 510(k) process and requires substantial clinical data. To date, all of the patient monitoring and cardiology and remote monitoring systems we manufacture and sell in the United States have required only 510(k) pre-market notification clearance.
10

Table of Contents
We are subject to pervasive and continuing post-approval governmental regulation, including, but not limited to, the registration and listing regulation, which requires manufacturers to register all manufacturing facilities and list all medical devices placed into commercial distribution; Quality System (also known as Good Manufacturing Practices) Regulations, which requires manufacturers, including third-party manufacturers, to follow stringent design, risk management, validation, testing, production, control, supplier and contractor selection, complaint handling, documentation and other quality assurance procedures during the manufacturing process; product and promotional labeling regulations; advertising and promotion requirements; restrictions on sale, distribution or use of a device; and the Medical Device Reporting (MDR) regulation, which requires that manufacturers report to the FDA if their device may have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury or malfunctioned in a way that would likely cause or contribute to a death or serious injury if it were to reoccur. Noncompliance with these standards can result in, among other things, fines, injunctions, civil penalties, recalls or seizures of products, total or partial suspension of production, refusal of the government to grant clearance or approval of devices, withdrawal of marketing approvals and criminal prosecutions. We believe that our design, manufacturing and quality control procedures comply with the FDA’s regulatory requirements. Our facilities, records and manufacturing processes are also subject to periodic scheduled and unscheduled inspections by the FDA. Failure to comply with the applicable United States medical device regulatory requirements could result in, among other things, warning letters, untitled letters, fines, injunctions, consent decrees, civil penalties, unanticipated expenditures, repairs, replacements, refunds, recalls or seizures of products, operating restrictions, total or partial suspension of production, the FDA’s refusal to issue certificates to foreign governments needed to export products for sale in other countries, the FDA’s refusal to grant future premarket clearances or approvals, withdrawals or suspensions of current product clearances or approvals and criminal prosecution.
Coverage and Reimbursement. 
Government and private sector initiatives to limit the growth of healthcare costs, including price regulation and competitive pricing, coverage and payment policies, comparative effectiveness therapies, technology assessments and managed care arrangements, are continuing in many countries where we do business, including the United States, Europe and Asia. As a result of these changes, the marketplace has placed increased emphasis on the delivery of more cost-effective medical therapies. In addition, because there is generally no separate reimbursement from third-party payers to our customers for many of our products, the additional costs associated with the use of our products can impact the profit margin of our customers. Accordingly, these various initiatives have created increased price sensitivity over healthcare products generally and may impact demand for our products and technologies.
Healthcare cost containment efforts have also prompted domestic hospitals and other customers of medical devices to consolidate into larger purchasing groups to enhance purchasing power, and this trend is expected to continue. The medical device industry has also experienced some consolidation, partly in order to offer a broader range of products to large purchasers. As a result, transactions with customers are larger, more complex and tend to involve more long-term contracts than in the past. These larger customers, due to their enhanced purchasing power, may attempt to increase the pressure on product pricing.
Other Healthcare Laws. 
In addition to FDA restrictions on marketing and promotion of drugs and devices, other federal and state laws restrict our business practices. These laws include, without limitation, data privacy and security laws, anti-kickback and false claims laws, and transparency laws regarding payments or other items of value provided to healthcare providers.
As a participant in the healthcare industry, we are subject to extensive regulations protecting the privacy and security of patient health information that we receive, including the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009, which was enacted as part of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 (collectively, “HIPAA”). Among other things, these regulations impose extensive requirements for maintaining the privacy and security of individually identifiable health information, known as “protected health information.” The HIPAA privacy regulations do not preempt state laws and regulations relating to personal information that may also apply to us. Our failure to comply with these regulations could expose us to civil and criminal sanctions.
The HIPAA provisions also created federal criminal statutes that prohibit among other actions, knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program, including private third-party payers, knowingly and willfully embezzling or stealing from a healthcare benefit program, willfully obstructing a criminal investigation of a healthcare offense, and knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious or fraudulent statement in connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits, items or services. A person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statutes or specific intent to violate them to have committed a violation. Also, many states have similar fraud and abuse statutes or regulations that may be broader in scope and may apply regardless of payer, in addition to items and services reimbursed under Medicaid and other state programs.
11

Table of Contents
The federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits, among other things, knowingly and willfully offering, paying, soliciting or receiving any remuneration (including any kickback, bribe or rebate), directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, to induce or in return for the purchasing, leasing, ordering, or arranging for or recommending the purchase, lease or order of items or services for which payment may be made, in whole or in part, under Medicare, Medicaid or other federal healthcare programs. The term “remuneration” has been broadly interpreted to include anything of value. Although there are a number of statutory exceptions and regulatory safe harbors protecting some common activities from prosecution, the exceptions and safe harbors are drawn narrowly. Further, a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the federal civil False Claims Act.
The federal False Claims Act prohibits, among other things, any person or entity from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, a false or fraudulent claim for payment or approval to the federal government, or knowingly making, using or causing to be made or used a false record or statement material to a false or fraudulent claim to the federal government. A claim includes “any request or demand” for money or property presented to the U.S. Government. Medical device manufacturers have been held liable under these laws if they are deemed to cause the submission of false or fraudulent claims by, for example, providing customers with inaccurate billing or coding information. When an entity is determined to have violated the False Claims Act, it may be subject to repayment of three times the actual damages sustained by the government, plus significant mandatory civil penalties for each separate false claim. Suits filed under the False Claims Act can be brought by any individual on behalf of the government and such individuals (known as “relators” or, more commonly, as “whistleblowers”) may share in any amounts paid by the entity to the government in fines or settlement. These whistleblower - initiated False Claims Act cases are commonly referred to as “qui tam” actions. False Claims Act cases may also be initiated by the U.S. Department of Justice or any of its local U.S. Attorneys’ Offices. In addition, certain states have enacted laws modeled after the federal False Claims Act. Qui tam actions have increased significantly in recent years, causing greater numbers of healthcare companies to have to defend a false claim action, even before the validity of the claim is established and even if the government decides not to intervene in the lawsuit. Healthcare companies may decide to agree to large settlements with the government and/or whistleblowers to avoid the cost and negative publicity associated with litigation.
These laws impact the kinds of financial arrangements we may have with hospitals or other potential purchasers of our products. They particularly impact how we structure our sales offerings, including pricing, customer support, education and training programs, physician consulting, research grants and other service arrangements. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of the health regulatory laws described above or any other laws that apply to us, we may be subject to material penalties, including potentially significant criminal and civil and administrative penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, imprisonment, exclusion from participation in government healthcare programs, contractual damages, reputational harm, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, any of which could materially and adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our results of operations.
Additionally, there has been a trend towards increased federal and state regulation of payments and other transfers of value provided to healthcare professionals or entities. The federal Physician Payment Sunshine Act requires that certain device manufacturers track and report to the government information regarding payments and other transfers of value to physicians, certain other clinical staff, and teaching hospitals, as well as ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their family members. A manufacturer’s failure to submit timely, accurately and completely the required information for all payments, transfers of value or ownership or investment interests may result in civil monetary penalties for “knowing failures.” Certain states also mandate implementation of compliance programs, impose restrictions on device manufacturer marketing practices and/or require the tracking and reporting of gifts, compensation and other remuneration to healthcare professionals and entities.
We are subject to similar laws in foreign countries where we conduct business. For example, within the EU, the control of unlawful marketing activities is a matter of national law in each of the member states. The member states of the EU closely monitor perceived unlawful marketing activity by companies. We could face civil, criminal, and administrative sanctions if any member state determines that we have breached our obligations under its national laws. Industry associations also closely monitor the activities of member companies. If these organizations or authorities name us as having breached our obligations under their regulations, rules or standards, our reputation would suffer, and our business and financial condition could be adversely affected.
12

Table of Contents
Other Foreign Healthcare Regulations
We are also subject to regulation in the foreign countries in which we manufacture, market, and/or import our products. For example, the commercialization of certain products, including medical devices, in the EU is regulated under a system that presently requires all such products sold in the EU to bear the CE marking—an international symbol of adherence to the medical device regulations and standards of the EU. Our manufacturing facilities in Hawthorne, California; Snoqualmie, Washington; Johor Bahru, Malaysia; Batam, Indonesia; and Hyderabad, India are all certified to the International Organization for Standardization’s ISO 13485 standard for quality management. Our Hawthorne, California and Snoqualmie, Washington facilities are also certified to the requirements of Annex II, section 3 of the Directive 93/42/EEC on Medical Devices, which allows them to self-certify that manufactured products can bear the CE marking. Further, the implementation of the Restriction of Hazardous Substance Directive (“ROHS”) requires that certain products, including medical devices, shipped into the EU eliminate targeted ROHS substances.
The International Medical Device Regulators Forum has implemented a global approach to auditing manufacturers of medical devices. This audit system, called the Medical Device Single Audit Program (“MDSAP”), provides for an annual audit of a medical device manufacturer by a certified body on behalf of various regulatory authorities. Current authorities participating in MDSAP include the Therapeutic Goods Administration of Australia, Brazil’s Agencia Nacional de Vigilancia Sanitaria, Health Canada, Japan’s Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare, and the Japanese Pharmaceuticals and Medical Devices Agency and the FDA. It is expected that more regulatory authorities will participate in MDSAP in the future.
We and other medical device manufacturers are confronted with major changes in the EU’s decades-old regulatory framework governing market access to the EU. The EU’s Medical Devices Regulation (“EU MDR”) has replaced the EU’s Medical Device Directive (93/42/EEC) and the EU’s Directive on active implantable medical devices (90/385/EEC). The EU MDR imposes stricter requirements for the marketing and sale of medical devices, including in the areas of clinical evaluation, quality systems and post-market surveillance, than the medical device directives replaced by the EU MDR.
Manufacturers of currently approved medical devices have a transition time to meet the requirements of the EU MDR with expiration of such transition time depending on the class of medical device being manufactured. The EU MDR differs in several important ways from the EU’s directives for medical devices and active implantable medical devices replaced thereby. The most significant changes in the regulations include:
●
The definition of medical devices covered under the EU MDR is significantly expanded to include devices that may not have a medical intended purpose, such as colored contact lenses. Also included in the scope of the regulation are devices designed for the purpose of “prediction and prognosis” of a disease or other health condition.
●
Device manufacturers are required to identify at least one person within their organization who is ultimately responsible for all aspects of compliance with the requirements of the EU MDR. The organization must document the specific qualifications of this individual relative to the required tasks.
●
The EU MDR requires rigorous post-market oversight of medical devices.
●
The EU MDR allows the EU Commission or expert panels to publish “Common Specifications,” such as requirements for technical documentation, risk management, or clinical evaluation.
●
Devices are to be reclassified according to risk, contact, duration, and invasiveness.
●
Systematic clinical evaluation is required for Class IIa and Class IIb medical devices.
●
All approved devices must be recertified in accordance with the EU MDR requirements.
We have a team dedicated to updating and revising key systems, processes, and product technical documentation to meet the EU MDR requirements.
13

Table of Contents
Environmental Regulations
We are subject to various environmental laws, directives, and regulations pertaining to the use, storage, handling and disposal of hazardous substances used, and hazardous wastes generated, in the manufacture of our products. Such laws mandate the use of controls and practices designed to mitigate the impact of our operations on the environment, and under such laws we may be held liable for the costs associated with the remediation and removal of any unintended or previously unknown releases of hazardous substances on, beneath or from our property and associated operations, including the remediation of hazardous waste disposed off-site. Such laws may impose liability without regard to whether we knew of, or caused, the release of such hazardous substances. Any failure by us to comply with present or future regulations could subject us to the imposition of substantial fines, suspension of production, alteration of manufacturing processes or cessation of operations, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
We believe that, except to an extent that would not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations, we are currently in compliance with all environmental regulations in connection with our manufacturing operations, and that we have obtained all environmental permits necessary to conduct our business. The amount of hazardous substances used, and hazardous wastes generated, by us may increase in the future depending on changes in our operations. To ensure compliance and practice proper due diligence, we conduct appropriate environmental audits and investigations at our manufacturing facilities in North America, Asia Pacific, and Europe, and, to the extent practicable, on all new properties. Our manufacturing facilities conduct regular internal audits to ensure proper environmental permits and controls are in place to meet changes in operations. Third-party investigations address matters related to current and former occupants and operations, historical land use, and regulatory oversight and status of associated properties and operations (including surrounding properties). The purpose of these studies is to identify, as of the date of such report, potential areas of environmental concern related to past and present activities or from nearby operations. The scope and extent of each investigation is dependent upon the size, complexity and operation of the property and on recommendations by independent environmental consultants.
Competition
The markets in which we operate are highly competitive and characterized by evolving customer needs and rapid technological change. We compete with other manufacturers, some of which have significantly greater financial, technical and marketing resources than we have. In addition, some competitors may have the ability to respond rapidly to new or emerging technologies, adapt more quickly to changes in customer requirements, have stronger customer relationships, have greater name recognition and devote greater resources to the development, promotion and sale of their products than we do. As a result, we may not be able to compete successfully against all designers and manufacturers of specialized electronic systems and components or within all markets for security and inspection systems, patient monitoring, cardiology and remote monitoring, or optoelectronic devices. Future competitive pressures may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
In the security and inspection market, competition is based primarily on factors such as product performance specification standards, quality and reliability, maintenance and repair competency, government regulatory approvals and qualifications, the overall cost effectiveness of the system, prior customer relationships and reputation, technological capabilities of the products, price, local market presence, historical program execution experience, and breadth of sales and service organization. Competition results in price reductions and reduced margins and could result in loss of market share. Although our competitors offer products in competition with one or more of our products, we can supply a variety of system types and we offer among the widest array of security inspection solutions available from a single supplier. This variety of technologies also permits us to offer unique combinations and hybrid systems to our customers that utilize two or more of these technologies, thereby optimizing flexibility, performance and cost to meet each customer’s unique application requirements.
14

Table of Contents
In the patient monitoring, cardiology and remote monitoring,

clinical monitoring and connected care markets, competition is also based on a variety of factors including product performance, functionality, value and breadth of sales and service organization. Competition could result in price reductions, reduced margins and loss of our market share. We believe that our patient monitoring products are easier to use than the products of many of our competitors because we offer a consistent user interface throughout many of our product lines. We also believe that the capability of our monitoring systems to connect together, and to the hospital infrastructure, is a key competitive advantage. Further, while some of our competitors are also beginning to introduce portal technology, which allows remote access to data from the bedside monitor, central station or other point of care, we believe that our competing technologies bring valuable, instant access to labs, radiology and charting at the point of care. In the patient monitoring and connected care markets we face many large international players. Our competitive advantage in this market is via our solution delivery and workflow and communications software (SafeNSound) as well as our FDA cleared clinical decision support (Rothman Index) software. Our offering in this market in the USA uniquely addresses the needs of our customers.
In cardiology and remote monitoring our competitors are more regionally based. Our differentiators in these markets are our analyzer software solutions as well as our ambulatory blood pressure monitors.
In the markets where we operate, providing optoelectronic devices and electronics manufacturing services, our customers evaluate us and our competitors based on several key factors. These include expertise in the design and development of optoelectronic devices, product quality, timely delivery, pricing, technical support, and the ability to offer fully integrated services that span application development and design through to production. Because our custom optoelectronic components and subsystems require a high degree of engineering expertise, there are very few significant competitors in the United States, Europe, or Asia. The competition in the broader electronic manufacturing services market ranges from multinational corporations with sales exceeding several billion dollars to large regional competitors and small local assembly companies. In our experience, the OEM customers to whom we provide such services often prefer to engage companies that offer both local and lower-cost offshore facilities. Along with a number of domestic competitors for these services, our high-volume, low-cost contract manufacturing locations in Southeast Asia compete with other manufacturers in the same region.
Backlog
We currently measure our backlog as quantifiable purchase orders or contracts that have been signed, for which revenues are expected to be recognized within the next five years. In instances where we are not able to estimate the value of a purchase order or contract, they are not included in backlog.
We ship most of our baggage and parcel inspection, people screening, trace detection, patient monitoring, cardiology, remote monitoring systems and optoelectronic devices and value-added subsystems within one to several months after receiving an order. However, such shipments may be delayed for a variety of reasons, including supply chain disruptions and any special design or requirements of the customer. In addition, large orders of security and inspection products and orders for our most complex systems typically require greater lead-times. Further, we provide turnkey screening services to certain customers for which we may recognize revenue over multi-year periods.
Certain of our cargo and vehicle inspection systems and our radio frequency transmission products may require more than a year of lead-time. We have experienced some significant delays associated with shipments of our cargo and vehicle inspection systems to certain customers. Such delays can occur for many reasons, including: (i) additional time necessary to coordinate and conduct factory inspections with the customer before shipment; (ii) a customer’s need to engage in time-consuming site construction projects to accommodate the system, over which we may have no control or responsibility; (iii) additional fine tuning of such systems once they are installed; (iv) design or specification changes by the customer; (v) time needed to obtain export licenses and/or letters of credit; (vi) delays originating from other contractors on the project; and (vii) supply chain constraints. 
As of June 30, 2025, our consolidated backlog totaled approximately $1.8 billion, compared to $1.7 billion as of June 30, 2024. Sales orders underlying our backlog are firm orders, although, from time to time we may agree to permit a customer to cancel an order, or an order may be cancelled for other reasons. Variations in the size of orders, product mix, or delivery requirements, among other factors, may result in substantial fluctuations in backlog from period to period. Backlog as of any particular date should not be relied upon as indicative of our revenues for any future period and should not be considered a meaningful indicator of our performance on an annual or quarterly basis.
15

Table of Contents
Human Capital
The strength and talent of our workforce are critical to the success of our businesses, and we strive to attract, develop and retain personnel commensurate with the needs of our businesses. Our human capital management priorities are designed to support the execution of our business strategy and improve organizational effectiveness. We contribute to our employees’ financial, health, and social well-being through competitive compensation structures, including a robust employee stock purchase program and retirement benefits, as well as health and well-being programs focused on promoting the physical and mental health of our workforce. We also strive to create opportunities for career development and growth. We provide training and development programs to foster connections, leadership competency, and team and individual development, and we have a tuition reimbursement program to encourage ongoing education.
We understand the importance of a diverse workforce, and we are committed to upholding a culture of diversity, equity, and inclusion. We value the unique contributions of our employees, and we hold firm to the ideals of fairness, equal opportunity and mutual respect for all forms of diversity and differing abilities. We are committed to pay equity and protecting the rights of underrepresented groups within our organization, including women, racial and ethnic minorities, and members of the LGBTQ+ community. Our broader diversity strategies include focus at all levels of our organization, including senior management and our Board of Directors. As of June 30, 2025, 43.7% of our global workforce was female and 48.5% of our U.S. workforce was ethnically diverse.
As of June 30, 2025, we employed 7,337 people, of whom 4,505 were employed in manufacturing, 617 were employed in engineering or research and development, 676 were employed in administration, 364 were employed in sales and marketing and 1,175 were employed in service capacities. Of the total employees, 2,344 were employed in the Americas, 3,876 were employed in Asia and 1,117 were employed in Europe.
Available Information
We are subject to the informational requirements of the Exchange Act. Therefore, we file periodic reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. The SEC maintains an internet website (http://www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy statements and other information that issuers are required to file electronically.
Our internet address is: http://www.osi-systems.com. The information found on, or otherwise accessible through, our website is not incorporated into, and does not form a part of this annual report on Form 10-K or any other report or document we file with or furnish to the SEC. We make available, free of charge through our internet website, our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, and reports filed pursuant to Section 16 of the Exchange Act, as soon as reasonably practicable after electronically filing such material with, or furnishing it to, the SEC. Also available on our website free of charge are our Corporate Governance Guidelines, the Charters of our Nominating and Governance, Audit, Compensation and Benefits, Technology, and Risk Management Committees of our Board of Directors and our Code of Ethics and Conduct (which applies to all members of our Board of Directors and employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer). A copy of this annual report on Form 10-K is available without charge upon written request addressed to: c/o Secretary, OSI Systems, Inc., 12525 Chadron Avenue, Hawthorne, CA 90250 or by calling telephone number (310) 978-0516.
​
​
16

Table of Contents