ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS
Set forth below and elsewhere in this report and in other documents we file with the SEC are descriptions of the risks and uncertainties that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and could make an investment in our securities speculative or risky. We encourage you to carefully consider all such risk factors when making investment decisions regarding our company. If any such risks, or any other risks that we do not currently consider to be material, or which are not known to us, materialize, our business, financial condition and operating results could be materially adversely affected. 
Business and Industry Risks
If operators of, or algorithms installed on, our security and inspection systems fail to detect weapons, explosives or other devices or materials that are used to commit a

crime, terrorist act or other mass casualty event, we could be exposed to product and professional liability and related claims for which we may not have adequate insurance coverage. 
Our business exposes us to potential product liability risks that are inherent in the development, manufacturing, sale, maintenance and repair of security and inspection systems, software and threat detection algorithms, as well as in the provision of training to our customers in the use and operation of such systems. Our customers use our security and inspection systems to help them detect items that could be used in performing terrorist acts, mass casualty events or other crimes. Some of our security and inspection systems require that an operator interpret an image of suspicious items within a bag, parcel, container, vehicle or other vessel. Others rely on threat detection algorithms, or use such algorithms to signal to the operator that further investigation is recommended. The selection, training, supervision, reliability and competence of such operators are often crucial to the detection of suspicious items.
Security inspection systems that rely on threat detection algorithms or that use such algorithms to signal to the operator that further investigation is recommended are sometimes referred to in the security industry as “automatic” detection systems. If such a system were to fail to signal when an explosive, weapon or other contraband was present, resulting in loss of life or damage, we would be subject to risk of significant product liability claims. Security inspection by such technological means is circumstance and application-specific. Our security and inspection systems offer significant capabilities, but also have performance limitations and cannot be designed to reveal or detect contraband under all circumstances, particularly if criminal actors successfully conceal such items. They can also malfunction or underperform, including if not properly maintained or repaired.
We also offer various turnkey security screening solutions under which we perform some or all of the security screening tasks that have historically been performed by our customers, including the development, administration and performance of security screening procedures; operation of the security inspection systems; and analysis of images and information generated by such systems. Such projects expose us to professional liability risks that are inherent in performing security inspection services for the purpose of detecting contraband items, including items that could be used in performing terrorist acts, mass casualty events or other crimes. If a contraband item were to pass through the turnkey security services that we perform for a customer and be used to perform a terrorist act, mass casualty event or other crime, we would be subject to risk of significant professional liability claims for which adequate insurance coverage may not be available.
The loss of certain of our customers, including government agencies that can modify or terminate agreements more easily than other commercial customers with which we contract, the failure to continue to diversify our customer base or the non-renewal of certain material contracts could have a negative effect on our reputation and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
We sell many of our products to prominent, well-respected institutions, including agencies and departments of the U.S. Government, state and local governments, foreign governments, renowned hospitals and hospital networks, and large military defense and space industry contractors. Many of these larger customers spend considerable resources testing and evaluating our products and our design and manufacturing processes and services. Some of our smaller customers know this and rely on this as an indication of the quality and reliability of our products and services. As a result, part of our reputation and success depends on our ability to continue to sell to larger institutions that are known for demanding high standards of excellence. The loss or termination of a contract by such an institution, even if for reasons unrelated to the quality of our products or services, could therefore have a more wide-spread and potentially material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
17

Table of Contents
Our acquisition and alliance activities could result in disruption of our ongoing business and other operational difficulties, unrecoverable costs, and other negative consequences, any of which could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. 
We intend to continue to make investments in companies, products and technologies, either through acquisitions, investments or alliances. Acquisition and alliance activities often involve risks, including: (i) difficulty in assimilating the acquired operations and employees and realizing synergies; (ii) potential liabilities of, or claims against, an acquired company, some of which might not be known until after the acquisition; (iii) difficulty in managing product development activities with our alliance partners; (iv) difficulty in effectively coordinating sales and marketing efforts; (v) difficulty in combining product offerings and product lines quickly and effectively; (vi) difficulty in retaining the key employees of the acquired operation; (vii) disruption of our ongoing business, including diversion of management time; (viii) inability to successfully integrate the acquired technologies and operations into our businesses and maintain uniform standards, controls, policies and procedures; (ix) unanticipated changes in market or industry practices that adversely impact our strategic and financial expectations regarding an acquired company or acquired assets and require us to write off or dispose of such acquired company or assets; (x) lacking the experience necessary to enter into new product or technology markets successfully; and (xi) difficulty in integrating financial reporting systems and implementing controls, procedures and policies, including disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, appropriate for public companies of our size at companies that, prior to the acquisition, had lacked such controls, procedures and policies.
Integrating acquired businesses is complex, time consuming and expensive, and can negatively impact the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. As a result of these and other risks, we cannot be certain that our acquisitions will be successful and will not materially adversely affect the conduct, operating results or financial condition of our business.
Substantial declines in crude oil prices or extended periods of low crude oil prices may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
Some of our international customers have procurement budgets that are strongly correlated with fluctuations in the price of crude oil. Historically, the market for crude oil has been volatile and unpredictable. Crude oil prices are subject to rapid and significant fluctuations in response to global events and relatively minor changes in supply and demand. While factors relating the price of crude oil to demand for our products and services are complex, a period of depressed crude oil prices may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
Unfavorable currency exchange rate fluctuations could adversely affect our financial results. 
Our international sales and our operations in foreign countries expose us to risks associated with fluctuating currency values and exchange rates. Gains and losses on the conversion of accounts receivable, accounts payable and other monetary assets and liabilities to U.S. dollars may contribute to fluctuations in our results of operations. We also use forward contracts which are intended to mitigate the impact of certain foreign currency exposures. These forward contracts may not completely offset foreign currency gains and losses. In addition, since we conduct business in currencies other than the U.S. dollar but report our financial results in U.S. dollars, increases or decreases in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to other currencies could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
U.S. budgeting process disruptions could reduce government spending, which could adversely impact our revenues, earnings, cash flows and financial condition. 
Funding for U.S. federal Government activities takes place on an annual basis with the Government fiscal year beginning on October 1 and ending on September 30. In recent years, the budgeting process has often not been completed by October 1st, which has required the temporary extension of funding authority. Because the provision of appropriated funds is undertaken on an annual basis and subject to budgetary rules and requirements, there can be disruptions to federal funding of current and future procurements.
We face aggressive competition in each of our operating divisions. If we do not compete effectively, our business will be harmed. 
We encounter aggressive competition from numerous competitors in each of our divisions. In the security and inspection and patient monitoring and cardiology systems markets, competition is based primarily on such factors as product performance, functionality and quality, prior customer relationships, technological capabilities of the product, price, certification by government authorities, past performance, local market presence and breadth of sales and service organization. In the optoelectronic devices and electronics manufacturing markets, competition is based primarily on factors such as expertise in the design and development of optoelectronic devices, product quality, timeliness of delivery, price, customer technical support and on the ability to provide fully-integrated services from application development and design through volume subsystem production. We may not be able to compete effectively with all of our competitors. To remain competitive, we must develop new products and enhance our existing products and services in a timely manner. We anticipate that we may have to downward adjust the prices of many of our products to stay competitive. In addition, new competitors may emerge and entire product lines or service offerings may be threatened by new technologies or market trends that reduce the value of these product lines or service offerings. Our failure to compete effectively could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
18

Table of Contents
Healthcare cost containment pressures and legislative or regulatory reforms may affect our ability to sell our products profitably. 
Third-party payers globally are developing increasingly sophisticated methods of controlling healthcare costs which can limit the amount that healthcare providers may be willing to pay for medical devices. In the United States, hospital and other healthcare provider customers that purchase our products typically bill various third-party payers to cover all or a portion of the costs and fees associated with the procedures or tests in which our products are used and bill patients for any deductibles or copayments. Because there is often no separate reimbursement for our products, any decline in the amount payers are willing to reimburse our customers for the procedures and tests associated with our products could make it difficult for customers to continue using, or adopt, our products and create additional pricing pressure for us. 
There have been, and we expect there will continue to be, legislative and regulatory proposals to change the healthcare system, and some could significantly affect the ways in which doctors, hospitals, healthcare systems and health insurance companies are compensated for the services they provide, which could have a material impact on our business. It is not clear at this time what changes may impact the ability of hospitals and hospital networks to purchase the patient monitoring, cardiology and remote monitoring, and connected care systems that we sell or if it will alter market-based incentives that hospitals and hospital networks currently face to continually improve, upgrade and expand their use of such equipment. Efforts by governmental and third-party payers to reduce healthcare costs or the implementation of new legislative reforms imposing additional government controls could cause a reduction in sales or in the selling price of our products, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
Consolidation in the healthcare industry could have a material and adverse effect on our revenues and results of operations. 
The healthcare industry has been consolidating and organizations such as group purchasing organizations, independent delivery networks, and large single accounts continue to consolidate purchasing decisions for many of our healthcare provider customers. As a result, transactions with customers are larger, more complex and tend to involve more long-term contracts. The purchasing power of these larger customers has increased, and may continue to increase, causing downward pressure on product pricing. If we are not one of the providers selected by one of these organizations, we may be precluded from making sales to its members or participants. Even if we are one of the selected providers, we may be at a disadvantage relative to other selected providers that are able to offer volume discounts based on purchases of a broader range of products. Further, we may be required to commit to pricing that has a material adverse effect on our revenues and profit margins, business, financial condition and results of operations. We expect that market demand, governmental regulation, third-party reimbursement policies and societal pressures will continue to change the worldwide healthcare industry, resulting in further business consolidations and alliances, which may exert further downward pressure on the prices of our products and could materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
Technological advances and evolving regulatory standards could reduce our future product sales, which could cause our revenues to grow more slowly or decline. 
The markets for our products are characterized by rapidly changing technology, changing customer needs, evolving industry or regulatory standards and certifications and frequent new product introductions and enhancements. The emergence of new industry or regulatory standards and certification requirements may adversely affect the demand for our current products. In addition, any products or processes that we currently offer or plan to develop may become obsolete or uneconomical before we recover all or any of the expenses incurred in connection with their development. We cannot provide assurance that we will succeed in developing and marketing product enhancements or new products that respond to technological change, new industry standards, evolving customer requirements or competitive products on a timely and cost‑effective basis. Additionally, even if we are able to develop new products and product enhancements to meet any such standards, we cannot provide assurance that they will be profitable or that they will achieve market acceptance. We also develop certain of our security inspection technologies to meet the certification requirements of various government regulatory agencies worldwide. Such standards change as threat and risk assessments evolve and as new technology becomes available within the industry, which enables regulators to demand performance improvements. We may not ultimately be able to develop, or develop in a timely way, solutions that meet the new standards.
Certain of our government contracts are dependent upon our employees obtaining and maintaining required security clearances, as well as our ability to obtain security clearances for the facilities in which we perform sensitive government work. 
Certain of our government contracts require our employees to maintain various levels of security clearances, and we are required to maintain certain facility security clearances. If we cannot maintain or obtain the required security clearances for our facilities and our employees, or obtain these clearances in a timely manner, we may be unable to perform certain government contracts. Further, loss of a facility clearance, or an employee’s failure to obtain or maintain a security clearance, could result in a government customer terminating an existing contract or choosing not to renew a contract. Lack of required clearances could also impede our ability to bid on or win new government contracts. This could damage our reputation and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
19

Table of Contents
We could be subject to changes in tax rates, the adoption of new U.S. or international tax legislation, or exposure to additional tax liabilities. 
We are subject to taxes in the U.S. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Tax rates in various jurisdictions may be subject to significant change due to economic and political conditions or otherwise. Our effective tax rates could be affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, or adoption of new tax legislation or changes in tax laws or their interpretation. We are also subject to the examination of our tax returns and other tax matters by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service and other tax authorities and governmental bodies. We regularly assess the likelihood of an adverse outcome resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for taxes. There can be no assurance as to the outcome of these examinations. If our effective tax rates were to increase, or if the ultimate determination of our taxes owed is for an amount in excess of amounts previously accrued, our financial condition and operating results could be materially adversely affected.
The conflict between Russia and Ukraine and the related implications may negatively impact our operations. 
In February 2022, Russia invaded Ukraine. As a result, the U.S. and certain other countries have imposed sanctions on Russia and could impose further sanctions that could damage or disrupt international commerce and the global economy. It is not possible to predict the broader or longer-term consequences of this conflict or the sanctions imposed to date, which could include further sanctions, embargoes, regional instability, geopolitical shifts and adverse effects on macroeconomic conditions, security conditions, currency exchange rates and financial markets. Such geopolitical instability and uncertainty could have a negative impact on our ability to sell to, ship products to, collect payments from, and support customers in certain regions based on trade restrictions, embargoes and export control law restrictions, and logistics restrictions including closures of air space, and could increase the costs, risks and adverse impacts from supply chain and logistics challenges.
As a result of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, there is also an increased likelihood of cyber-attacks or cybersecurity incidents that could either directly or indirectly impact our operations. Any attempts by cyber-attackers to disrupt our information systems or the information systems of our vendors, if successful, could harm our business, result in the misappropriation of funds, be expensive to remedy, and damage our reputation or brand. We have certain research and development activities within Ukraine for our Healthcare division which have been somewhat impacted and while we expect the impacts of conflict between Russia and Ukraine to continue to have an effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, we are unable to predict the extent or nature of these impacts at this time.
We cannot predict the consequences of current or future geopolitical events, but they may adversely affect the markets in which we operate and our results of operations. 
Ongoing instability and current conflicts in global markets, and the potential for other conflicts and future terrorist activities and other recent geopolitical events throughout the world, including the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine, the ongoing conflict in the Middle East and its regional effects, and increased tensions in Asia, have created and may continue to create economic and political uncertainties and impacts that could have a material adverse effect on our business, operations, and profitability. These types of matters cause uncertainty in financial markets and may significantly increase the political, economic and social instability in the geographic areas in which we operate. In addition, in connection with the current status of international relations with Russia, particularly in light of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, the U.S. government has imposed enhanced export controls on certain products and sanctions on certain industry sectors and parties in Russia. The governments of other jurisdictions in which we operate, such as the European Union and Canada, may also implement sanctions or other restrictive measures. These potential sanctions and export controls, as well as any responses from Russia, could adversely affect us and/or our supply chain, business partners, or customers.
Operational Risks
As a U.S. Government contractor, we are subject to extensive Federal procurement rules and regulations as well as contractual obligations that are unique to doing business with the U.S. Government. Non-compliance with any such rules, regulations or contractual obligations could negatively affect current programs, potential awards and our ability to do business with the U.S. Government in the future. 
U.S. Government contractors must comply with extensive procurement regulations and other requirements. In addition, U.S. Government contracts typically contain provisions and are subject to laws and regulations that provide government agencies rights not typically found in commercial contracts, including the ability to: (i) terminate, reduce the value of, or otherwise modify existing contracts; (ii) suspend or prohibit us from doing business with the government or a specific government agency; and (iii) claim rights in technologies and systems invented, developed or produced by us, in whole or in part, at the government’s expense. U.S. Government agencies and the agencies of many other governments with which we contract can terminate their contracts with us for convenience, and in that event, we generally may recover only our incurred costs and expenses on the work completed prior to termination. If an agency terminates a contract with us for default, we may be denied any recovery and may be liable for excess costs 
20

Table of Contents
incurred by the agency in procuring undelivered items from an alternative source. Decisions by an agency to terminate one of our contracts for default could negatively affect our ability to win future awards not only from such agency, but also from other government agencies and commercial customers, many of whom evaluate past performance, or are required to review past performance information, when making their procurement decisions. U.S. Government agencies may also initiate civil False Claims Act litigation against us based on allegations related to our performance of contracts for the U.S. Government, or to our compliance with procurement regulations and other legal requirements to which such contracts are subject, or both. Such litigation can be expensive to defend and if found liable can result in treble damages and significant civil penalties. The U.S. Government may also initiate administrative proceedings that, if resulting in an adverse finding against us or any of our subsidiaries as to our present responsibility to be a U.S. Government contractor or subcontractor, could result in our company or our subsidiaries being suspended for a period of time from eligibility for award of new government contracts or task orders or in a loss of export privileges and, if satisfying the requisite level of seriousness, in our debarment from contracting with the U.S. Government for a specified term as well as being subject to other remedies available to the U.S. Government. The occurrence of any of the foregoing events could result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
Due to the competitive process to obtain contracts and the likelihood of protests, we may be unable to achieve or sustain revenue growth and profitability. 
A significant portion of our business is generally awarded through a competitive bidding process, which involves substantial costs, including cost and time to prepare bids and proposals for contracts that may not be awarded to us, may be split among competitors or that may be awarded but for which we do not receive meaningful task orders. Following contract award, we may encounter significant expense, delay, contract modifications or even contract loss as a result of our competitors protesting the award of contracts to us in competitive bidding. Any resulting loss or delay of start-up and funding of work under protested contract awards may adversely affect our revenues and profitability. In addition, multi-award contracts require that we make sustained post-award efforts to obtain task orders under the contract. As a result, we may not be able to obtain these task orders or recognize revenues under these multi-award contracts. Our failure to compete effectively in this procurement environment would adversely affect our revenues and profitability.
Our revenues are dependent on orders of security and inspection systems, turnkey security screening solutions and patient monitoring and cardiology and remote monitoring systems, which may have lengthy and unpredictable sales cycles. 
Sales of security and inspection systems and turnkey security screening solutions often depend upon the decision of governmental agencies to upgrade or expand existing airports, border crossing inspection sites, seaport inspection sites, military facilities and other security installations. In the case of turnkey security screening solutions, the commencement of screening operations may be dependent on the approval, by a government agency, of the protocols and procedures that our personnel are to follow during the performance of their activities. In addition, turnkey screening solutions projects require that we hire and manage large numbers of local personnel in jurisdictions where we may not have previously operated. Sales outside of the United States of our patient monitoring and cardiology and remote monitoring systems depend in significant part on the decision of governmental agencies to build new medical facilities or to expand or update existing medical facilities. Accordingly, a significant portion of our sales of security and inspection systems, turnkey security screening solutions and our patient monitoring and cardiology and remote monitoring systems is often subject to delays associated with the lengthy approval processes. During these approval periods, we expend significant financial and management resources in anticipation of future revenues that may not occur. If we fail to receive such revenues after expending such resources, such failure could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
If we do not introduce new products in a timely manner, our products could become obsolete and our operating results would suffer. 
We sell many of our products in industries characterized by rapid technological changes, frequent new product and service introductions and evolving industry standards and customer needs. Without the timely introduction of new products and enhancements, our products could become technologically obsolete over time, in which case our revenue and operating results would suffer. The success of our new product offerings will depend upon several factors, including our ability to: (i) accurately anticipate customer needs; (ii) innovate and develop new technologies and applications; (iii) successfully commercialize new technologies in a timely manner; (iv) price our products competitively and manufacture and deliver our products in sufficient volumes and on time; and (v) differentiate our offerings from our competitors’ offerings. Some of our products are used by our customers to develop, test and manufacture their products. We therefore must anticipate industry trends and develop products in advance of the commercialization of our customers’ products. In developing any new product, we may be required to make a substantial investment before we can determine the commercial viability of the new product. If we fail to accurately foresee our customers’ needs and future activities, we may invest heavily in research and development of products that do not lead to significant revenues.
21

Table of Contents
Increased prices for, and interruptions in our ability to purchase, raw materials and subcomponents may adversely affect our profitability. 
In recent years, inflation and supply chain constraints have resulted in increases in the prices we pay third parties for many of the subcomponents and raw materials used in our products. We generally do not have guaranteed long-term supply arrangements with our suppliers. In addition, for certain raw materials and subcomponents that we use, there are a limited number of potential suppliers that we have qualified or that we are currently able to qualify. Consequently, some of the key raw materials and subcomponents that we use are currently available to us only from a single vendor. The reliance on a single qualified vendor could result in delays in delivering products or increases in the cost of manufacturing the affected products. Any material interruption in our ability to purchase necessary raw materials or subcomponents or a significant increase in price of raw materials or subcomponents could adversely affect our ability to fulfill customer orders and therefore could ultimately have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
We contract with third parties that may be unable to fulfill contracts on time. 
We contract with third-party vendors to service our equipment in the field. In addition, some of these vendors maintain stocks of spare parts that are more efficiently accessed in conjunction with a service agreement than would be the case if we were to maintain such spare parts independently. Any material interruption in the ability of our vendors to fulfill such service contracts could adversely affect our ability to fulfill customer orders and therefore could ultimately have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, purchasers of our security and inspection systems and turnkey security screening solutions sometimes require the construction of the facilities that will house our systems and/or operations. We engage qualified construction firms to perform this work. However, if such firms experience delays, if they perform sub-standard work or if we fail to properly monitor the quality of their work or the timeliness of their progress, we may not be able to complete our construction projects on time. In any such circumstance, we could face the imposition of delay penalties and breach of contract claims by our customer. Any material delay caused by our construction firm subcontractors could therefore ultimately have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
We accumulate excess quantities or elevated inventory levels from time to time. 
Because of long lead times and specialized product designs, in certain cases we purchase components and manufacture products in anticipation of customer orders based on customer forecasts. For a variety of reasons, such as decreased end-user demand for our products or other factors, our customers might not purchase all the products that we have manufactured or for which we have purchased components. If we are unsuccessful in recouping our material and manufacturing costs, this could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, because of the complex customer acceptance criteria associated with some of our products, on some occasions, the title of which or risk of loss has passed to our customers are still included in our inventory until revenue recognition criteria are met. As a result, inventory levels are elevated from time to time.
Economic, political, legal, operational and other risks associated with international sales
 and operations could adversely affect our financial performance. 
Our businesses are subject to risks associated with doing business internationally. Many of our manufacturing facilities, and therefore employees, suppliers, real property, capital equipment, cash and other assets are located outside the United States. Accordingly, our future results could be harmed by a variety of factors, including without limitation: (i) changes in foreign currency exchange rates; (ii) changes in a country’s or region’s political or economic conditions, particularly in developing or emerging markets; (iii) political and economic instability, including the possibility of civil unrest, terrorism, mass violence or armed conflict; (iv) geopolitical events, wars and military conflicts; (v) longer payment cycles of foreign customers and difficulty of collecting receivables in foreign jurisdictions; (vi) imposition of domestic and international taxes, export controls, tariffs, embargoes, sanctions, trade disputes, and other trade restrictions; (vii) difficulty in staffing and managing widespread operations; (viii) difficulty in managing distributors and sales agents and their compliance with applicable laws; (ix) changes in a foreign government’s budget, leadership and national priorities; (x) increased legal risks arising from differing legal systems; and (xi) compliance with export control and anticorruption legislation.
In 2025, the U.S. government announced the imposition of additional tariffs on certain goods imported from numerous countries. Multiple nations responded with reciprocal tariffs and other trade actions. The recent enactment of tariffs by the U.S. government, along with the unpredictability of the rates and other potential actions that may be taken by the U.S. government and foreign governments (including trade restrictions, new or increased tariffs or quotas, embargoes, sanctions and counter sanctions, safeguards or customs restrictions) may materially increase our costs and reduce our margins. These actions may also lead to higher pricing for our products, potentially reducing consumer demand and impacting our sales. We are actively monitoring the impact of any tariffs that become effective, as well as potential retaliatory actions by other countries. We are currently taking actions to mitigate this cost pressure, including accelerating, increasing or canceling inventory, further diversifying suppliers and re-sourcing to countries with lower tariffs, working with longstanding factory partners to reduce costs, identifying further cost reductions across our business and planning for 
22

Table of Contents
strategic price increases. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to implement any strategies in a timely fashion, that these measures will be successful, or that they will offset the negative impact of the tariffs and other government actions on our business.
Given the uncertainty regarding scope and duration of the current and potential tariffs, as well as the potential for additional trade actions by the U.S. or other countries, the specific impact to our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition is uncertain but could be material.
There are inherent risks associated with operations in Mexico. 
We are currently in the process of fulfilling agreements to provide cargo and vehicle inspection systems and related services to government customers in Mexico. The following are certain risks to operating in Mexico that could adversely impact our operations and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations: (i) ability of key suppliers and subcontractors to fulfill obligations on a timely basis; (ii) cooperation of various departments of the Mexican government in issuing permits, and inspecting our operations on a timely basis; (iii) receipt of payments in a timely manner; (iv) significant penalties in the event of our late delivery or non-performance; (v) termination or change in scope of program at the election of the Mexican government; (vi) regional political and economic instability; (vii) high rate of crime in Mexico where we conduct operations; (viii) change in the value of the Mexican peso; and (ix) changes in administration of various departments in the Mexican government associated with our agreements.
Our operations are vulnerable to interruption or loss due to natural disasters, epidemics or pandemics such as COVID-19, terrorist acts and other events beyond our control, which could adversely impact our operations. 
Although we perform manufacturing in multiple locations, we generally do not have redundant manufacturing capabilities in place for any particular product or component. As a result, we depend on our current facilities for the continued operation of our business. A natural disaster, epidemic or pandemic, terrorist act, act of war, civil unrest, or other natural or manmade disaster affecting any of our facilities could significantly disrupt our operations, or delay or prevent product manufacturing and shipment for the time required to repair, rebuild, or replace our manufacturing facilities. This delay could be lengthy and we could incur significant expenses to repair or replace the facilities. Any similar natural or manmade disaster that affects a key supplier or customer could lead to a similar disruption in our business.
Any recall of our products, either voluntarily or at the direction of the FDA or another governmental authority, or the discovery of serious safety issues with our products that leads to corrective actions, could have a material adverse impact on us. 
All medical devices can experience performance problems that require review and possible corrective action by us or a component supplier. Component failures, manufacturing errors, noncompliance with quality system requirements or good manufacturing practices, design defects, software defects or labeling inadequacies in any device could result in an unsafe condition or injury to the patient. The FDA and similar foreign governmental authorities have the authority to require the recall of commercialized products in the event of material deficiencies or defects in design or manufacture of a product or if a product poses an unacceptable risk to health. Manufacturers may also, under their own initiative, stop shipment or recall a product if any material deficiency is found or withdraw a product to improve device performance or for other reasons. A government mandated or voluntary recall by us could occur as a result of an unacceptable risk to health, component failures, manufacturing errors, noncompliance with good manufacturing practices or quality system requirements, design or labeling defects or other deficiencies and issues. Similar regulatory agencies in other countries have similar authority to recall products because of material deficiencies or defects in design or manufacture that could endanger health. A recall involving our products could be particularly harmful to our business, financial and operating results. In addition, under the FDA’s medical device reporting regulations, we are required to report to the FDA any incident in which our product may have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury or in which our product malfunctioned and, if the malfunction were to recur, would likely cause or contribute to death or serious injury. A future recall announcement could harm our reputation with customers and negatively affect our sales. In addition, the FDA or a foreign governmental authority could take enforcement action for failing to report the recalls when they were conducted.
Depending on the corrective action we take to redress a product’s deficiencies or defects, the FDA or applicable foreign regulatory authority may require, or we may decide, that we will need to obtain new approvals or clearances for the device before we may market or distribute the corrected device. Seeking such approvals or clearances may delay our ability to replace the recalled devices in a timely manner. Moreover, we may face additional regulatory enforcement action, including FDA warning letters, product seizure, injunctions, administrative penalties, civil penalties or criminal fines. We may also be required to bear other costs or take other actions that may have a negative impact on our sales as well as face material adverse publicity or regulatory consequences, which could harm our business, including our ability to market our products in the future. Any adverse event involving our products, whether in the United States or abroad, could result in future voluntary corrective actions, such as recalls or customer notifications, or agency action, such as inspection, mandatory recall, orders of repair, replacement or refund or other enforcement action. Any corrective action, whether 
23

Table of Contents
voluntary or involuntary, as well as defending ourselves in a lawsuit, will require the dedication of our time and capital and may harm our reputation and financial results.
We rely on third parties and our own systems for interaction with our customers and suppliers and employees, and a failure of a key information technology system, process or site or any other failure or interruption in the services provided by these third parties or our own systems could have a material adverse impact on our ability to conduct business. 
We rely extensively on our information technology systems and systems and services provided by third parties to interact with our employees and our customers and suppliers. These interactions include, but are not limited to, ordering and managing materials from suppliers, converting materials to finished products, shipping product to customers, processing transactions, summarizing and reporting results of operations, transmitting data used by our service personnel and by and among our wide-spread personnel and facilities, complying with regulatory, legal and tax requirements, and other processes necessary to manage our business. We do not control our third-party service providers and we do not maintain redundant systems for some of such services, increasing our vulnerability to problems with such services. If the systems on which we rely are damaged or cease to function properly due to any number of causes, ranging from failures of our third-party service providers to catastrophic events, to power outages, to security breaches, we may suffer interruptions in our ability to manage operations which may adversely impact our business, results of operations and/or financial condition.
We could suffer a loss of revenue and increased costs, exposure to significant liability, reputational harm, and other serious negative consequences if we sustain cyber-attacks or other data security breaches that disrupt our operations or result in the dissemination of proprietary or confidential information about us or our customers, suppliers, or other third parties; our products and services may be subject to potential cyber-attacks or other information technology vulnerabilities. 
We manage and store proprietary, sensitive and confidential data related to our business operations. We may be subject to cyber-attacks and breaches of the information technology systems we use for these purposes. Experienced programmers and hackers may be able to penetrate our network and application security and misappropriate or compromise our confidential information or that of third parties, create system disruptions, or cause shutdowns. Hackers may also be able to develop and deploy viruses, worms, malware, ransomware and other malicious software programs that attack our systems or otherwise exploit security vulnerabilities in our systems or products. In addition, sophisticated hardware and operating system software and applications that we produce or procure from third parties may contain defects in design or manufacturing, including “bugs” and other problems that could unexpectedly interfere with the operation of our systems or products. Cyber-threats vary in technique, are persistent, frequently change, and increasingly are more sophisticated, targeted, and difficult to detect or prevent. We expend significant capital and resources to protect against the threat of security breaches, including cyber-attacks, viruses, worms, malware, ransomware and other malicious software programs. Substantial additional expenditures may be required before or after a cyber-attack to mitigate or alleviate problems caused by unauthorized access, theft of data stored within our information systems, or the introduction of computer malware or ransomware to our environment. Our remediation efforts may not be successful, and there could be interruptions, delays, or cessation of service due to cyber-attacks or other data security breaches.
We often identify attempts to gain unauthorized access to our systems. Given the rapidly evolving nature and proliferation of cyber-threats, there can be no assurance that our employee training, operational, and other technical security measures or other controls will detect, prevent or remediate security or data breaches in a timely manner or otherwise prevent unauthorized access, damage, or interruption of our systems and operations. We are likely to face attempted cyber-attacks in the future. Accordingly, we may be vulnerable to losses associated with the improper functioning, security breach, or unavailability of our information systems as well as any systems used in acquired operations. In addition, breaches of our security measures and the unapproved use or disclosure of proprietary information or sensitive or confidential data about us or our suppliers, customers or other third parties could expose us or any such affected third party to a risk of loss or misuse of this information, result in litigation and potential liability for us, damage our brand and reputation or otherwise harm our business, even if we were not responsible for the breach. Furthermore, we are exposed to additional risks because we rely in certain capacities on third-party software, data management, and cloud service providers with possible security problems and security vulnerabilities beyond our control. Media or other reports of perceived security vulnerabilities to our systems or those of our third-party suppliers, even if no breach has been attempted or occurred, could adversely impact our brand and reputation and materially and adversely impact our business.
Our products and services may also be at risk of cyber-attacks and security breaches. While we design and build security measures into our products and services, once installed and implemented at customer sites those measures may not prevent all cybersecurity attacks targeted against their networks and datacenters, such as the unauthorized access, capture, or alteration of information; the exposure or exploitation of potential security vulnerabilities; distributed denial of service attacks; the installation of malware or ransomware; acts of vandalism; computer viruses; or misplaced data or data loss.
24

Table of Contents
A significant actual or perceived (whether or not valid) theft, loss, fraudulent use or misuse of customer, employee, or other personally identifiable data, whether by us, our partners and vendors, or other third parties, or as a result of employee error or malfeasance or otherwise, non-compliance with applicable industry standards or our contractual or other legal obligations regarding such data, or a violation of our privacy and information security policies with respect to such data, could result in costs, fines, litigation, or regulatory actions against us. Such an event could additionally result in unfavorable publicity and therefore materially and adversely affect the market’s perception of the security and reliability of our products and services and our credibility and reputation with our customers. Given increasing cybersecurity threats, there can be no assurance that we will not experience business interruptions, data loss, ransom, misappropriation, or corruption or theft or misuse of proprietary information or related litigation and investigation, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations and harm our business reputation.
Delays, costs, and disruptions that result from upgrading, integrating and maintaining the security of our information and technology networks and systems could materially and adversely affect us. 
We are dependent on information technology networks and systems, including Internet and Internet-based or “cloud” computing services, to collect, process, transmit, and store electronic information. We are currently modernizing and upgrading our information technology systems while also simultaneously integrating systems from our various acquisitions, including making changes to legacy systems, and replacing some legacy systems with new and advanced functionality. While upgrading and implementing changes to any one of our systems could present challenges, the age of our systems and architecture may present unique challenges that we have not previously encountered as we undertake these efforts. There are inherent costs and risks associated with integrating, replacing and changing these systems and implementing new systems, including potential disruption of our sales and operations, potential disruption of our internal control structure, substantial capital expenditures, additional administration and operating expenses, demands on management time, securing our systems along with dependent processes from cybersecurity threats, and other risks and costs of delays or difficulties in transitioning to new systems or of integrating new systems into our current systems. The implementation of or delay in implementing new information technology systems may also cause disruptions in our business operations and impede our ability to comply with constantly evolving laws, regulations and industry standards addressing information and technology networks, privacy and data security, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
Our inability to successfully manage the implementation of a company-wide enterprise resource planning (“ERP”) system could adversely affect our operating results. 
We are in the process of implementing a new company-wide ERP system. This process has been and continues to be complex and time-consuming, and we expect to incur additional capital outlays and expenses. This ERP system will modernize and replace many of our existing operating and financial systems, which is a major undertaking from a financial management and personnel perspective. Should the new ERP system not be implemented successfully throughout all our business units, be significantly delayed or over-budget or if the system does not perform in a satisfactory manner, it could be disruptive and adversely affect our operations, including our potential ability to report accurate, timely and consistent financial results, our ability to purchase supplies, components and raw materials from suppliers, and our ability to timely deliver products and services to customers and/or collect receivables from them. If the new ERP system is not successfully and fully implemented, it could negatively affect our financial reporting, inventory management, future sales, profitability and financial condition.
Our credit facility contains provisions that could restrict our ability to finance our future operations or engage in other business activities that may be in our interest. 
Our credit facility contains a number of significant covenants that, among other things, limit our ability to: (i) dispose of assets; (ii) incur certain additional indebtedness; (iii) repay certain indebtedness; (iv) create liens on assets; (v) pay dividends on our common stock; (vi) make certain investments, loans and advances; (vii) repurchase or redeem capital stock; (viii) make certain capital expenditures; (ix) engage in acquisitions, mergers or consolidations; and (x) engage in certain transactions with subsidiaries and affiliates. These covenants could limit our ability to plan for or react to market conditions, finance our operations, engage in strategic acquisitions or disposals or meet our capital needs or could otherwise restrict our activities or business plans. Our ability to comply with these covenants may be affected by events beyond our control. In addition, our credit facility also requires us to maintain compliance with certain financial ratios. Our inability to comply with the required financial ratios or covenants could result in an event of default under our credit facility. A default, if not cured or waived, may permit acceleration of our indebtedness. In addition, our lenders could terminate their commitments to make further extensions of credit under our credit facility. If our indebtedness is accelerated, we cannot be certain that we will have sufficient funds to pay the accelerated indebtedness or that we will have the ability to refinance accelerated indebtedness on terms favorable to us or at all. If we are not able to refinance existing indebtedness on acceptable terms, our ability to finance our operations, engage in strategic acquisitions, and otherwise meet our capital needs would be significantly impaired. As further discussed in Note 8, we amended and extended our credit facility in July 2025.
25

Table of Contents
Shares of our common stock issuable upon conversion of the 2.25% Convertible Senior Notes due 2029 (the “2029 Notes”) may dilute the ownership interest of our stockholders or may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
The conversion of the 2029 Notes may dilute the ownership interests of our stockholders. Upon conversion of the 2029 Notes, the default settlement method is a combination settlement with a specified dollar amount of $1,000 per $1,000 principal amount of notes and shares of our common stock as described in Note 8. Any sales in the public market of our common stock issuable upon such conversion could adversely affect prevailing market prices of our common stock. Also the existence of the 2029 Notes may encourage short selling by market participants because the conversion of the 2029 Notes could be used to satisfy short positions, or anticipated conversion of the 2029 Notes into shares of our common stock could depress the price of our common stock.
Our indebtedness (including the 2029 Notes) could limit the cash flow available for our operations, expose us to risks that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and impair our ability to satisfy our debt obligations, including the 2029 Notes. 
Our indebtedness could have significant negative consequences for our security holders and our business, results of operations and financial condition by, among other things: (i) increasing our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions; (ii) limiting our ability to obtain additional financing; (iii) requiring the dedication of a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to service our indebtedness, which will reduce the amount of cash available for other purposes; (iv) limiting our flexibility to plan for, or react to, changes in our business; and (v) placing us at a possible competitive disadvantage with competitors that are less leveraged than us or have better access to capital. Our business may not generate sufficient funds, and we may otherwise be unable to maintain sufficient cash reserves, to pay amounts due under our indebtedness, including the 2029 Notes, and our cash needs may increase in the future. If we fail to comply with debt covenants or to make payments under our indebtedness when due, then we would be in default under that indebtedness, which could, in turn, result in such indebtedness and our other indebtedness becoming immediately payable in full. 
We may be unable to raise the funds necessary to repurchase the 2029 Notes for cash following a fundamental change, or to pay the cash amounts due upon conversion, and our other indebtedness may limit our ability to repurchase the 2029 Notes or pay cash upon their conversion. 
Noteholders may, subject to a limited exception, require us to repurchase their 2029 Notes following a fundamental change (as defined in the Convertible Note Indenture) at a cash repurchase price generally equal to the principal amount of the 2029 Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the related fundamental change repurchase date. In addition, all conversions of 2029 Notes require the principal amount to be settled in cash. We may not have enough available cash or be able to obtain financing at the time we are required to repurchase the 2029 Notes or pay the cash amounts due upon conversion. In addition, applicable law, regulatory authorities and the agreements governing our other indebtedness may restrict our ability to repurchase the 2029 Notes or pay the cash amounts due upon conversion. Our existing credit facility contains certain limitations on cash payments for the conversion, redemption or repurchase of the 2029 Notes, including compliance with certain leverage ratios on a pro forma basis after giving effect to such cash payments. Our failure to repurchase 2029 Notes or pay the cash amounts due upon conversion when required will constitute a default under the Note Indenture. A default under the Note Indenture or the fundamental change itself could also lead to a default under agreements governing our other indebtedness, which may result in that other indebtedness becoming immediately payable in full. We may not have sufficient funds to satisfy all amounts due under the other indebtedness and the 2029 Notes.
Provisions in the Note Indenture could delay or prevent an otherwise beneficial takeover of us. 
Certain provisions in the 2029 Notes and the Note Indenture could make a third-party attempt to acquire us more difficult or expensive. For example, if a takeover constitutes a fundamental change, then, subject to certain exceptions, noteholders will have the right to require us to repurchase their 2029 Notes for cash. In addition, if a takeover constitutes a make-whole fundamental change, then we may be required to temporarily increase the conversion rate. In either case, and in other cases, our obligations under the 2029 Notes and the Note Indenture could increase the cost of acquiring us or otherwise discourage a third party from acquiring us or removing incumbent management, including in a transaction that noteholders or holders of our common stock may view as favorable.
26

Table of Contents
The accounting method for the 2029 Notes could adversely affect our reported financial condition and results. 
The accounting method for reflecting the 2029 Notes on our balance sheet, accruing interest expense for the 2029 Notes and potential inclusion of underlying shares of our common stock in our reported diluted earnings per share may adversely affect our reported earnings and financial condition. In accordance with applicable accounting standards, the 2029 Notes are reflected as a liability on our balance sheets, with the initial carrying amount equal to the principal amount of the 2029 Notes, net of issuance costs. The issuance costs are treated as a debt discount for accounting purposes, which are being amortized into interest expense over the term of the 2029 Notes. As a result of this amortization, the interest expense that we expect to recognize for the 2029 Notes for accounting purposes will be greater than the cash interest payments we will pay on the 2029 Notes, which will result in lower reported income. In addition, the shares underlying the 2029 Notes will be reflected in our diluted earnings per share using the “if converted” method. Under that method, the underlying equity component of the 2029 Notes will have a net impact on diluted earnings per share when the average price of our common stock exceeds the conversion price of $191.98 because the principal amount of the 2029 Notes will be settled in cash upon conversion,, then we will calculate our diluted earnings per share assuming that all of the 2029 Notes were converted at the beginning of the reporting period and that we issued shares of our common stock to settle the excess. The after-tax interest expense associated with the 2029 Notes will not be added back to the numerator of the diluted earnings per share calculation for these purposes. The application of the if-converted method may reduce our reported diluted earnings per share, and accounting standards may change in the future in a manner that may adversely affect our diluted earnings per share. Furthermore, if any of the conditions to the convertibility of the 2029 Notes is satisfied, then we may be required under applicable accounting standards to reclassify the liability carrying value of the 2029 Notes as a current, rather than a long-term, liability. This reclassification could be required even if no noteholders convert their 2029 Notes and could materially reduce our reported working capital.
Legal and Regulatory Risks
The Support Anti-terrorism by Fostering Effective Technologies Act of 2002 (SAFETY Act) may not shield us against legal claims we may face following an act of terrorism. 
The SAFETY Act provides important legal liability protections for providers of qualified anti-terrorism products and services. Under the SAFETY Act, providers, such as our Security division, may apply to the U.S. Department of Homeland Security for coverage of their products and services. If granted coverage, such providers receive certain legal protections against product liability, professional liability and certain other claims that could arise following an act of terrorism. We have applied to the U.S. Department of Homeland Security for many of the products and services offered by our Security division, but we do not enjoy coverage under the SAFETY Act (or the highest level of coverage) for every product line, model number and service offering that our Security division provides. Also, the terms of the SAFETY Act coverage decisions awarded to us by the U.S. Department of Homeland Security restrict coverage to specific model numbers, software, and options within our product lines, sales to specific customers, and impose various other limitations, and contain conditions and requirements that we may not continue to satisfy in the future. Delays by the U.S. Department of Homeland Security in granting coverage and in our ability to meet the evolving standards of the SAFETY Act application process has and may in the future continue to result in coverage limitations for our products and services. If we fail to maintain SAFETY Act protections for each of our product models, options, offerings, software and services, or fail to apply in a timely way for coverage for new products, models, and services as we acquire or introduce them, or if the U.S. Department of Homeland Security limits the scope of any coverage previously awarded to us, denies us coverage or continued coverage for a particular product, product line, model, option, offering, software feature, or service, or delays in making decisions about whether to grant us coverage, we may become exposed to legal claims that the SAFETY Act was otherwise designed to prevent. Moreover, the SAFETY Act was not designed to shield providers of qualified anti-terrorism products and services from all types of claims that may arise from acts of terrorism, including from many types of claims lodged in courts outside of the United States or acts of terrorism that occur outside of the United States, which exposes us to legal claims and litigation defense costs despite the SAFETY Act awards we have received.
Our patient monitoring, cardiology and remote monitoring, and connected care systems could give rise to product liability claims and product recall events that could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
The development, manufacturing and sale of medical devices expose us to significant risk of product liability claims, product recalls and, sometimes, product failure claims. We face an inherent business risk of financial exposure to product liability claims if the use of our medical devices results in personal injury or death. Substantial product liability litigation currently exists within the medical device industry. Some of our patient monitoring, cardiology and remote monitoring, and connected care products may become subject to product liability claims and/or product recalls. Future product liability claims and/or product recall costs may exceed the limits of our insurance coverages, or such insurance may not continue to be available to us on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. In addition, a significant product liability claim or product recall could significantly damage our reputation for producing safe, reliable and effective products, making it more difficult for us to market and sell our products in the future. Consequently, a product liability claim, product recall or other claim could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
27

Table of Contents
Our global operations expose us to legal compliance risks related to certain anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws. 
We are required to comply with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, which prohibits United States companies from engaging in bribery or making other prohibited payments to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. It also requires us to maintain specific record-keeping standards and adequate internal accounting controls. In addition, we are subject to similar requirements in other countries. Bribery, corruption, and trade laws and regulations, and the enforcement thereof, are increasing in frequency, complexity and severity on a global basis. Although we have internal policies and procedures with the intention of assuring compliance with these laws and regulations, our employees, distributors, resellers and contractors involved in our international sales may take actions in violations of such policies. If our internal controls and compliance program do not adequately prevent or deter our employees, distributors, resellers, contractors and/or other third parties with which we do business from violating anti-bribery, anti-corruption or similar laws and regulations, we may incur severe fines, penalties and reputational damage.
We are subject to import and export controls that could subject us to liability or impair our ability to compete in international markets. 
Due to the international scope of our operations, we are subject to a complex system of import- and export-related laws and regulations, including U.S. export control and customs regulations and customs regulations of other countries. These regulations are complex and vary among the legal jurisdictions in which we operate. Any alleged or actual failure to comply with such regulations may subject us to government scrutiny, investigation, and civil and criminal penalties, and may limit our ability to import or export our products or to provide services outside the United States. Depending on severity, any of these penalties could have a material impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
Our business is subject to complex and evolving U.S. and international laws and regulation regarding privacy and data protection. If we fail to meet our compliance obligations under applicable privacy and data protection regulations, even if such compliance by us is inadvertent, or if we are unable to comply with changes to such requirements, we might be subject to fines, legal disputes, or other liabilities that could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
Regulatory authorities around the world are considering legislative and regulatory proposals concerning data protection, and the interpretation and application of data protection laws in the U.S., the EU, and elsewhere are often uncertain and in flux. These laws may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our data practices. If our data practices are found to be in conflict with privacy and data protection laws or regulations, we could face fines or orders requiring that we change our data practices, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We must comply with extensive federal and state requirements regarding the use, retention, security, and re-disclosure of patient healthcare information. HIPAA and the regulations that have been issued under it contain substantial restrictions and complex requirements with respect to the use and disclosure of certain individually identifiable health information, referred to as “protected health information”. Any failure or perceived failure of our Company or our products to meet HIPAA standards and related regulatory requirements could expose us to certain notification, penalty, and enforcement risks, damage our reputation, and adversely affect demand for our products and force us to expend significant capital and other resources to address the privacy and security requirements of HIPAA.
In addition, there are other federal laws that include specific privacy and security obligations for certain types of health information and impose additional sanctions and penalties. All 50 states, the District of Columbia, Guam, Puerto Rico, and the Virgin Islands have enacted legislation requiring notice to individuals of security breaches involving protected health information, which is not uniformly defined among the breach notification laws. Organizations must review each state’s definitions, mandates, and notification requirements and timelines to appropriately prepare and notify affected individuals and government agencies, including the attorney general, in compliance with such state laws. Further, most states have enacted patient confidentiality laws that protect against the disclosure of confidential medical information, and many states have adopted or are considering adopting further legislation in this area. These state laws may be more stringent than HIPAA requirements. California passed the California Consumer Privacy Act which came into effect January 1, 2020 and was amended and expanded by the California Privacy Rights Act, or CPRA, which came into effect on January 1, 2023, which imposes significant changes in data privacy regulation, and New York has passed the Stop Hacks and Improve Electronic Data Security Act, which expands the state’s existing privacy laws. GDPR, a regulation implemented in the EU on data protection and privacy for all individuals in the EU and the EEA, applies to all enterprises, regardless of location, that are doing business in the EU or that collect and analyze data tied to EU and EEA residents. GDPR creates a range of compliance obligations, including stringent technical and security controls surrounding the storage, use, and disclosure of personal information, and significantly increases financial penalties for noncompliance.
28

Table of Contents
We are facing an increasingly complex international regulatory environment which is constantly changing and if we fail to comply with international regulatory requirements, or are unable to comply with changes to such requirements, our financial performance may be harmed. 
Our international operations and sales subject us to an international regulatory environment which is becoming increasingly complex and is constantly changing due to factors beyond our control. Risks associated with our international operations and sales include, without limitation, those arising from differing: (i) legal and court systems and changes to such systems; (ii) labor laws and changes in those laws; (iii) tax laws and changes in those laws; (iv) environmental laws and changes in those laws; (v) laws governing our distributors and sales agents and changes in those laws; (vi) protection of intellectual property and changes in that protection; and (vii) differing import and export requirements and changes to those requirements. If we fail to comply with applicable international regulatory requirements our financial performance may be harmed.
Substantial government regulation in the United States and abroad may restrict our ability to sell our patient monitoring, cardiology and remote monitoring, and connected care systems, and failure to comply with such laws and regulations may have a material adverse impact on our business. 
The FDA and comparable regulatory authorities in foreign countries extensively and rigorously regulate our patient monitoring, cardiology and remote monitoring, and connected care systems, including the research and development, design, testing, clinical trials, manufacturing, clearance or approval, safety and efficacy, labeling, advertising, promotion, pricing, recordkeeping, reporting, import and export, post-approval studies and sale and distribution of these products. In the United States, before we can market a new medical device, or a new use of, new claim for, or significant modification to, an existing product, we must first receive clearance under Section 510(k) of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act as discussed under Part I, Item 1, “Business - Regulation of Medical Devices.” Some modifications made to products cleared through a 510(k) may require a new 510(k). The FDA can delay, limit or deny clearance or approval of a device for many reasons.
Our future products may not obtain FDA clearance on a timely basis, or at all. Further, the FDA makes periodic inspections of medical device manufacturers and in connection with such inspections issues observations when the FDA believes the manufacturer has failed to comply with applicable regulations. If FDA observations are not addressed to the FDA’s satisfaction, the FDA may issue a warning letter or proceed directly to other forms of enforcement action, which could include the shutdown of our production facilities, adverse publicity, and civil and criminal penalties. The expense and costs of any corrective actions that we may take, which may include product recalls, correction and removal of products from customer sites and/or changes to our product manufacturing and quality systems, could adversely impact our financial results. Issuance of a warning letter may also lead customers to delay purchasing decisions or cancel orders.
Our patient monitoring, cardiology and remote monitoring, and connected care systems must also comply with the laws and regulations of foreign countries in which we develop, manufacture and market such products. In general, the extent and complexity of medical device regulation is increasing worldwide. This trend is likely to continue, and the cost and time required to obtain marketing clearance in any given country may increase as a result. Our products may not obtain any necessary foreign clearances on a timely basis, or at all. Once any of our patient monitoring, cardiology and remote monitoring, or connected care systems is cleared for sale, regulatory authorities may still limit the use of such product, prevent its sale or manufacture or require a recall or withdrawal of such product from the marketplace. Following initial clearance from regulatory authorities, we continue to be subject to extensive regulatory requirements. Government authorities can withdraw marketing clearance or impose sanctions due to our failure to comply with regulatory standards or due to the occurrence of unforeseen problems following initial clearance. Ongoing regulatory requirements are wide-ranging and govern, among other things: (i) annual inspections to retain a CE mark for sale of products in the EU; (ii) product manufacturing; (iii) patient health data protection and medical device security; (iv) supplier substitution; (v) product changes; (vi) process modifications; (vii) medical device reporting; and (viii) product sales and distribution.
Legislative or regulatory reforms such as the EU Medical Devices Regulation may make it more difficult and costly for us to obtain certification, regulatory clearance, or approval of any future products and to manufacture, market, and distribute our products after certification, clearance, or approval is obtained. 
The EU MDR introduced substantial changes to the obligations with which medical device manufacturers must comply in the EEA. High - risk medical devices are subject to additional scrutiny during the conformity assessment procedure. The EU MDR is directly applicable, without the need for adoption by EEA country laws implementing them, in all EEA countries and intended to eliminate current differences in regulation of medical devices among EEA countries. The EU MDR, among other things, is intended to establish a uniform, transparent, predictable and sustainable regulatory framework across the EEA for medical devices to ensure a high level of safety and health while supporting innovation. The EU MDR imposes a number of new requirements on manufacturers of medical devices and imposes increased compliance obligations for us to access the EEA market. Our failure to comply with applicable foreign regulatory requirements, including those administered by authorities of the EEA countries, could result in enforcement actions against us and impair our ability to market products in the EEA in the future. Any changes to the membership of the EU, such as the departure of the United Kingdom under Brexit, may impact the regulatory requirements for 
29

Table of Contents
impacted countries and impair our business operations and our ability to market products in such countries. For further discussion of the EU MDR, see Part I, Item 1, “Business - Regulation of Medical Devices.”
We may be subject to fines, penalties, injunctions, or other enforcement actions if we are determined to be promoting the use of our products for unapproved or “off label” uses, resulting in damage to our reputation and business. 
Our promotional materials and training methods must comply with FDA and other applicable laws and regulations, including the prohibition of the promotion of a medical device for a use that has not been cleared or approved by the FDA known as “off label” use. If the FDA determines that our promotional materials or training constitutes promotion of an off label use, it could request that we modify our training or promotional materials or subject us to regulatory or enforcement actions, including the issuance of warning letters, untitled letters, fines, penalties, consent decrees, injunctions, or seizures, which could have an adverse impact on our reputation and financial results. We could also be subject to enforcement action under other federal or state laws, including the False Claims Act.
Our failure to comply with federal, state, and foreign laws and regulations relating to our healthcare business could have a material and adverse effect on our business. 
Although we do not provide healthcare services, submit claims for third-party reimbursement or receive payments directly from Medicare, Medicaid or other third-party payers for our products, we are subject to healthcare fraud and abuse regulation and enforcement by federal and state governments. Healthcare fraud and abuse and health information privacy and security laws potentially applicable to our operations are discussed in Part I, Item 1, “Business – Regulation of Medical Devices.” The risk of our being found in violation of these laws and regulations is increased because many of them have not been fully interpreted by the regulatory authorities or the courts, and their provisions are open to a variety of interpretations. Moreover, health care reform legislation has strengthened these laws. For example, the Affordable Care Act, among other things, amended the intent requirement of the federal Anti Kickback Statute and criminal health care fraud statutes; a person or entity no longer needs to have actual knowledge of these statutes or specific intent to violate them to have committed a violation. In addition, the Affordable Care Act provided that the government may assert that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the False Claims Act.
Because of the breadth of these laws and the narrowness of the statutory exceptions and safe harbors available under such laws, it is possible that some of our business activities could be subject to challenge under one or more of such laws. Any action against us for violation of these laws could cause us to incur significant legal expenses and divert our management’s attention from the operation of our business. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of the laws described above or any other governmental regulations that apply to us, we may be subject to penalties, including civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines, exclusion from governmental health care programs, disgorgement, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, any of which could impair our ability to operate our business, financial condition and our financial results.
Evolving expectations around corporate responsibility practices, specifically related to environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) matters, may expose us to reputational and other risks. 
Stockholders, customers, suppliers and other third parties are increasingly focusing on ESG and corporate social responsibility endeavors and reporting. Certain institutional investors, investment funds, and other influential investors are also increasingly focused on ESG practices. Companies that do not adapt to or comply with evolving stakeholder expectations and standards, or which are perceived to have not responded appropriately, may suffer from reputational damage and may suffer a material adverse effect on its business or financial condition or stock price. Further, increased focus on ESG issues may result in new regulations or third-party requirements that could materially and adversely impact our business or result in certain stockholders reducing or eliminating their holdings of our common stock.
General Risks
Significant inflation and increasing interest rates could materially and adversely affect our business and financial results. 
The current inflation rate could materially and adversely affect us by increasing our operating costs, including our materials, freight, and labor costs. In a highly inflationary environment, we may be unable to raise the sales prices of our products to match the rate of inflation or our increasing operating costs, which could reduce our profit margins and have a material and adverse effect on our financial performance. Further, pressures from inflation could negatively impact the willingness and ability of our customers to purchase our products in the same volumes as have been purchased in the past or are currently being purchased. As interest rates rise to address inflation or otherwise, such increases will impact the base rates applicable in our credit arrangements and will result in borrowed funds becoming more expensive to us over time. These financing pressures also can have a negative impact on customers’ willingness to purchase our products in the same volumes as previously purchased. We also use forward contracts which are intended to mitigate the impact of certain foreign currency exposures. These forward contracts may not completely offset foreign currency gains and losses. 
30

Table of Contents
Our insurance coverage may be inadequate to cover all significant risk exposures. 
We maintain insurance for certain risks, and we believe our insurance coverage is consistent with general practices within our industry. However, the amount of our insurance coverage may not cover all claims or liabilities and we may be forced to bear substantial costs. Consistent with market conditions in the insurance industry, premiums and deductibles for some of our insurance policies have been increasing and may continue to increase in the future. In some instances, some types of insurance may become available only for reduced amounts of coverage, if at all. In addition, there can be no assurance that our insurers would not challenge coverage for certain claims. If we were to incur a significant liability for which we were not fully insured or that our insurers disputed, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
We are involved in various litigation matters, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating results. 
Litigation can be lengthy, expensive and disruptive to our operations, and can divert our management’s attention away from the running of our business. Claims arising out of actual or alleged violations of law could be asserted against us by individuals, either individually or through class actions, or by governmental entities in investigations and proceedings. If we are unsuccessful in our defense in litigation matters, or any other legal proceeding, we may be forced to pay damages or fines, some of which may be in excess of our insurance coverage, and/or change our business practices, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. For more information about our litigation matters, see “Legal Proceedings” and Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements.
​
ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS
None.
​
ITEM 1C. CYBERSECURITY
​
Risk Management and Strategy
We maintain high standards with respect to cybersecurity and our cybersecurity risk management program is 
integrated
 into our enterprise risk management framework, overseen by our Information Security Officer (“ISO”), meaning that cyber-risks are identified, evaluated, and managed with the same rigor as other strategic, operational, and financial risks. We have adopted the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Cybersecurity Framework principles as a guide for our security controls and processes, helping us structure our activities around identifying potential threats, protecting systems, detecting incidents, responding to events, and recovering operations. 
We engage independent third-party cybersecurity auditors and testers
 annually to review our Information Security Management (ISMS) and renew our ISO/IEC 27001 certification. Key elements of our program include:
●
Preventive Controls and Monitoring
: We employ multiple layers of technical controls (firewalls, intrusion detection systems, encryption, and multi-factor authentication) to proactively monitor IT controls to ensure compliance with security policies, legal regulations, contractual obligations and industry best practices. Our Global Security Operations Center operates 24/7 with real-time monitoring capabilities to rapidly investigate alerts and trigger containment measures, which helps us minimize exposure or damage if a cybersecurity incident occurs. 
●
Vulnerability Management and Testing
: We conduct regular vulnerability assessments and annual external penetration testing of our systems and applications to probe for weaknesses. We also perform periodic exercises simulating cybersecurity incidents to test our defenses and response procedures. Findings from these tests are used to strengthen our security posture on an ongoing basis. 
●
Incident Response Planning
: We maintain a cybersecurity incident response plan that defines procedures for addressing security events. This plan is updated and tested regularly (including through tabletop drills and simulated breach exercises) so that our teams remain practiced in incident handling. In the event of an incident, our aim is to respond swiftly to contain the issue, notify appropriate stakeholders, investigate the root cause, and recover normal operations as soon as practicable. 
●
Third-Party Risk Management
: 
We carefully manage cybersecurity risks arising from our use of third-party software, cloud services, and suppliers.
 We perform due diligence and security risk assessments on critical third-party service providers, both at onboarding and periodically during the relationship. Our procurement and legal teams work together to incorporate robust cybersecurity requirements into contracts with vendors (for example, data protection standards and incident notification obligations). Where appropriate, we require suppliers to adhere to our security policies or industry standards, and we conduct 
31

Table of Contents
ongoing monitoring or audits of their security controls. These steps help reduce the risk that a weakness in a partner’s systems could compromise our data or operations. 
●
Employee Training and Awareness
: A strong security culture among our employees is one of our best defenses in relation to cybersecurity events. Our employees are required to complete annual cybersecurity and data protection awareness training. This training educates personnel on topics like phishing prevention, safe computing practices, and how to report potential security issues. We supplement formal training with periodic phishing email simulations and security reminders. 
Through a combination of these technical, procedural, and educational measures, our program is designed to detect and respond to cybersecurity threats effectively and thereby safeguard our business operations and sensitive information.
Cybersecurity threats are endemic to the modern business environment, and attempts to penetrate our network security are frequent and on-going. However, to date, 
no cybersecurity threats (including incidents) have resulted in a material impact on our business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition
. Despite our efforts to identify and respond to cybersecurity threats, we cannot eliminate all risks from cybersecurity threats or provide assurances that we have not experienced an undetected cybersecurity incident, that we will not experience a cybersecurity incident in the future, or that a past cybersecurity incident will not result in a future material impact. For additional information on cybersecurity related risks, see “