ITEM 1.
BUSINESS
Our Company
Mercury Systems is a technology company that delivers mission-critical processing to the edge - where signals and data are collected - to solve the most pressing aerospace and defense challenges. Mercury’s products and solutions are deployed in more than 300 programs and across 35 countries. The Company is headquartered in Andover, Massachusetts, and has over 20 locations worldwide.
The Mercury Processing Platform is the unique advantage we provide to our customers. It comprises the innovative technologies we’ve developed and acquired for more than 40 years that bring integrated, mission-critical processing to the edge. Our processing platform spans the full breadth of signal processing—from radio frequency (“RF”) front end to the human-machine interface—to rapidly convert meaningful data, gathered in the most remote and hostile environments, into critical decisions. It allows us to offer standard products and custom solutions from silicon to system scale, including components, modules, subsystems, and systems and it embodies the customer-centric approach we take to delivering capabilities that are mission-ready, trusted and secure, software-defined, and open and modular.
As a leading manufacturer of essential components, products, modules and subsystems, we sell to the top U.S. and European defense prime contractors, the U.S. government and original equipment manufacturers (“OEM”) commercial aerospace companies. Our mission-critical products and solutions are deployed by our customers for a variety of applications including sensor and radar processing, electronic warfare, avionics, weapons, and command, control, communications, and intelligence (“C4I”). Mercury has built a trusted, robust portfolio of proven capabilities, leveraging the most advanced commercial silicon technologies and purpose-built to exceed the performance needs of our defense and commercial customers. Customers add their own applications and algorithms to our specialized, secure, and innovative products and pre-integrated solutions. This allows them to complete their full system by integrating with their platform, the sensor technology and, increasingly, the processing from Mercury.
Our deep, long-standing relationships with leading high-tech and other commercial companies, coupled with our targeted research and development (“R&D”) investments and industry-leading trusted and secure design and manufacturing capabilities, are the foundational tenets of this highly successful model. We are leading the development and adaptation of commercial technology for aerospace and defense solutions. From chip-scale to system scale and from data, including RF to digital to decision, we make mission-critical technologies safe, secure, affordable and relevant for our customers. 
 Our capabilities, technology, people and R&D investment strategy combine to differentiate Mercury in our industry. We maintain our technological edge by investing in critical capabilities and intellectual property (“IP” or “building blocks”) in processing, leveraging open standards and open architectures to adapt quickly those building blocks into solutions for highly data-intensive applications, including emerging needs in areas such as artificial intelligence (“AI”).
Our consolidated revenues, net loss, diluted loss per share, adjusted earnings per share, and adjusted EBITDA for fiscal 2025 were $912.0 million, $(37.9) million, $(0.65), $0.64 and $119.4 million, respectively. Our consolidated revenues, net loss, diluted loss per share, adjusted loss per share, and adjusted EBITDA for fiscal 2024 were $835.3 million, $(137.6) million, $(2.38), $(0.69) and $9.4 million, respectively. See the Non-GAAP Financial Measures section of this annual report for a reconciliation of our adjusted EPS and adjusted EBITDA to the most directly comparable GAAP measures.
3
Table of Contents
Our Business Strategy
Mercury’s business strategy is based on a differentiated market position: we make trusted, secure, mission critical technologies profoundly more accessible to the aerospace and defense industry. The Mercury Processing Platform serves customers with cutting-edge commercial technology innovations, purpose built and mission-ready for aerospace and defense applications. We have two models within the business: a product model and a solutions model, which have different approaches for innovation and go-to-market. In our product businesses, we invest in internal R&D to develop new capabilities that can be leveraged by multiple customers and support a wide variety of mission areas and applications. In our solutions business, we engage with customers to develop capabilities that meet exacting mission requirements and retire risk in a development phase before entering a production phase that can last many years and include numerous technological evolutions. Our businesses are complementary and synergistic, as they are organized within a single integrated operating unit, leverage common human and capital resources, and share IP to accelerate innovation across our offerings. 
Our structure is aligned and optimized to execute against these different business models. In 2024, we reorganized to streamline and simplify operations, consolidating two divisions into a single integrated structure that unified all lines of business and matrixed business functions. Our U.S.-based businesses are aligned into two product-oriented business units – Signal Technologies and Processing Technologies –and a third business unit focused on more comprehensive solutions – Integrated Processing Solutions. A fourth business unit is dedicated to bringing our advanced edge processing capabilities to the international market, with facilities in the U.K., Spain, and Switzerland. Our Engineering, Operations, and Mission Assurance organizations are also centralized to drive performance excellence. Our Advanced Concepts Group, combined with our integrated Growth organization and the office of the Chief Technology Officer are focused on innovation and ensuring that our Processing Platform continues to solve our customer's most challenging processing requirements into the future.
We are focused on delivering industry-leading organic growth, adjusted EBITDA margins, and cash flow through the execution of our strategy to innovate and advance our processing platform, expand our content across A&D platforms, and deliver uncompromising performance for all of our stakeholders. Our ability to continue to improve our performance and deliver results demands we all align around the few actions that unlock the intrinsic value in our business. As such, our focus is on four areas that unlock our capacity to create value and reinvest for growth:
1.
Performance Excellence –
 Ramp critical production programs aligned with our value creation model, deliver key development programs and product innovations, and mature our management systems and processes.
2.
Thriving Growth Engine –
 Create a growth engine that is consistently bidding and winning new contracts to drive industry leading organic growth at target margins.
3.
Margin Expansion – 
Drive comprehensive cost management efforts corporate-wide including improvement in gross margins across all programs and products.
4.
Cash Release – 
Enhance our cash flow conversion, including improvements in delivery and collection.
Our Solutions and Products
We believe we have built the most trusted, proven, contemporary portfolio of solutions and sub-systems that are purpose-built to meet or exceed our customers’ most pressing processing needs. The Mercury Processing Platform now has an end-to-end suite of mission-critical processing technologies, comprising:
Signal:
 Microwave and mixed-signal technology for analog and digital signal processing, including frequency conversion, signal conditioning/routing, digitization, and low-latency FPGA processing. 
Compute:
 State-of-the-art digital data processing to ensure decision advantage, ranging from general purpose to tailored coprocessors, with high-performance CPU and GPU architectures. 
Data Management:
 Data and video recording, storage, and encryption to mitigate cyber vulnerability; connectivity and communications control to securely and efficiently share mission data. 
Display:
 Products and technologies that integrate the human and machine to speed decision-making for mission execution.
Secure:
 Security engineering to ensure system wide integrity and protect Critical Program Information, IP and sensitive data–including securing boot, key management, attack countermeasures and memory management.
We deliver technology at the intersection of the high-tech and defense industries, underpinned by key differentiators that set us apart in the market: Mission-Ready; Trusted and Secure; Software-Defined; and Open and Modular.
•
Mission-Ready: 
Fit for purpose to meet the demanding needs of our customers’ missions. Advanced thermal management and rugged packaging technology ensures optimal performance and reliable operation in the most challenging environments on Earth and beyond. We deliver extended reliability and dependability through thermal management, component selection, environmental protection and testing.  
4
Table of Contents
•
Trusted and Secure
: A trusted supply chain, with products designed and manufactured onshore. Advanced cryptography, secure boot and physical protection technologies like our BuiltSECURE technology can mitigate reverse engineering, deliver cyber resiliency and safeguard confidential data and IP against adversarial threats, even when a system has been compromised. We also design safety-certifiable BuiltSAFE processing systems up to the highest design assurance levels.
•
Software-Defined
: Software enabled hardware for future proofing, rapid scaling, ease of maintenance and affordability. Flexible hardware architectures that are reconfigurable and upgradeable with software to extend the life of our systems and the platforms they are deployed on. Our model-based systems engineering (“MBSE”) design approach aims to significantly decrease the time and cost involved in developing and deploying military and aerospace platforms.
•
Open and Modular
: “Plug and play”, upgradeable and scalable. A modular, open, systems architecture (“MOSA”) approach to system design maximizes technology reuse to dramatically reduce development time and cost. This open systems approach mitigates obsolescence risk while emphasizing commonality, interoperability and sustainability across platforms and domains. 
The Mercury Processing Platform is designed to meet the full range of requirements in compute-intensive, signal processing, image processing and command and control applications. To maintain a competitive advantage, we seek to leverage technology investments across multiple lines of business. Examples of hardware products include small, custom microelectronics, embedded sensor processing subsystems, RF and microwave components, modules and subsystems, rugged servers and avionics mission computers.
Our products are typically compute-intensive and require extremely high bandwidth and high throughput. These systems often must also meet significant size, weight and power (“SWaP”) constraints for use in aircraft, unmanned aerial vehicles (“UAVs”), ships and other platforms and be ruggedized for use in harsh environments. They are primarily used in both commercial aerospace applications, such as communications and ground radar air traffic control, as well as advanced defense and intelligence applications, including space-time adaptive processing, synthetic aperture radar, airborne early warning, command, control, communication and information systems, mission planning, image intelligence and signal intelligence systems. Our products transform the massive streams of digital data created in these applications into usable information in real time. The systems can scale from a few processors to thousands of processors.
We group our products into the following categories:
•
Components
. Components represent the basic building blocks of an electronic system. They generally perform a single function such as switching, storing or converting electronic signals. Some examples include power amplifiers and limiters, switches, oscillators, filters, equalizers, digital and analog converters, chips, MMICs (monolithic microwave integrated circuits) and memory and storage devices.
•
Modules and Subassemblies
. Modules and sub-assemblies combine multiple components to serve a range of complex functions, including processing, networking and graphics display. Typically delivered as computer boards or other packaging, modules and sub-assemblies are usually designed using open standards to provide interoperability when integrated in a subsystem. Examples of modules and sub-assemblies include embedded processing boards, switched fabrics and boards for high-speed input/output, digital receivers, graphics and video, along with multi-chip modules. Additional examples include integrated radio frequency and microwave multi-function assemblies and radio frequency tuners and transceivers.
•
Integrated Solutions
. Integrated solutions bring components, modules and/or sub-assemblies into one system, enabled with software. Subsystems are typically, but not always, integrated within an open standards-based chassis and often feature interconnect technologies to enable communication between disparate systems. Spares and replacement modules and sub-assemblies are provided for use with subsystems sold by us. Our subsystems are deployed in sensor processing, aviation and mission computing and C4I applications.
By providing pre-integrated subsystems to our customers, we enable them to rapidly and cost-effectively port and adapt their applications to changing threats. This approach also saves our customers valuable time and expense, as their initial costs to integrate modules and components typically far exceed the costs of the individual product procurement. This benefit continues over time because we are continually investing R&D into our products. This allows us to provide our customers the latest technologies in our pre-integrated subsystems faster than they can typically do it themselves. We believe this is a better business and technology model to operate within, as it continues to provide value and benefits to us and our customers over time.
We engage with global tech leaders to align technology roadmaps and deliver cutting-edge computing in scalable, field-deployable form factors that are fully configurable to each unique workload. We use the latest Altera® server-class processing products, AMD Field Programmable Gate Arrays (“FPGA”), as well as NVIDIA GPU products in our embedded high-performance processing technologies. While this multi-computing and embedded processing technology is one of our core capabilities, the SWaP constraints inherent in high-performance embedded processing applications create unique challenges. For example, to address customer needs for faster signal conversion in radar, communications, electronic warfare, signals 
5
Table of Contents
intelligence, and industrial applications, in the past year we introduced several products powered by Altera's most advanced Agilex 9 Direct RF FPGA chips that allow radio frequency signals to be directly digitized at the antenna, eliminating the analog signal down conversion stages required by legacy hardware.
Embedded systems security has become a requirement for new and emerging military programs and our security solutions are a critical differentiator from our traditional competition. These security solutions, combined with our next-generation secure Intel® server-class product line, together with increasingly frequent mandates from the government to secure electronic systems for domestic and foreign military sales, position us well to capitalize on U.S. Department of Defense (“DoD”) program protection security requirements. Finally, our built-in security framework creates higher product differentiation, and drives greater program velocity, while lowering risk.
Open Standards Support
Mercury has a long history of driving modular open systems architectures and has remained committed to creating, advancing and adopting open standards for all our products, from our smallest components and connectors to our largest, high-performance, integrated multi-computer systems. With over forty years of technology leadership within the high-performance embedded computing industry, we have pioneered or contributed to the development of many of the defense industry’s current and emerging open standards, including standards such as RACEway, RapidIO, VXS, VPX, REDI and notably OpenVPX. These open standards allow system integrators to benefit from the interoperability of modules produced by multiple vendors. We also continue to be influential in the industry-standards organizations associated with our market segments. As a member of the VMEbus International Trade Association (“VITA”), the Sensor Open Systems Architecture (“SOSA”) initiative, the Future Airborne Capability Environment (“FACE”) consortium and the Vehicular Integration for C4ISR/EW Interoperability (“VICTORY”) consortium, among other standards bodies, Mercury is helping to guide the aerospace and defense industry toward greater openness and vendor interoperability, consistent with the DoD’s focus on using MOSA in major programs.
Our software is based on open standards and includes heterogeneous processor support with extensive highly-optimized math libraries, multi-computing switch fabric support, net-centric and system management enabling services, extended operating system services, board support packages and development tools. This software platform delivers on the performance required for highly tuned real-time operation with the flexibility of open standards that are an essential ingredient of technology insertion and software life-cycle support.
As the U.S. government mandates more outsourcing and open standards, a major shift is occurring within the defense prime contractor community towards procurement of integrated subsystems that enable quick application-level porting through standards-based methodologies. We believe that our core expertise in this area is well aligned to capitalize on this trend. By leveraging our open architecture and high-performance modular product set, we provide defense prime contractors with rapid deployment and quick reaction capabilities through our professional services and systems integration offerings. This results in less risk for the defense prime contractors, shortened development cycles, quicker solution deployment and reduced life-cycle costs.
Commitment to Deliver Uncompromised
For Mercury, this means ensuring our products and solutions have not been and cannot be tampered with, and that what we deliver to our customers is not compromised at any point during the development lifecycle, from procurement to manufacturing. Our holistic approach to deliver uncompromised includes:
•
vigorously mitigating potential insider threats;
•
proactively protecting our IT infrastructure with strong cybersecurity defenses;
•
effectively managing and assessing our suppliers’ controls; and
•
judiciously controlling design information through the entire development process.
We are investing in digital transformation, insider trust, cybersecurity, supply chain management and trusted microelectronics, all integral to our commitment to being a leader in delivering uncompromised solutions to our customers.
Market Opportunity
Mercury serves a large and growing global defense technology market with strong tailwinds from the current defense super-cycle and secular growth targets. We are focused on the Tier 2 and Tier 3 defense technology market, which continues to grow at a faster rate than the expected increase in total U.S. defense spending.
The primary demand drivers for our unique capabilities include: an increased commitment to defense spending by U.S. allies in light of the dynamic threat environment in Europe and Asia; ongoing modernization of legacy defense platforms to maintain relevance in the current near-peer threat environment; increasing electronification of next-generation defense systems, where electronics are driving capability enhancements on next-gen programs; outsourcing and delayering from the government and prime customers seeking to access innovation from smaller players like Mercury; and a focus on open systems, which allow 
6
Table of Contents
customers to upgrade capabilities more rapidly and efficiently and better leverage advances in commercial technology such as AI-powered processing.
The market can be segmented into verticals aligned with mission capabilities, and a value chain that consists of prime integrators that contract directly with the government and deliver large scale platforms. Supporting the primes is a multi-tiered supplier base that delivers components and modules through standalone subsystems and integrated subsystems. Mercury spans several levels of this supply chain, typically working directly with the government or primes in our program business, while selling our products into third- and fourth-tier suppliers. Because of the broad demand for high-performance processing at the edge across defense missions, we operate in a number of the larger, faster growing parts of the market, from C4I to sensor processing, and spanning all operational domains—air, land, sea, space, and cyber.
The breadth and depth of our Processing Platform enables us to play vertically from components, or chip-scale, all the way to integrated processing solutions,

in all of these markets. This ability to grow horizontally and vertically within this broad market provides a number of vectors for growth, evidenced by our recent significant design wins and bookings in our record backlog. We are well positioned on a number of significant and enduring defense programs, with a diverse portfolio of contracts with blue-chip customers, a large installed base, and the sole source for many unique capabilities. In some cases, we are a directed source to the primes by the U.S. government, reflecting the differentiation of our processing platform.
Our market opportunity is defined by the growing demand for domestically designed, sourced and manufactured electronics for critical aerospace, defense and intelligence applications. Our primary market positioning is centered on making commercially available technologies profoundly more accessible to the aerospace and defense sector, specifically as it relates to C4I systems, sensors and EW; and commercial markets, which include aerospace communications and other computing applications. We believe we are well-positioned in growing sustainable market segments of the aerospace and defense sector that rely on advanced technologies to improve warfighter capability and provide enhanced force protection capabilities. The acquisitions of the carve-out business from Microsemi Corporation, Delta Microwave LLC, Syntonic Microwave LLC, Pentek Technologies LLC, and Atlanta Micro, Inc., further improved our ability to compete successfully in these market segments by allowing us to offer an even more comprehensive set of closely related capabilities. The CES Creative Electronic Systems, S.A., Richland Technologies, LLC, GECO Avionics LLC, American Panel Corporation, Physical Optics Corporation, and Avalex Technologies LLC acquisitions provided us new capabilities that substantially expanded our addressable market into defense platform management, mission computing and commercial aerospace markets that are aligned to our existing market focus. The additions of Themis and Germane provided us with new capabilities and positioned us with a significant footprint within the rugged server business. Our organic investments as well as the acquisitions of LIT, the Microsemi Carve-Out Business, Athena, and Star Lab added to our portfolio of embedded security products that can be leveraged across our business.
We believe there are a number of evolving trends that are reshaping our target markets and accordingly provide us with attractive growth opportunities. These trends include:
•
The aerospace and defense electronics market is expected to grow in 2025 and beyond. 
According to Renaissance Strategic Advisors (“RSA”), as of May 2025, the global aerospace and defense electronics market is estimated to be $157 billion in 2025, growing to $197 billion by 2029. Within this global market, RSA estimates that the total Tier 2 defense electronics market, which Mercury participates in, was approximately $51 billion in 2025, and will grow to $66 billion in 2029. The aerospace and defense electronics marketplace consists of two primary subsegments: (i) C4I and (ii) sensor and effector mission systems. C4I encompasses platform and mission management, which include avionics and vetronics, C2I, which includes command and control and intelligence, and dedicated communications processing. Sensor and effector mission systems are primarily different types of sensor modalities such as EW, radar, EO/IR and acoustics as well as weapons systems such as missiles and munitions. Within the global Tier 2 C4I market in which we participate, RSA estimated the market for 2025 to be $7.9 billion for platform and mission management, $10.4 billion for C2I and $10.9 billion for dedicated communications. RSA estimates the compound annual growth rate (“CAGR”) from 2025-2029 for these markets to be 6.6% for platform and mission management, 6.1% for C2I and 7.0% for dedicated communications. Within the global Tier 2 sensor and effector mission systems market in which we participate, RSA estimated the market for 2025 to be $6.5 billion for EW, $7.0 billion for radar, $2.9 billion for EO/IR, $1.5 billion for acoustics and $4.1 billion for weapons systems. RSA estimates the 2025-2029 CAGR for these markets to be 6.2% for EW, 6.9% for radar, 6.0% for EO/IR, 7.0% for acoustics and 6.6% for weapons systems. Within the context of the overall U.S. defense budget and spending for defense electronics specifically, we believe the C4ISR, EW, guided missiles and precision munitions and ballistic missile defense market segments have a high priority for future DoD spending. We continue to build on our strengths in the design and development of performance optimized electronic subsystems for these markets, and often team with multiple defense prime contractors as they bid for projects, thereby increasing our chance of a successful outcome. We expect to return to our above industry-average growth.
•
The rapidly expanding demand for tactical ISR is leading to significant growth in sensor data being generated, leading to even greater demand for the capability of our products to securely store and process data onboard platforms
. An 
7
Table of Contents
increase in the prevalence and resolution of ISR is generating significant growth in the associated data that needs to be stored and turned into information for the warfighter in a timely manner. In addition, several factors are driving the defense and intelligence industries to demand greater capability to collect, store and process data onboard the aircraft, UAVs, ships and other vehicles, which we refer to collectively as platforms. These factors include the limited communications bandwidth of existing platforms, the need for platforms that can operate more autonomously and possibly in denied communications environments, the need for platforms with increased persistence to enable them to remain in or fly above the battlefield for extended periods and the need for greater onboard processing capabilities. In addition, the advent of sophisticated AI algorithms is beginning to revolutionize the ability of sensor processing systems to intelligently and efficiently process and act upon these large data sets. Standard computing architectures and computing platforms currently do not offer the level of performance needed to optimize existing AI algorithms, creating an additional opportunity for advanced processing capabilities onboard the platform.
•
Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, rising tensions in the Asia-Pacific and continued threats from rogue states and violent extremists are contributing to the most challenging global threat environment since the Cold War. 
This will likely result in a sea change in defense spending domestically and internationally. Our advisors estimate that U.S. growth, combined with increases in NATO defense budgets, could drive up to $1.5 trillion of additional spending over the next decade. We believe that this could lead to higher bookings for Mercury in the electronic systems associated with missiles, munitions and missile defense systems, unmanned systems, fixed wing and rotorcraft, ground vehicles and EW.

•
A greater percentage of the value associated with future defense platforms will be driven by electronic systems content, and upgrades to existing platforms will focus on sensors, signal processing, sensor algorithms, multi-intelligence fusion and exploitation and computing and communications capability – all areas where Mercury participates. 
These trends remain favorable in our view and the demand environment is improving due to urgent needs for warfighting capability at a more rapid pace than traditional defense prime contractors can easily react to, as demonstrated by our history of design wins. We believe that our addressable market continues to increase, driven in large part by our strategic move into mission systems and potential to deliver innovative processing solutions at chip scale, and that primes will increasingly seek out our high-performance, cost-effective open architecture products.
•
Defense procurement reform is causing the defense prime contractors to outsource more work to commercial companies and we believe that prime contractor outsourcing is our largest secular growth opportunity
. RSA estimates that in 2025 the U.S. defense Tier 2 embedded computing and RF market addressable by suppliers such as Mercury was approximately $25 billion. RSA estimates that the U.S. defense prime contractors currently outsource only a small percentage of their work. The U.S. government is intensely focused on making systems more affordable and shortening their development time. In addition, the U.S. government is challenging defense prime contractors to leverage commercial technology wherever possible. This trend, along with a scarcity of technical and engineering talent in the market, is causing defense prime contractors to outsource to companies like Mercury, which we believe is our largest secular growth opportunity. As a merchant supplier of commercial technologies to the defense industry, we believe our products and subsystem solutions are often more affordable than solutions with the same functionality developed by a defense prime contractor. In addition, we believe our size, scale and stability in addition to the investments we have made in our domestic manufacturing capabilities and infrastructure, make us a more reliable and attractive outsourcing partner for our customers relative to smaller sub-scale providers. These factors are providing incentives for defense prime contractors to outsource more work to subcontractors with significant expertise and cost-effective technology capabilities and solutions, and we have transformed our business model over the last several years to address these long-term outsourcing trends and other needs.
•
DoD security and program protection requirements are creating new opportunities for domestic sourcing and our advanced secure processing capabilities
. The U.S. government is focused on ensuring that the U.S. military protects its defense electronic systems and the information held within them from nefarious activities such as tampering, reverse engineering and other forms of advanced attacks, including cyber. The requirement to add security comes at a time when the commercial technology world continues to offshore more of the design, development, manufacturing and support of such capabilities, making it more difficult to protect against embedded vulnerabilities, tampering, reverse engineering and other undesired activities. The DoD has a mandate to ensure both the provenance and integrity of the technology and its associated supply chain. These factors have created a unique opportunity for us to expand beyond sensor processing into the provision of technologies ranging from advanced secure processing subsystems to miniaturized custom microelectronics devices and capabilities for other onboard critical computing applications designed, developed, manufactured and supported in the U.S.A. In addition, advanced systems sold to foreign military buyers also require protection so that the technologies, techniques and data associated with them do not proliferate, which further enhances our market opportunity.
•
Mercury is well-positioned to help address the need for DoD to access the latest commercial silicon, combined with the desire to ensure a trusted domestic supply of silicon technologies
. In May 2023, DoD’s National Defense Science 
8
Table of Contents
and Technology Strategy listed microelectronics among its critical technology areas for investment. DoD’s fiscal year 23 budget requested $3.3 billion to fund microelectronics research and development initiatives, a historically large increase in funding. DoD's FY24 budget requested $2.6 billion to fund microelectronic initiatives, and the fiscal year 25 President's Budget request includes $2.5 billion to fund microelectronics initiatives. We believe Mercury is the leading provider of commercially developed silicon purpose-built for the specific requirements of aerospace and defense customers. This capability began with our 2016 acquisition of the Microsemi Carve-Out Business, which included capabilities in trusted and secure microelectronics. Since the acquisition, we have made additional investments in security and advanced packaging. This initiative is specifically intended to bridge DoD technologies from monolithic ASIC designs, which are purpose-built for DoD but are deployed on legacy silicon designs, to heterogeneous “chiplet” architectures, which leverage best-of-breed silicon from commercial providers and packages the silicon for defense-specific applications, including the ability to embed security into the device itself.
•
We have invested in advanced, domestic design and manufacturing capabilities. 
We have prioritized investments to build our internal capabilities and capacity for defense electronics design and manufacturing in the U.S. These investments include the consolidation of a number of sub-scale microelectronics manufacturing facilities into our modern advanced microelectronics centers (“AMCs”) as well as the establishment of our operations facility in Phoenix, Arizona. In addition to the consolidation of facilities into scalable engineering and manufacturing centers of excellence, we have made the necessary investments to outfit these facilities with modern, scalable and redundant tools and equipment to promote quality, efficiency, throughput and redundancy. In addition, we invested in our information technology (“IT”) infrastructure and business systems to meet Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement (“DFARS”) requirements for cybersecurity. These investments taken together are intended to demonstrate our commitment to meeting DoD expectations for a trusted and secure defense industrial base. Our AMCs in Hudson, New Hampshire, West Caldwell, New Jersey, Oxnard, California, Huntsville, Alabama, Phoenix, Arizona and Torrance, California are strategically located near key customers and are purpose-built for the design, build and test of RF components and subsystems in support of a variety of key customer programs. Our Phoenix facility is built around scalable, repeatable, secure, affordable and predictable manufacturing. Phoenix is a IPC1791 certified secure trusted site, certified to AS9100 quality standards and it utilizes Lean Six Sigma methodologies throughout manufacturing. The facility is designed for efficient manufacturing, enabling our customers to access the best proven technology and high performing, secure processing solutions. This allows for the most repeatable product performance, while optimizing affordability and production responsiveness. 
•
Long-Standing Industry Relationships. 
We have established long-standing relationships with defense prime contractors, the U.S. government and other key organizations in the defense industry over our 30 years in the defense electronics industry. Our top customers include Airbus, BAE Systems, Boeing, General Atomics, General Dynamics, L3Harris Technologies, Leonardo, Lockheed Martin Corporation, Northrop Grumman Corporation, RTX Corporation and the U.S. Navy. Over this period, we have become recognized for our ability to develop new technologies and meet stringent program requirements. We believe we are well-positioned to maintain these high-level customer engagements and enhance them through the additional relationships that our recently acquired businesses have with many of the same customers.
•
Operational Execution Experience
. The members of our leadership team possess extensive expertise within the aerospace, defense, and technology industries. Their collective history of building management systems and processes has consistently proven to successfully scale and grow a business to enhance overall returns. They also bring experience in effectively implementing operational transformations that deliver strong results and drive long-term value creation. Our leadership team is focused on operational execution, including setting clear priorities, developing the appropriate processes and systems, and delivering results. We are focused on four priorities to unlock capacity to create value and reinvest for growth. They include: performance excellence, building a thriving growth engine, expanding margins, and driving cash release. Our ability to make progress in each of these areas is predicated upon having the highest performing team in our industry, which is the thrust of several significant workforce development initiatives. We are confident that we have assembled the necessary expertise to continue to grow and scale our business.
•
Proven M&A Integration Capability. 
We have developed the internal processes and capability to integrate acquired businesses to deliver value through revenue and cost synergies. Overseen by our operations organization, we leverage our common cultures and values as well as common processes, business systems, tools, channels and manufacturing infrastructure to accelerate growth and improve profitability in our acquired businesses.
Competition
We operate in a highly competitive marketplace characterized by rapidly changing technology, frequent product performance improvements, increasing speed of deployment to align with warfighters’ needs and evolving industry standards and requirements coming from our customers or the DoD. Competition typically occurs at the design stage of a prospective 
9
Table of Contents
customer’s product, where the customer evaluates alternative technologies and design approaches. We work with defense prime contractors as well as directly with the DoD. We help drive subsystem development and deployment in both classified and unclassified environments.
The principal competitive factors in our market are price/performance value proposition, available new products at the time of design win engagement, services and systems integration capability, effective marketing and sales efforts and reputation in the market. Our competitive strengths include rapid, innovative engineering in both hardware and software products, subsystem design expertise, advanced packaging capability to deliver the most optimized SWaP solution possible, our ability to respond rapidly to varied customer requirements and a track record of successfully supporting many high-profile programs in the defense and aerospace markets. There are competitors in the different market segments and application types in which we participate. Some of these competitors are larger and have greater resources than us. Some of these competitors compete against us at purely a component or board-level, others at a subsystem level. We also compete with in-house design teams at our customers. The DoD as well as the defense prime contractors are pushing for more outsourcing of subsystem designs to mitigate risk and to enable concurrent design of the platform which ultimately leads to faster time to deployment. We have aligned our strategy to capitalize on that trend and are leveraging our longstanding subsystem expertise to provide this value to our customers.
Research and Product Development
Our R&D efforts are focused on developing new products and subsystems as well as enhancing existing hardware and software products in mission, signal and image processing. Our R&D goal is to fully exploit and maintain our technological lead in the high-performance, real-time sensor processing industry and in mission computing, microelectronics, platform management and other safety-critical applications. Total expenditures for research and development amounted to $67.6 million, $101.3 million and $108.8 million in fiscal years 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. As of June 27, 2025, we had 579 employees, including hardware and software architects and design engineers, primarily engaged in engineering, research, and product development activities. These individuals, in conjunction with our sales team, also devote a portion of their time to assisting customers in utilizing our products, developing new uses for these products and anticipating customer requirements for new products.
Manufacturing  
The majority of our products and solutions are produced in AS9100 quality system-certified facilities. The current scope of delivered hardware products includes commercial and industrial class printed circuit board assemblies (modules), complex chassis subsystems, rugged display systems and servers and RF and microwave components and subsystems.
Our Phoenix, Arizona facility manufactures our custom microelectronics products in an AS9100 quality system-certified facility. 

Our Phoenix facility is also an IPC1791 certified and DMEA certified trusted manufacturing facility, primarily focused on advanced secure system-on-chip design, assembly, packaging and test. Our Cypress, California, West Lafayette, Indiana, and Huntsville, Alabama facilities are AS9100 quality systems-certified facilities as well. Our Fremont, California and Alpharetta, Georgia facilities are ISO 9001:2015 quality systems-certified. Our Hudson, New Hampshire and Chantilly, Virginia locations are IPC1791 and AS9100 quality systems-certified facilities. Our Andover, Massachusetts and Hudson, New Hampshire facilities design and assemble our processing products and are AS9100 quality systems-certified facilities. Our Andover, Massachusetts facility is also a DMEA-certified trusted design facility and is primarily focused on advanced security features for the processing product line. Our Silchester, England facility provides engineering, development and integration services and is AS9100 quality systems-certified.
We rely on both vertical integration and subcontracting to contract manufacturers to meet our manufacturing needs. Our Phoenix facility has the manufacturing capabilities to complete the assembly and testing for certain of our embedded multi-computing products. We subcontract as needed a portion of the assembly and testing for our other embedded multi-computing products to contract manufacturers in the U.S. to build to our specifications. Our printed circuit board assemblies and chassis subsystems’ manufacturing operations also consist of materials planning and procurement, final assembly and test and logistics (inventory and traffic management). Our vertically integrated subsystem product solutions rely on strong relationships with strategic suppliers to ensure on-time delivery and high quality products. We manage supplier performance and capability through quality audits and stringent source, incoming and/or first article inspection processes. We have a comprehensive quality and process control plan for each of our products, which include a supply chain management program and the use of automated inspection and test equipment to assure the quality and reliability of our products. We perform most post sales service obligations (both warranty and other lifecycle support) in-house through a dedicated service and repair operation. We periodically review our contract manufacturing capabilities to ensure we are optimized for the right mix of quality, affordability, performance and on-time delivery.
Our advanced microelectronics center in Phoenix, Arizona is built around scalable, repeatable, secure, affordable and predictable manufacturing. The high mix, low volume and high complexity/density nature of our products require speed and 
10
Table of Contents
seamless interaction with all internal functions (as opposed to with an external contract manufacturer) which is a key value proposition of the Phoenix operations facility. Phoenix is also designed for efficient showcasing to customers who at any point wish to access the best proven technology and high performing, secure electronics and processing manufacturing solutions within a broader product company such as Mercury. Proximity and interaction with our internal engineering organization is a significant benefit. This allows for the most repeatable product performance, while optimizing affordability and production responsiveness. The Phoenix AMC also provides manufacturing and assembly for SWaP-optimized multi-chip modules and system-in-package devices. We combine surface-mount, flip chip, die attach, wire bond and rugged 3D packaging on the same devices to provide a swap-optimized solution for our customers.
The Hudson, New Hampshire, West Caldwell, New Jersey and Oxnard, California facilities are specifically aimed at providing scalable manufacturing within our critical businesses. We leverage best practices in design, development, manufacturing and materials handling at these production and subsystems integration facilities. These facilities include the design, build and test of both RF and microwave components and subsystems in support of a variety of key customer programs.  Our Alpharetta, Georgia facility offers active matrix liquid crystal display systems which enhances the highly sophisticated human/ machine interface. Our facility in Torrance, California is an AS9100 and AS9110C facility that offers Avionics Safety-Certifiable subsystems. Our facility in Upper Saddle River, New Jersey is ISO 9001:2015 certified and offers digital signal processing products. Our facility in Gulf Breeze, Florida is AS9100 certified and offers rugged avionics and electronics. Our facility in Norcross, Georgia is AS9100 certified and offers RF and microwave products. 
Although we generally use standard parts and components for our products, certain components, including custom designed Application-Specific Integrated Circuits ("ASICs"), static random access memory, FPGAs, microprocessors and other third party chassis peripherals (single board computers, power supplies, blowers, etc.), are currently available only from a single source or from limited sources. 
We also design, develop and manufacture digital radio frequency memory units for a variety of modern electronic warfare applications, as well as radar environment simulation and test systems for defense and intelligence applications. We develop high performance signals intelligence payloads and EO/IR technologies for small UAV platforms as well as powerful onboard UAV processor systems for real-time wide area motion imagery.
Intellectual Property and Proprietary Rights
We hold a broad collection of intellectual property rights to protect our proprietary technologies and our brands. These include patents, designs, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets in the U.S. and various foreign countries. Although we believe the ownership of such intellectual property rights is an important factor in differentiating our business and that our success depends in part on such ownership, we primarily rely on the innovation skills and technical expertise of our employees.
We regularly file patent and trademark applications, including payment of related maintenance fees, to protect innovations and brands arising from our research and development. We also rely on a combination of trade secret, patent, copyright, and trademark laws, as well as contractual agreements, to safeguard our proprietary rights in technologies and in our products. In seeking to limit access to sensitive information to the greatest extent practicable, we routinely enter into confidentiality agreements and assignment of invention agreements with each of our employees and consultants, and execute nondisclosure agreements with our customers, suppliers, and vendors.
We have licensed intellectual property rights in the past and expect that we may license such rights in the future to certain other parties. Some of our products may include intellectual property owned by third parties. It may be necessary in the future to review or renew such licenses to various aspects of our products and services.
Over time, we have accumulated a significant portfolio of issued patents and registered trademarks, including other intellectual property rights. No single intellectual property right is solely responsible for protecting our products, processes and services. We believe our policies and safeguard measures to protect our intellectual property are sufficient relative to the use and lives of our products and services.
Backlog
As of June 27, 2025, we had a backlog of orders aggregating approximately $1.4 billion, of which $807.8 million is expected to be recognized as revenue within the next twelve months. As of June 28, 2024, backlog was approximately $1.3 billion. Our backlog is comprised of accepted purchase orders for which a majority are fully funded. Orders included in backlog may be canceled or rescheduled by customers, although the customer may incur cancellation penalties depending on the timing of the cancellation. A variety of conditions, both specific to the individual customer and generally affecting the customer’s industry, may cause customers to cancel, reduce or delay orders that were previously made or anticipated. We cannot assure the timely replacement of canceled, delayed or reduced orders. 
11
Table of Contents
Human Capital 
At Mercury, our people are at the center of everything we do in driving Innovation that Matters®. We believe that our success depends on our ability to foster a company-wide culture that values a broad range of solutions to problems, a wide array of skills and experiences, and multiple perspectives. We believe that the workforce required to grow our business and deliver creative solutions must be rich in diverse thought, experience, and culture, and are committed to providing an environment that respects the varied backgrounds and viewpoints of our employees. Our initiatives focus on building and maintaining talent that will create cohesive and collaborative teams that drive innovation. Our Board of Directors provides oversight of our people practices, including regularly reviewing workforce metrics such as those described below.
•
Employee Overview:
 As of June 27, 2025, we employed 2,162 people excluding contractors around the globe, including 579 in research and development, 112 in sales and marketing, 1,180 in manufacturing and customer support and 291 in general and administrative functions. Our primary operations are in the U.S. with 2,061 employees and we operate offices in 12 states. Outside the U.S., we had 101 employees, and operate from locations in Spain, Switzerland, and the United Kingdom. No employees are covered by any collective bargaining or similar agreements. We also use contractors on an as-needed basis.
•
Culture and Employee Engagement:
 We believe our workplace culture drives engagement that turns ideas into action, delivering trusted and secure solutions at the speed of innovation. We regularly seek employee input through engagement surveys, the results of which drive meaningful and timely action, as appropriate, from our leadership team and people leaders across the Company. Participation in our most recent employee engagement survey in April 2025 remained strong at 75%. Our investment in our employees extends to our workplaces. For fiscal 2025, we invested over $1.8 million to upgrade our locations to world-class facilities. We also encourage employees to give back to our communities. Mercury sponsors and participates in a number of philanthropic events in our communities, such as Run to Home Base, an annual event that funds clinical care and support for veterans and their families who are impacted by the invisible wounds of war. 
•
Training and Development: 
Life-long learning is encouraged at Mercury through our offering of LinkedIn Learning, tuition reimbursement and other employee development opportunities. We are deeply invested in building the next generation of engineers and scientists with our internship and co-op programs. We offer a two-year engineering rotational program to recent graduates in electrical, firmware, software, RF and systems engineering disciplines. During the program, employees gain insight and experience rotating through multiple engineering disciplines and upon program completion are matched with a position. During fiscal 2025, we have also invested $1.7 million in formal leadership programs to further develop our leaders, at various levels: leadership cohorts, mentor programs; team excellence discussions, training programs for new managers and regular engagement with our executive leadership team.
•
Pay and Benefits: 
We seek competitiveness and fairness in total compensation with reference to external pay data and internal equity. We also offer a variety of well-being programs to support our employees and their families with healthy living. These programs include paid time off, paid parental leave, health insurance coverage, voluntary benefits (including pet insurance and caregiver support), company contributions to retirement savings and employee assistance and work-life programs. In addition, we offer employees less traditional benefits to support employee well-being such as access to fitness and meditation apps, as well as an online platform through which employees participate in healthy living challenges and earn financial rewards.
•
Environmental, Health and Safety: 
On our website, we disclose environmental stewardship, quality and safety information, including OSHA injury data. We received an Environment, Social, and Governance ("ESG") score of AAA on the Morgan Stanley Capital International ("MSCI") ESG Rating scale during 2025, placing us in the top 5% of their ratings group for aerospace and defense.
•
Diversity and Employee Initiatives: 
Development of a broad talent pipeline is a business imperative at Mercury and critical to our ability to drive innovation and improve long-term results. We have established relationships with job networks and educational institutions to proactively attract a diverse pool of talent. Our employees are afforded opportunities to deliver creative solutions that are rich in thought, experience, and culture within Mercury and our industry. We also regularly conduct pay equity assessments to help ensure the fairness of our pay practices and make adjustments as needed. 
Customers
RTX Corporation comprised 13%, 10%, and 14% of our revenues in each of the fiscal years 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Lockheed Martin comprised 10%, 11%, and 13% of our revenues in each of the fiscal years 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The United States Navy comprised 10% of our revenues in fiscal 2025, and accounted for less than 10% of our revenues in fiscal years 2024 and 2023. L3Harris accounted for less than 10% of our revenues in fiscal 2025, 12% of our revenues in fiscal 2024, and less than 10% of our revenues in fiscal 2023. Northrop Grumman accounted for less than 10% of 
12
Table of Contents
our revenues in fiscal 2025 and fiscal 2024, and comprised 11% in fiscal year 2023. While sales to each of these customers may comprise 10% or more of our annual revenue, the sales to these customers are spread across multiple programs and platforms. For the fiscal years ended 2025, 2024 and 2023, we had no single program that represented 10% or more of our revenues.
Corporate Headquarters and Incorporation
Our corporate headquarters is located in Andover, Massachusetts. Mercury Systems, Inc. was incorporated in Massachusetts in 1981.
Financial Information about Geographic Scope
Information about revenue we receive within and outside the U.S. can be found in Note P - Operating Segment, Geographic Information and Significant Customers - to the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
WEBSITE
We maintain a website at 
www.mrcy.com
. We make available on our website, free of charge, our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and current reports on Form 8-K, including exhibits and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended, as soon as reasonably practicable after such reports are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). Our code of business conduct and ethics is also available on our website. We intend to disclose any future amendments to, or waivers from, our code of business conduct and ethics within four business days of the waiver or amendment through a website posting or by filing a current report on Form 8-K with the SEC. Information contained on our website does not constitute part of this report. Our reports filed with, or furnished to, the SEC are also available on the SEC’s website at 
www.sec.gov
.
Investors and others should note that we announce material financial information using our website (
www.mrcy.com
), SEC filings, press releases, public conference calls, webcasts, and social media, including X (
X.com/mrcy
) and LinkedIn (
www.linkedin.com/company/mercury-systems
). Therefore, we encourage investors and others interested in Mercury to review the information we post on the social media and other communication channels listed on our website.