Item 3.

Legal Proceedings

19

Item 4.

Mine Safety Disclosures

19

PART II

Item 5.

Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

20

Item 6.

Selected Financial Data

21

Item 7.

Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

22

Item 7A.

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

33

Item 8.

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

33

Item 9.

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure

33

Item 9A.

Controls and Procedures

33

Item 9B.

Other Information

34

PART III

Item 10.

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance

36

Item 11.

Executive Compensation

38

Item 12.

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters

38

Item 13.

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence

39

Item 14.

Principal Accountant Fees and Services

39

PART IV

Item 15.

Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules

40

Item 16.

Form 10-K Summary

42

Signatures

43

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

F-
1

Certain matters contained in this filing with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) may contain forward-looking statements and are being made pursuant to the “safe harbor” provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. When used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the words “project,” “believe,” “plan,” “will,” “anticipate,” “expect” and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. Any one, or all, of the following factors could cause actual financial results to differ materially from those financial results mentioned in the forward-looking statements: overall economic and market conditions (including current levels of inflation) and worldwide political events and the resultant impact on consumer spending patterns and our pricing power, the difficulty in predicting and responding to shifts in fashion trends, changes in the level of competitive pricing and promotional activity and other industry factors, the effects of the implementation of the United Kingdom's withdrawal from membership in the European Union (commonly referred to as “Brexit”), including currency fluctuations, economic conditions and legal or regulatory changes, any effects of war, including geopolitical instability, impacts of the conflict in the Middle East and impacts of the war between Russia and Ukraine and from related sanctions imposed by the United States, European Union, United Kingdom and others, terrorism and civil unrest, natural disasters, severe or unseasonable weather conditions (including as a result of climate change) or public health crises (such as the coronavirus (COVID-19)), labor shortages and increases in labor costs, raw material costs and transportation costs, availability of suitable retail space for expansion, timing of store openings, risks associated with international expansion, seasonal fluctuations in gross sales, response to new concepts, our ability to integrate acquisitions, risks associated with digital sales, our ability to maintain and expand our digital sales channels, any material disruptions or security breaches with respect to our technology systems, our effective utilization of technological advancements, including in artificial intelligence, the departure of one or more key senior executives, import risks (including any shortage of transportation capacities or delays at ports), changes to U.S. and foreign trade policies (including the enactment of tariffs such as retaliatory tariffs), border adjustment taxes or increases in duties or quotas), the unexpected closing or disruption of, or any damage to, any of our distribution centers, our ability to protect our intellectual property rights, failure of our manufacturers and third-party vendors to comply with our social compliance program, risks related to environmental, social and governance activities, changes in our effective income tax rate, changes in accounting standards and subjective assumptions, regulatory changes and legal matters and other risks identified in our filings with the SEC, including those set forth in Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2025. We disclaim any intent or obligation to update forward-looking statements even if experience or future changes make it clear that actual results may differ materially from any projected results expressed or implied therein.

Unless the context otherwise requires, all references to the “Company,” “we,” “us” or “our” refer to Urban Outfitters, Inc., together with its subsidiaries.

PART
 I

Item 1. B
usiness

General

We are a leading lifestyle products and services company that operates a portfolio of global consumer brands primarily including the Anthropologie, Free People, FP Movement, Urban Outfitters and Nuuly brands. We have achieved compounded annual sales growth of approximately 7% over the past five years, with sales of approximately $5.6 billion during the fiscal year ended January 31, 2025.

We operate under three reportable segments – Retail, Subscription and Wholesale. Our Retail segment includes our store and digital channels and primarily includes our Anthropologie, Free People, FP Movement and Urban Outfitters brands. We have over 54 years of experience creating and managing retail stores that offer highly differentiated collections of fashion apparel, accessories and home goods, among other things, in inviting and dynamic store settings. Our core strategy is to provide unified environments that establish emotional bonds with the customer, through Company-owned stores and franchisee-owned stores. In addition to retail stores, we offer our products and services directly to our customers through our websites, mobile applications, social media and third-party digital platforms, catalogs and customer contact centers.

Our Subscription segment, formerly known as the Nuuly segment, includes the Nuuly brand, which primarily offers customers a more sustainable way to explore fashion through a monthly women’s apparel subscription rental service.

We operate a Wholesale segment under the Free People, FP Movement and Urban Outfitters brands. The Wholesale segment sells through department and specialty stores worldwide, third-party digital businesses and our Retail segment. The Wholesale segment primarily designs, develops and markets young women's contemporary casual apparel, intimates, FP Movement activewear and shoes under the Free People and FP Movement brands and the BDG and "iets frans" apparel collections under the Urban Outfitters brand.

Milestones in our Company’s growth are as follows:

•
1970: First Urban Outfitters store opened near the University of Pennsylvania campus in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania

•
1976: Incorporated in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania

•
1984: Free People Wholesale division established

•
1992: First Anthropologie store opened in Wayne, Pennsylvania

•
1993: Initial public offering of URBN shares on NASDAQ

•
1998: First European Urban Outfitters store opened in London; Anthropologie website launched

•
1999: Urban Outfitters website launched

•
2002: First Free People store opened in the Garden State Plaza Mall in Paramus, New Jersey

•
2004: Free People website launched

•
2008: First Terrain garden center opened in Glen Mills, Pennsylvania

•
2009: First European Anthropologie store opened in London

•
2018: First European Free People store opened in Amsterdam; Urban Outfitters Wholesale division established

•
2019: Launch of the Nuuly brand

•
2020: First FP Movement store opened in Los Angeles, California

Our Retail segment omni-channel strategy enhances our customers’ brand experience by providing a seamless approach to the customer shopping experience. All Company-owned Retail segment shopping channels are closely integrated, including retail locations, websites, mobile applications, catalogs and customer contact centers. Our investments in areas such as marketing campaigns and technology advancements are designed to generate demand for the Retail segment omni-channel and not the separate store or digital channels. We manage and analyze our performance based on a single Retail segment omni-channel rather than separate channels and believe that the Retail segment omni-channel results present the most meaningful and appropriate measure of our performance.

Our fiscal year ends on January 31. All references to our fiscal years refer to the fiscal years ended on January 31 in those years. For example, our fiscal 2025 ended on January 31, 2025.

As used in this document, unless otherwise defined, "Anthropologie" refers to our Anthropologie and Terrain brands and "Free People" refers to our Free People and FP Movement brands.

1

Our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed with, or furnished to, the SEC pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, are available free of charge on our investor relations website, 
www.urbn.com/investor-relations
, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish such material to, the SEC. We will voluntarily provide electronic or paper copies (other than exhibits) of our filings free of charge upon written request. You may also obtain any materials we file with, or furnish to, the SEC on its website at 
www.sec.gov.

Retail Segment

Anthropologie.
 The Anthropologie brand tailors its merchandise and inviting store environment to sophisticated and contemporary women aged 28 to 45. The Anthropologie brand’s unique and eclectic internally designed and third-party brand product assortment includes women’s apparel, accessories, intimates, shoes, furniture, home decor and beauty and wellness. The brand also has a bridal collection consisting of wedding, bridesmaid and party dresses, accessories and decor. Catalogs are offered in North America that market select merchandise, most of which is also available in Anthropologie brand stores.

The Terrain brand is designed to appeal to women and men interested in a creative and sophisticated outdoor living and gardening experience. Terrain’s product offering includes lifestyle home, garden and outdoor living products, antiques, live plants, flowers, wellness products and accessories.

As of January 31, 2025, we operated 239

Anthropologie stores, of which 222

were located in North America and 17

were located in Europe, and sold merchandise through franchisee-owned stores in the Middle East. Stores average approximately 7,500 square feet of selling space. Our stores are located in specialty centers, upscale street locations and enclosed malls. We plan to open approximately 15 Anthropologie stores and close approximately 2 Anthropologie stores due to lease expiration, globally, in fiscal 2026. We plan for future store growth to come from expansion domestically and internationally, which may include opening stores in new and existing markets or entering into additional franchise or joint venture agreements. Anthropologie operates websites and mobile applications in North America and Europe that capture the spirit of its brands by offering a similar yet broader selection of merchandise as found in its stores, and offers catalogs in North America that market select merchandise, most of which is also available in Anthropologie brand stores. We plan for future digital channel growth to come from expansion domestically and internationally. Anthropologie’s North American Retail segment net sales accounted for approximately 42.1% of consolidated net sales for fiscal 2025. European Retail segment net sales accounted for approximately 1.6% of consolidated net sales for fiscal 2025.

Free People.
 The Free People brand focuses its product offering on private label merchandise targeted to young contemporary women aged 25 to 30 and provides a unique merchandise mix of casual women's apparel, intimates, activewear, shoes, accessories, home products, gifts and beauty and wellness. Free People brand retail stores average approximately 2,300 square feet of selling space.

The FP Movement brand offers performance-ready activewear, beyond-the-gym staples and wellness essentials. FP Movement brand retail stores average approximately 1,500 square feet of selling space.

As of January 31, 2025, we operated 230 Free People stores, of which 219 were located in North America and 11 were located in Europe. Of the 230 Free People stores open as of January 31, 2025, 63 were FP Movement brand stores, all located in the United States.  Our stores are located in enclosed malls, upscale street locations and specialty centers. We plan to open approximately 36 new Free People stores (including 20 FP Movement brand stores) and close approximately 4 Free People stores due to lease expiration, globally, in fiscal 2026. We plan for future store growth to come from expansion domestically and internationally, which may include opening stores in new and existing markets or entering into franchise or joint venture agreements. Free People operates websites and mobile applications in North America and Europe that capture the spirit of its brands by offering a similar yet broader selection of merchandise as found in its stores, as well as substantially all of the Free People and FP Movement brands' wholesale offerings. Free People also offers catalogs that market select merchandise, most of which is also available in our Free People stores. We plan for future digital channel growth to come from expansion domestically and internationally. Free People’s North American Retail segment net sales accounted for approximately 20.7%

for fiscal 2025. European Retail segment net sales accounted for approximately 1.0% of consolidated net sales for fiscal 2025.

Urban Outfitters.
 Urban Outfitters targets young adults aged 18 to 28 through a unique merchandise mix, compelling store environment, social media and third-party digital platforms, websites and mobile applications. We have established a reputation with these young adults, who are culturally sophisticated, self-expressive and actively engaged with their peer group. The product offering includes women’s and men’s fashion apparel, activewear, intimates, footwear, accessories, home goods, electronics and beauty. A large portion of our merchandise is exclusive to Urban Outfitters, consisting of an assortment of products designed internally or designed in collaboration with third-party brands. Stores average approximately 8,500

square feet of selling space. Urban Outfitters stores are located in street locations in large metropolitan areas and select university communities, specialty centers and enclosed malls that accommodate our customers’ propensity not only to shop, but also to congregate with their peers.

2

As of January 31, 2025, we operated 255

Urban Outfitters stores, of which 187

were located in North America and 68

were located in Europe, and sold merchandise through franchisee-owned stores in the Middle East. As part of repositioning the brand, we plan to open approximately 7 Urban Outfitters stores and close approximately 13 Urban Outfitters stores primarily due to lease expiration, globally, in fiscal 2026. We plan for future store openings to be domestic and international, which may include opening stores in new and existing markets or entering into additional franchise or joint venture agreements. Urban Outfitters operates websites and mobile applications in North America and Europe that capture the spirit of the brand by offering a similar yet broader selection of merchandise as found in its stores. We plan for future digital channel growth to come from expansion domestically and internationally. Urban Outfitters’ North American Retail segment net sales accounted for approximately 14.3%

of consolidated net sales for fiscal 2025. European Retail segment net sales accounted for approximately 7.9% of consolidated net sales for fiscal 2025.

Menus & Venues.
 Menus & Venues focuses on a dining and event experience that provides excellence in food, beverage and service. As of January 31, 2025, we operated 9 locations, all of which were located in the United States. We do not plan to open or close any locations in fiscal 2026. Menus & Venues net sales accounted for less than 1.0% of consolidated net sales for fiscal 2025.

Subscription Segment

Our Subscription segment, formerly known as the Nuuly segment, includes the Nuuly brand, which is primarily a monthly women’s apparel subscription rental service. For a monthly fee, Nuuly subscribers can rent product from a wide selection of the Company’s own brands, third-party brands and one-of-a-kind vintage pieces via a custom-built, digital platform. Subscribers select their products each month, wear them as often as they like and then swap into new products the following month. Subscribers are also able to purchase rental product. Subscription segment net sales accounted for approximately 6.8% of consolidated net sales for fiscal 2025.

Wholesale Segment

The Wholesale segment includes the Free People, FP Movement and Urban Outfitters brands. The Wholesale segment was established with the Free People brand to develop, in conjunction with Urban Outfitters, private label apparel lines of young women’s casual wear that could be effectively sold in Urban Outfitters stores and later began selling to department and specialty stores worldwide. The Wholesale segment’s range of young women’s contemporary casual apparel, intimates, FP Movement activewear and shoes under the Free People and FP Movement brands and the BDG and "iets frans" apparel collections under the Urban Outfitters brand are sold through department and specialty stores worldwide, including Nordstrom, Dillard’s, Dick's Sporting Goods, digital businesses and our Retail segment. We display our wholesale products in certain department and specialty stores using a shop-within-shop sales model. We believe that the shop-within-shop model allows for a more complete merchandising of our products, which allows us to differentiate ourselves from our competition and further strengthens each brand’s image. We monitor the styles and products that are popular with our wholesale customers to give us insight into current fashion trends, helping us to better serve our retail customers. Wholesale sales and showroom facilities are located in Dallas, Los Angeles, London and New York City. Our Wholesale segment net sales accounted for approximately 5.0% of consolidated net sales for fiscal 2025.

Store Environment

We create a unified environment in our stores that establishes an emotional bond with the customer. Every element of the environment is tailored to the aesthetic preferences of our target customers. Through creative design, much of the existing retail space is modified to incorporate a mosaic of fixtures, finishes and revealed architectural details. In our stores, merchandise is integrated into a variety of creative vignettes and displays designed to offer our customers an entire look at a distinct lifestyle. This dynamic visual merchandising and display technique provides the connection among the store design, the merchandise and the customer. Essential components of the ambiance of each store may include playing music that appeals to our target customers, using unique signage and employing a staff that understands and identifies with the target customer.

Our Urban Outfitters, Anthropologie and Free People stores are primarily located in upscale street locations, free-standing locations, enclosed malls and specialty centers. We plan for our store environment and location strategy to remain consistent over the next several years.

Buying and Design Operations

Maintaining a constant flow of fresh and fashionable merchandise is critically important to our ongoing performance. We maintain our own buying groups that select and develop products to satisfy our target customers and provide us with the appropriate amount and timing of products offered. Our buyers stay in touch with the evolving tastes of their target customers by shopping at major trade markets, attending national and regional trade shows and staying current with mass media influences, including social media, music, video, film, magazines and pop culture.

Our buyers and designers play an important role in our ability to identify and deliver the latest fashion trends to our customers. The success of our brands relies upon our ability to attract, train and retain talented, highly motivated buying and design employees. In

3

addition to management training programs for both newly hired and existing employees, we have a number of retention programs that offer qualitative and quantitative performance-based incentives.

Merchandise

Our Anthropologie brand product offerings include women’s apparel, accessories, intimates, shoes, furniture, home decor, beauty and wellness and a bridal collection consisting of wedding dresses, bridesmaid dresses, party dresses, accessories and decor. Our Terrain brand product offerings include lifestyle home, garden and outdoor living products, antiques, live plants, flowers, wellness products and accessories. Our Free People brand offers a showcase for casual women’s apparel, intimates, FP Movement activewear, shoes, accessories, home products, gifts and beauty and wellness. Our FP Movement brand offers performance-ready activewear, beyond-the-gym staples and wellness essentials. Our Urban Outfitters brand offers a wide array of eclectic merchandise, including women’s and men’s fashion apparel, activewear, intimates, footwear, accessories, home goods, electronics and beauty. Our Nuuly brand allows subscribers to rent product from a wide selection of the Company’s own brands, third-party brands and one-of-a-kind vintage pieces. Our merchandise is continuously updated to appeal to our target customers’ changing tastes and is supplied by a large number of domestic and foreign vendors, with new shipments of merchandise arriving at our stores and fulfillment centers almost daily.

The wide breadth of merchandise offered by our brands includes a combination of national third-party brands, private label product designed in collaboration with third-party brands and exclusive merchandise developed and designed internally by our brands. This combination allows us to offer fashionable merchandise and to differentiate our product mix from that of traditional department stores, as well as that of other specialty and digital retailers. Private label and exclusive merchandise generally yields higher gross profit margins than third-party branded merchandise, and helps to keep our product offerings current and unique.

The ever-changing mix of products available to our customers allows us to adapt our merchandise to prevailing fashion trends, and together with the inviting atmosphere and experience of our stores, social media and third-party digital platforms, websites and mobile applications encourages our core customers to visit our shopping channels frequently.

We select price points for our merchandise that are consistent with the spending patterns of our target customers. As such, our stores carry merchandise at a wide range of price points that may vary considerably within product categories.

Store Operations

We have organized our retail store operations by brand into geographic areas or districts that each have a district leader. District leaders are responsible for several stores and monitor and supervise individual store leaders. Each store leader is responsible for overseeing the daily operations of one of our stores. In addition to a store leader, the staff of a store can include a combination of

some or all of the following positions: a visual merchandising manager, several department managers and full and part-time sales and visual staff.

An essential requirement for the success of our stores is our ability to attract, train and retain talented, highly motivated store leaders, visual merchandising managers and other key employees. In addition to management training programs for both newly hired and existing employees, we have a number of retention programs that offer qualitative and quantitative performance-based incentives to district leaders and store leaders.

Marketing and Promotion

We believe we have highly effective marketing tools in our websites, mobile applications, catalogs, email campaigns and social media and third-party digital platforms. We refresh this media as frequently as daily to reflect the most cutting edge trends in fashion and culture. We also believe that highly visible store locations, broad merchandise selection and creative and visual presentation within our stores, on our websites and on our mobile applications entice our customers to explore these channels and purchase merchandise. Consequently, we rely on these elements, as well as the brand recognition created by our direct marketing activities, to draw customers to our omni-channel operations. Marketing activities for each of our brand’s retail stores may include special event promotions and a variety of public relations activities designed to create community awareness of our stores and products. We also are active in social media and third-party digital platforms. We believe that by starting a conversation and interacting directly with our customers, most notably via Instagram, TikTok, Pinterest, Facebook and Google and our own mobile applications, we are more effective at understanding and serving their fashion needs.

Customer Loyalty Programs

Loyalty programs offer customers access to member-only benefits and rewards, which promotes brand loyalty. The Urban Outfitters brand offers UO Rewards, a customer loyalty program designed to create authentic, lasting relationships with customers by rewarding devoted members with reward coupons, giveaways, early access to products and sales and exclusive offers. Members can earn and accumulate points based on purchase activity and engaging with the brand through social media. Upon reaching the specified point threshold, members are issued a reward coupon which can be redeemed for both in-store and online purchases.

4

The Anthropologie brand offers AnthroPerks. AnthroPerks is a customer loyalty program that is designed to deliver benefits and experiences to help make our customers’ shopping journey in-store and online easier and more inspirational. Members are given birthday discounts, receipt-free returns, special promotions, early access to new arrivals and invitations to members-only events.

Suppliers

To serve our target customers and to recognize changes in fashion trends and seasonality, we purchase merchandise from numerous foreign and domestic vendors, the majority of which is settled in U.S. dollars. We also have arrangements with agents and third-party manufacturers to produce our private label and exclusive merchandise. To the extent that our vendors are located overseas or, in the case of third-party vendors, rely on overseas sources for a large portion of their merchandise, the following could adversely affect our business: any event causing a disruption of imports, such as the imposition of increased security or regulatory requirements applicable to imported goods, war, public health concerns (including global pandemics such as COVID-19), acts of terrorism, natural disasters (including as a result of climate change), port security considerations or labor disputes,

financial or political instability in any of the countries in which merchandise we purchase is manufactured, the effects of Brexit, changes to U.S. or foreign trade policies, including the enactment of tariffs such as retaliatory tariffs, border adjustment taxes, or increases in duties or quotas, disruption in the supply of fabrics or raw materials, transportation capacity shortages and delays (including the impact of the conflict in the Middle East on shipments traveling through the region), increases in the cost of fuel or decreases in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to foreign currencies. During fiscal 2025, we purchased merchandise from approximately 4,000 vendors located throughout the world. No single vendor or manufacturer accounted for more than 10% of merchandise purchased during that time. We do not believe that the loss of any one vendor would have a material adverse effect on our business.

Company Operations

Distribution.
 We operate multiple distribution and fulfillment centers worldwide to support our Retail, Subscription and Wholesale segments in North America and Europe.

Retail Segment

Our Retail segment distribution and fulfillment centers receive and distribute our retail store merchandise and fulfill catalog, website and mobile application orders around the world. The primary Retail segment facilities that support our North America Retail segment operations are as follows:

•
1,000,000 square foot omni-channel fulfillment center we own in Gap, Pennsylvania;

•
291,000 square foot distribution center we own in Gap, Pennsylvania;

•
956,000 square foot omni-channel fulfillment center we own in Indiana, Pennsylvania;

•
880,000 square foot omni-channel fulfillment center we own in Kansas City, Kansas;

•
463,000 square foot fulfillment center we own in Reno, Nevada; and

•
214,500 square foot distribution center we lease in Reno, Nevada.

Our European Retail segment operations are supported by a 400,000 square foot omni-channel fulfillment center we own in Peterborough, England.

Additionally, in fiscal 2025, we began utilizing a third-party logistics provider in the Netherlands to receive and distribute merchandise.

Subscription Segment

Our Subscription segment operations are supported by the following facilities which fulfill subscription rental orders for the Nuuly brand:

•
604,000 square foot fulfillment center we lease in Raymore, Missouri, which commenced operations in the first quarter of fiscal 2025. We also lease 421,000 square feet of adjacent space within this facility through the end of fiscal 2026; and

•
309,000 square foot fulfillment center we lease in Bristol, Pennsylvania.

Wholesale Segment

Our Wholesale segment operations are predominantly supported by our omni-channel fulfillment centers in Gap, Pennsylvania and Peterborough, England.

Information Systems.
 We recognize the need for high-quality information to manage merchandise planning, buying, inventory management and control functions and have therefore invested in a retail software package that meets our processing and reporting

5

requirements. Our Retail segment utilizes point-of-sale register systems connected by a secure data network to our home offices. Additionally, our stores have mobile point-of-sale devices that have virtually the same functionality as our cash registers. These systems provide for register efficiencies, timely customer checkout and instant back office access to register information, as well as daily updates of sales, inventory data and price changes. Our digital channel, which includes our websites, mobile applications and catalogs, maintains separate software systems that manage the merchandise and customer information for our customer contact centers and fulfillment functions. Our Subscription segment uses a custom-built digital platform that helps us manage merchandising functions, customer information and service, financial accounting and fulfillment of customer orders. Our Wholesale segment uses a separate software system for customer service, order entry, production planning and inventory management. We have also invested in data science, advanced analytics and marketing technologies to enhance customer insights, optimize inventory decisions and improve digital engagement. We host digital and business applications across cloud infrastructure as well as have our own fully redundant data centers, located at our home offices in the Philadelphia Navy Yard and at our Reno fulfillment center. All systems are fully redundant and have full disaster recovery plans either within our cloud providers or our own data centers.

Competition

Our Retail and Wholesale segments compete with individual and chain fashion specialty brands as well as department stores, both in stores and online, in highly competitive domestic and international markets. Our Retail segment competes on the basis of, among other things, the location of our stores,

website, mobile application and catalog presentation, website and mobile application design and functionality, the breadth, quality, style, price and availability of our merchandise and the level of customer service offered. Although we believe that the eclectic mix of products and the unique store and digital experiences offered by our Retail segment help differentiate us, it also means that our stores compete against a wide variety of smaller, independent specialty retailers, as well as department stores and national specialty chains. Some of our competitors have substantially greater name recognition as well as greater access to financial, marketing and other resources. Our Anthropologie and Free People stores also face competition from small boutiques that offer an individualized shopping experience similar to the one we strive to provide to our target customers. In addition, some of our third-party vendors offer products directly to consumers and certain of our competitors.

Along with certain Retail segment competitive factors noted above, other key factors for our digital channel include website and mobile application availability, the effectiveness of our customer lists and the speed and accuracy of our merchandise delivery. Additionally, our digital channel competes against numerous websites, mobile applications, catalogs and digital marketplaces, which may have a greater volume of circulation and web traffic or more effective marketing through online media and social networking sites.

Our Subscription segment primarily operates in an apparel rental market in which our competitors offer varying types of subscription rental models and products that may have greater appeal to consumers.

Our Wholesale segment competes with numerous wholesale companies on the basis of quality, price, performance and fashion of our merchandise offerings. Many of our Wholesale segment competitors have a wider product distribution network. In addition, certain of our wholesale competitors have greater name recognition and greater financial, marketing and other resources than us.

Trademarks and Service Marks

We are the registered owner in the United States of certain service marks and trademarks, including, but not limited to “Urban Outfitters,” “Anthropologie,” “Free People,” “Terrain,” “BDG,” “FP Movement,” “Nuuly” and "URBN." Each mark is renewable indefinitely, contingent upon continued use at the time of renewal. In addition, we currently have pending applications with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office to register certain other marks. We also own marks that have been registered in foreign countries, and have applications for marks pending in additional foreign countries. We regard our marks as important to our business due to their name recognition with our customers. We are not aware of any valid claims of infringement or challenges to our right to use any of our marks in the United States.

6

Environmental, Social & Governance (ESG)

Impact Report and Impact Scorecard

"Lead With Creativity... to Make an Impact"
 describes the Company's strategy to apply our creative thinking and entrepreneurial mindset to responsible business practices that benefit our employees, shareholders, customers and the planet. Our work in this area is organized into six ambitions across two pillars—respecting our planet and respecting our people. Each ambition has specific, actionable objectives.

Pillar I - Respect our Planet
: The Company strives to operate in a responsible way, consciously choosing our materials and partners. The Company has several initiatives within this pillar.

•
Invest in Circularity

•
Reduce Waste

•
Utilize Better Materials

•
Increase Cleaner Energy

Pillar II - Respect our People
: Our people are at the heart of what we do. We aim to cultivate a creative entrepreneurial spirit in every employee, empower everyone involved in our supply chain, and always put our customer first.

•
Cultivate Community

•
Improve Supply Chain Transparency

The Company maintains an Impact Committee, co-chaired by our Chief Sourcing and Chief Administrative Officers and reporting to our Board of Directors, to set sustainability policies and goals, provide oversight of those policies and track and report progress toward our goals.

Additional information relating to 
Lead With Creativity... to Make an Impact 
can be found in our 2023-2024 Impact Report, covering the period from September 1, 2023 through August 30, 2024, which is available at our website at 
www.urbn.com/impact
. The Company provides an update on key metrics annually and releases an Impact Report biannually. The content of our Impact Report and Impact Scorecards is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with the SEC. See Item 1A — "Risk Factors — Legal, Tax, Regulatory and Compliance Risks — ‘Manufacturers and third-party vendors may not comply with our legal and social compliance program requirements, which may subject us to risks related to evolving environmental, social and governance regulations and activities that may adversely affect our business’ and ‘If we fail to meet our global environmental and sustainability goals or if such goals do not meet the expectations of our customers or shareholders, our reputation could be adversely affected, which could adversely affect our business, financial performance and growth’," for more information on our environmental, social and governance activities.

Human Capital

The Company is built on self-expression and individuality. We are passionate about celebrating everyone for who they are and the unique perspectives they bring to the table. The creativity, passion and hard work of our people is a key input into our success.

Employees. 
As of January 31, 2025, we employed approximately 29,000

people, approximately 39%

of whom were full-time employees. The number of part-time employees fluctuates depending on seasonal needs. Of our total employees, approximately 85% work in our Retail segment, 7% work in our Subscription segment, 1% work in our Wholesale segment and the remaining 7% are corporate employees. Except in certain international locations, our employees are not covered by a collective bargaining agreement. We believe that our relations with our employees are excellent.

Human Capital Oversight
. The Board of Directors, as well as the Compensation and Leadership Development Committee (the “Compensation Committee”), oversee human capital management programs and efforts. The Compensation Committee has formal oversight over the Company’s policies and strategies relating to its human capital management including policies, processes and strategies relating to employee recruitment, retention and development, workforce diversity and workplace and employment practices. The Compensation Committee regularly receives reports on talent, succession planning, employee engagement and inclusion and belonging. On a quarterly basis, the Compensation Committee receives a talent dashboard with key metrics including turnover and vacancy information, talent development efforts and initiatives, and employee feedback and sentiment information. The Compensation Committee engages periodically on compensation program design for employees at various levels.

Talent Acquisition, Development and Retention.
 The Company aims to be the leading destination for creative and entrepreneurial talent in the specialty fashion market. Hiring, retaining and developing talented employees is critically important to our operations and

7

the future success of our business. Our talent strategy is focused on attracting the best employees, recognizing and rewarding their performance, and continually developing, engaging and retaining them. Through our unique culture, competitive compensation and benefits, development, training, coaching and mentorship programs and a collaborative recruiting process, we believe we are positioned to attract top talent and drive high levels of performance, engagement and retention. We invest in our employees through accessible resources and structured training programs that offer all employees opportunities for development. We create, manage or offer a large collection of courses for employees that cover a range of subjects such as onboarding, well-being, respectful workplace and inclusion and belonging fundamentals, compliance support, tactical tools to support completion of job functions, skills and tools to lead with confidence, inspire and connect authentically and courses to build skills and knowledge to support sound judgment and strong decision-making.

Compensation, Benefits and Wellness
. We aim to offer competitive compensation and category leading benefits to our employees. Varying by level, our compensation strategy is built around providing a mix of salary or hourly pay, cash based short-term incentives, and equity based long-term incentives to employees. In addition, we offer a comprehensive suite of health and retirement benefits, including medical, dental and prescription drug coverage, paid parental leave, medical travel, fertility and family building benefits, 401(k) and Non-qualified Deferred Compensation Plan ("NQDC") matching contributions, paid volunteer opportunities and a generous employee discount. Our home office in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania includes a state-of-the-art fitness center, walkable river paths, and spacious dog parks, fostering employee health, wellness, and engagement. Following our experience with remote work during the COVID-19 pandemic, depending on business needs, individual performance, and other factors, we permit employees to work under a “hybrid” mix of in-person and remote work, fully in-office or fully remote positions as necessary to meet business needs while providing employees flexibility to match their own preferences.

Inclusion and Belonging.
 We are committed to creating and maintaining an inclusive culture that values and respects diversity of all kinds. Women hold key leadership positions throughout the Company, including positions on our Board of Directors and executive team. Our inclusion and belonging commitments focus on building an inclusive community, finding and developing the best talent possible and supporting our local communities. The Company has a suite of Employee Resource Groups (“ERGs”) built around supporting our corporate values. ERGs provide professional development opportunities, enable employees to network, find mentors and sponsors, and help build community at our home office. In addition, the executive team has implemented a listening strategy, which includes an all-company engagement survey, onboarding, exit and inclusion and belonging surveys, as well as opportunities for employees to speak directly with executives. We have required anti-discrimination/anti-harassment training for all of our field, home office and fulfillment center managers. We have integrated inclusion and belonging fundamentals training into the onboarding experience for all home office employees, as well as field and fulfillment center salaried new hires and have engaged with various organizations to support our talent acquisition and development efforts in this space.

Financial Information about Operations

We aggregate our operations into three reportable segments, the Retail segment, the Subscription segment and the Wholesale segment. See Note 17, “Segment Reporting,” in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information.

Financial Information about Geographical Areas

See Note 17, “Segment Reporting,” in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for information regarding net sales and long-lived assets from domestic and foreign operations.

Seasonality

Our business is subject to seasonal fluctuations in net sales and net income, with a more significant portion of net sales typically realized in the second half of each year predominantly due to the year-end holiday period. Historically, and consistent with the retail industry, this seasonality also impacts our working capital requirements, particularly with regard to inventory.

8

Item 1A. Ris
k Factors

Macroeconomic and Industry Risks

Our reportable segments are sensitive to economic conditions, inflation, market disruptions and other factors that affect consumer confidence and discretionary spending.

Consumer purchases and rentals of discretionary retail items and specialty retail products, including our products, may decline during recessionary periods and also may decline at other times when disposable income is lower. A prolonged economic downturn could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations.

Economic conditions, both on a global level and in particular markets, may have significant effects on consumer confidence and discretionary spending that would in turn, affect our business or the retail industry generally. Some of these economic conditions include inflation, wages and employment, consumer debt, reductions in net worth based on severe market declines, residential real estate and mortgage markets, taxation, grocery, fuel and energy prices, interest rates, volatility in credit markets, credit availability, political and economic crises and other macroeconomic factors. These factors may affect consumer purchases and rentals of our merchandise and adversely impact our results of operations and continued growth. The impacts of inflation could lead us to increase prices, and if customers respond negatively to such price increases, could adversely impact our sales, gross margin and operating income. The economic conditions may also affect department stores and specialty retail businesses and impact their ability to purchase merchandise from our Wholesale segment. It is difficult to predict near term and/or future economic, capital and credit market conditions and what impact they will have on our business.

In addition, there is a risk that consumer confidence may decline as a result of market disruptions caused by severe weather conditions, unseasonable weather, or natural disasters, including as a result of climate change, health hazards, actual or threatened health epidemics and pandemics (such as COVID-19), terrorist activities, political crises or other major events or the prospect of these events, which could negatively impact our financial position and results of operations. The recovery we receive under any insurance we maintain for these purposes may be delayed or may be insufficient to fully offset potential losses.

We rely heavily on our ability to identify changes in fashion.

Customer tastes and fashion trends are volatile and can change rapidly. Our success depends in part on our ability to effectively predict and respond to changing fashion tastes and consumer demands, and to translate market trends into appropriate product offerings. If we are unable to predict or respond to changing styles or trends successfully or if we misjudge the market for products or new product lines, our sales may be impacted and we may be faced with a substantial amount of unsold inventory or missed opportunities. In response, we may be forced to rely on additional markdowns or promotional sales to dispose of excess, slow-moving inventory, which could decrease our revenues or gross profit margins. Conversely, if we underestimate consumer demand for our merchandise, our manufacturers fail to supply quality products in a timely manner, or we experience transportation capacity constraints and delays, we may experience inventory shortages, which may negatively impact customer relationships, diminish brand loyalty and result in lost sales. In addition, we could be at a competitive disadvantage if we are unable to leverage data analytics to obtain timely customer insights to appropriately respond to customer demands.

Compared to our Retail and Subscription segments, our Wholesale segment is more sensitive to changes in fashion trends because of longer lead times in the manufacturing and sale of its apparel. Our fashion decisions, if unsuccessfully forecasted, constitute a material risk and may have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

Existing and increased competition in the specialty retail, wholesale apparel and apparel subscription rental industries may reduce our net revenues, profits and market share.

The specialty retail and wholesale apparel industries are each highly competitive. Our Retail segment competes on the basis of, among other things, the location of our stores, website, mobile application and catalog presentation, website and mobile application design, the breadth, quality, style, price and availability of our merchandise and the level of customer service offered. Our Anthropologie and Free People stores also face competition from small boutiques that offer an individualized shopping experience similar to the one we strive to provide to our target customers.

Additionally, the internet and other technologies facilitate competitive entry and comparison shopping in our Retail and Subscription segments. Our digital channel competes against numerous websites, mobile applications and catalogs, which may have a greater volume of circulation and web traffic or more effective marketing through online media and social networking sites. We offer an omni-channel shopping experience for our customers and use social media and mobile applications as a way to interact with them to enhance their shopping experiences. Omni-channel retailing is constantly evolving, and we must keep pace with changing customer expectations and new developments by our competitors. There is no assurance that we will be able to continue to successfully maintain or expand our digital sales channels and respond to shifting consumer traffic patterns and digital buying trends. Our inability to

9

adequately respond to these risks and uncertainties or successfully maintain and expand our digital business could have an adverse impact on our results of operations.

In addition, some of our third-party vendors offer products directly to consumers and certain of our competitors. Our Wholesale segment competes with numerous wholesale companies, many of whose products have a wider distribution, based on the quality, fashion and price of its product offerings. Our Nuuly subscription business primarily operates in an apparel subscription rental market in which our competitors offer varying types of subscription rental models and products that may have greater appeal to consumers.

New competitors frequently enter, and existing competitors enter or increase their presence in, the markets in which we operate, expand their merchandise offerings, add new sales channels or change their pricing strategies, all of which affect the competitive landscape. In addition, many of our competitors have greater name recognition and greater financial, marketing and other resources than us.

We cannot assure you that we will continue to be able to compete successfully against existing or future competitors. Changing economic and retail environments may result in our competitors forcing a markdown or promotional sales environment, which could impair our ability to achieve our historical profit margins. Our expansion into markets served by our competitors and entry of new competitors or expansion of existing competitors into our markets could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Our business depends on effective marketing to drive high customer traffic.

We have many initiatives in our marketing programs particularly with regard to our websites, mobile applications and our social media presence. If our competitors increase their spending on marketing, if our marketing expenses increase, if our marketing becomes less effective than that of our competitors, or if we do not adequately leverage technology and data analytics capabilities needed to generate concise competitive insight, we could experience a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Among other factors, (1) a failure to sufficiently innovate or maintain effective marketing strategies and (2) a growing number of U.S. and foreign laws and regulations that make it more difficult or costly to digitally market, such as the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) and the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”), may adversely impact our ability to maintain brand relevance and drive increased sales.

We rely significantly on international sources of production.

We receive a substantial portion of our apparel and other merchandise from foreign sources, both purchased directly in foreign markets and indirectly through domestic vendors with foreign sources. The majority of these purchases are settled in U.S. dollars. To the extent that our vendors are located overseas or, in the case of third-party vendors, rely on overseas sources for a large portion of their products, the following risks may adversely impact our business:

•
Any event causing a disruption of imports, including the imposition of increased security or regulatory requirements applicable to imported goods, war, public health concerns, acts of terrorism, natural disasters and port security considerations or labor disputes;

•
New initiatives may be proposed that may have an impact on the trading status of certain countries and may include retaliatory duties, tariffs or other trade sanctions that, if enacted, could increase the cost of products purchased from suppliers in such countries or restrict the importation of products from such countries;

•
Changes to U.S. and foreign trade policies, including the enactment of tariffs (such as reciprocal tariffs), border adjustment taxes, changes resulting from Brexit or increases in duties or quotas applicable to the products we sell that could increase the cost and reduce the supply of products available to us;

•
Impacts of the war between Russia and Ukraine, the related sanctions imposed by the United States, the European Union, United Kingdom and others, and the conflict in the Middle East which could result in delays in shipments through the region and additional transportation costs;

•
Changes resulting from the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement (USMCA);

•
Significant labor issues, such as strikes or shortage of workers to manage inbound vessels at any of our ports in the United States or abroad, which could make it difficult or impossible for us to bring foreign-sourced products into the United States;

•
Financial or political instability in any of the countries in which the products we purchase are manufactured, if the instability affects the production or export of merchandise from those countries;

•
A significant disruption in the supply of the fabrics or raw materials used by our vendors in the manufacture of our products, as our vendors may not be able to locate alternative suppliers of materials of comparable quality at an acceptable price, or at all;

•
Fluctuation in the prices of raw materials, such as cotton and synthetic fabrics, as increases in such costs can increase the cost of merchandise and potentially lead to reduced consumer demand or reduced margins;

10

•
The shortage of transportation capacity (such as the availability of inbound ocean containers and vessels, cargo space for inbound airplanes, and trucks to transport products from ports to our distribution facilities) can result in transportation cost premiums and also delay delivery of merchandise to our distribution facilities leading to an increase in markdowns both of which can adversely affect our gross profit;

•
The cost of fuel is a significant component in transportation costs; therefore, increases in petroleum prices can adversely affect our gross profit;

•
Increased regulation related to environmental costs, such as carbon taxes and emissions management systems, which could adversely affect our costs of doing business, including utility, transportation and logistics costs; and

•
Decreases in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to foreign currencies could increase the cost of products we purchase from overseas vendors. 

Our operating results fluctuate from period to period.

Our business experiences seasonal fluctuations in net sales and operating income, with a more significant portion of net sales typically realized in the second half of each year predominantly due to the year-end holiday period. Historically, and consistent with the retail industry, this seasonality also impacts our working capital requirements, particularly with regard to inventory. Any decrease in sales or gross profit during this period, or in the availability of working capital needed in the months preceding this period, could have a more material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations than in other periods. Seasonal fluctuations also affect our inventory levels, as we usually order merchandise in advance of peak selling periods and sometimes before new fashion trends are confirmed by customer purchases. We must carry a significant amount of inventory, especially before the holiday selling periods. If we are not successful in selling our inventory during this period, we may be forced to rely on markdowns or promotional sales to dispose of the excess inventory or we may not be able to sell the inventory at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

War, terrorism, civil unrest, other violence, or public health crises, including pandemics such as COVID-19, may negatively impact availability of our merchandise, customer traffic to our stores or otherwise adversely impact our business.

In the event of war (including the conflict in the Middle East and the war between Russia and Ukraine), terrorism, civil unrest or other violence, our ability to obtain merchandise available for sale in our stores or on our websites may be negatively impacted. A substantial portion of our merchandise is imported from other countries, see “
We rely significantly on international sources of production.
” If commercial transportation is curtailed or substantially delayed, our business may be adversely impacted, as we may have difficulty shipping merchandise to our distribution and fulfillment centers and stores, as well as fulfilling catalog, website and mobile application orders.

Our stores are located in public areas where large numbers of people typically gather. Terrorist attacks, threats of terrorist attacks, civil unrest, or health epidemics and pandemics (such as COVID-19) involving public areas could cause people not to visit areas where our stores are located. In addition, other types of violence in malls or in other public areas could lead to lower customer traffic in areas in which we operate stores. If any of these events were to occur, we may be required to suspend operations temporarily or for an extended period of time in some or all of our stores in the impacted areas, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could have a material adverse impact on our business.

Due to our international operations, we are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk with respect to our sales, profits, assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. In addition, certain of our subsidiaries transact in currencies other than their functional currency, including intercompany transactions, which results in foreign currency transaction gains or losses. As a result, our sales, gross profit and gross profit rate from international operations will be negatively impacted during periods of a strengthened U.S. dollar relative to the functional currencies of our foreign subsidiaries. Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could adversely impact consumer spending, delay or prevent successful penetration into new markets or adversely affect the profitability of our international operations. Certain events, such as the uncertainty as to the on-going hostilities in Ukraine and the Middle East and uncertainty with respect to trade policies, tariffs (such as retaliatory or reciprocal tariffs) and government regulations affecting trade between the U.S. and other countries, have increased global economic and political uncertainty in recent years and could result in volatility of foreign currency exchange rates as these events develop.

We hold a portion of our cash and cash equivalents that we use to meet our working capital and operating expense needs in deposit accounts, and our liquidity and operations could be adversely affected if a financial institution holding such funds fails.

We hold a portion of our cash and cash equivalents in deposit accounts at multiple financial institutions. The balance held in these accounts typically exceeds the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, or FDIC, standard deposit insurance limit of $250,000 per depositor and per institution. If a financial institution in which we hold such funds fails or is subject to significant adverse conditions in

11

the financial or credit markets, we could be subject to a risk of loss of all or a portion of such uninsured funds or be subject to a delay in accessing all or a portion of our funds. Any such loss or lack of timely access to these funds could adversely impact our short-term liquidity and operations.

Strategic Risks

We may not be successful in expanding our business, executing our omni-channel strategy, opening new retail stores or extending our existing store leases.

The retail environment is rapidly evolving with customer shopping preferences continuing to change. We have made significant investments in capital spending and labor to develop our omni-channel strategy pursuant to which all available Company-owned Retail segment shopping channels are fully integrated, including stores, websites, mobile applications, catalogs and customer contact centers. As omni-channel retailing continues to grow and evolve, our customers increasingly interact with our brands through smartphones, tablets and a variety of media, and expect seamless integration across all touchpoints. Our success depends on our ability to introduce innovative means of engaging our customers and our ability to respond to shifting consumer traffic patterns and digital buying trends. There is no assurance that we will be able to continue to successfully maintain or expand our digital sales channels and omni-channel initiatives, or that we will realize a return on our significant investments, and failure to adequately respond to these risks and uncertainties or to successfully maintain and expand our digital business may have an adverse impact on our results of operations.

Our growth strategy also depends on our ability to open and operate new retail stores on a profitable basis and to effectively extend our existing store leases. There can be no assurance that these stores will achieve long term success. Further, our operating complexity will increase as our store base grows, and we may face challenges in managing our future growth. Such growth will require that we continue to expand and improve our operating capabilities, and expand, train and manage our employee base. We may be unable to hire and train a sufficient number of qualified personnel or successfully manage our growth.

Our expansion prospects also depend on a number of other factors, many of which are beyond our control, including, among other things, competition, the availability of financing for capital expenditures and working capital requirements and the availability of suitable sites for new store locations on acceptable lease terms. There can be no assurance that we will be able to achieve our store expansion goals, nor is there any assurance that our newly opened stores will achieve revenue or profitability levels comparable to those of our existing stores in the time periods estimated by us, or at all. If our stores fail to achieve, or are unable to sustain, acceptable revenue, profitability and cash flow levels, we may incur additional store asset impairment charges, significant costs associated with closing those stores or both, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.

We may not be successful expanding our business internationally and our ability to conduct business in international markets may be adversely affected by legal, regulatory, political, economic, and public health risks.

Our current growth strategy includes plans to continue to open new stores, expand our digital marketing and grow our wholesale customer base and retail and digital presence internationally over the next several years. As we seek to expand internationally, we face competition from more established international competitors. In addition, international stores and digital operations have different operational characteristics, including employment and labor, transportation, logistics, real estate and legal requirements. Furthermore, consumer demand and behavior, as well as tastes and purchasing trends may differ internationally, and as a result, sales of our merchandise may not be successful, or the margins on those sales may not be in line with those we anticipate. Additionally, our ability to conduct business internationally may be adversely impacted by political, economic, and public health risks, as well as the global economy. Any challenges that we encounter as we expand internationally may divert financial, operational and managerial resources from our existing operations, which could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations.

To the extent we expand internationally under franchise or joint venture arrangements, we may face counterparty and/or operational risk. In addition, we are increasingly exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk with respect to our revenue, profits, assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. We currently do not utilize hedging instruments to mitigate these foreign currency risks. In the future, however, we may initiate strategies to hedge certain foreign currency risks that may not succeed in offsetting all of the negative impact of foreign currency exchange rate movements on our business and results of operations.

As we continue to expand our international operations, we are subject to certain U.S. laws, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, as well as the laws of the foreign countries in which we operate, including the U.K. Bribery Act. We are required to ensure compliance with these laws. Violations of these laws could subject us to sanctions or other penalties that could negatively affect our reputation, business and operating results.

The United Kingdom's withdrawal as a member of the European Union, commonly referred to as “Brexit,” resulted in new tariffs on foreign produced goods imported into the United Kingdom and required additional administrative effort to import and export goods, adding friction and cost to transportation. Other countries in which we do business may adopt similar provisions. Any of these effects, among others, could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.

12

We may not be successful in introducing additional store concepts or brands.

We may, from time to time, seek to develop and introduce new concepts or brands in addition to our established brands. Our ability to succeed in the early stages of new concepts could require significant capital expenditures and management attention. Additionally, any new concept is subject to certain risks, including customer acceptance, competition, product differentiation, challenges relating to economies of scale in merchandise sourcing and the ability to attract and retain qualified personnel, including management and designers. There can be no assurance that we will be able to develop and grow these or any other new concepts to a point where they will become profitable, or generate positive cash flow. If we cannot successfully develop and grow these new concepts, our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely impacted.

We may develop new concepts through acquisitions, and we may not be successful in integrating those acquisitions.

Acquisitions involve numerous risks, including the diversion of our management’s attention from other business concerns, the possibility that current operating and financial systems and controls may be inadequate to deal with our growth and the potential loss of key employees.

We also may encounter difficulties in integrating any businesses we may acquire with our existing operations. The success of these transactions depends on our ability to successfully merge corporate cultures, operations and financial systems; realize cost reduction synergies; and, as necessary, retain key personnel of acquired companies.

In addition, there may be liabilities that we fail, or are unable, to discover in the course of performing due diligence investigations on any company that we may acquire, or have recently acquired. Also, there may be additional costs relating to acquisitions including, but not limited to, possible purchase price adjustments. Any of our rights to indemnification from sellers to us, even if obtained, may not be enforceable, collectible or sufficient in amount, scope or duration to fully offset the possible liabilities associated with the business or property acquired. Any such liabilities, individually or in the aggregate, could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition.

Operational Risks

We rely on information technology systems, and a material disruption or failure of such systems could adversely affect our business.

The efficient operation and successful growth of our business depends upon our information systems, including our ability to operate, maintain and develop them effectively. A failure of those systems could disrupt our business, subject us to liability, damage our reputation or otherwise impact our financial results.

Our operations, in particular our digital sales, are subject to numerous risks, including reliance on third-party computer hardware/software, rapid technological change (including the successful utilization of data analytics, artificial intelligence and machine learning), liability for online content, violations of state or federal laws, including those relating to online privacy, credit card fraud, risks related to the failure of the information technology systems that operate our websites, including computer viruses, telecommunications failures and electronic break-ins and similar disruptions. The potential issues associated with implementing technology initiatives and the time and resources required in seeking to optimize the benefits of new elements of our systems and infrastructure could reduce the efficiency of our operations in the short term.

We regularly evaluate our information technology systems and have implemented modifications and/or upgrades to the information technology systems that support our business. Modifications include replacing legacy systems with successor systems, making changes to legacy systems or acquiring new systems with new functionality. There are inherent risks associated with replacing and modifying our information technology systems, including inaccurate system information and system disruptions, which we may not be able to alleviate through testing, training, staging implementation and in-sourcing certain processes, or by securing appropriate commercial contracts with third-party vendors supplying such replacement and redundancy technologies; however, we may not be effective in identifying and mitigating every risk to which we are exposed. Further, if our information systems or other technologies are damaged or cease to function properly, we may have to make a significant investment to fix or replace them, and we may suffer loss of critical data and interruptions or delays in our operations in the interim. Although we have not experienced any interruptions or shutdowns of our systems for any material length of time for the reasons described above, such disruptions could lead to delays in our business operations and, if significant, affect our sales and profitability.

If we are unable to safeguard against security breaches with respect to our information technology systems, our business and our reputation may be adversely affected.

During the course of business, we obtain and transmit confidential customer, employee, vendor and Company information through our information technology systems. The protection of customer, employee, vendor and Company data is critical. Although we have implemented systems and procedures that are designed to protect customer, employee, vendor and Company information, prevent data loss and other security breaches, and otherwise identify, assess, and analyze cybersecurity risks, these measures may not be effective.

13

Development and maintenance of these systems is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures increase and become more sophisticated.

We face an evolving threat landscape in which cybercriminals, among others, employ an increasingly complex array of techniques designed to access personal data and other information, including, for example, the use of fraudulent or stolen access credentials, malware, ransomware, phishing, denial of service, supply chain and other types of attacks. Our and our suppliers’ and service providers’ information technology systems also may be damaged or disrupted, or personal or sensitive information compromised, from a number of other causes, including power outages, system failures, catastrophic events, or employee inadvertence.

While, to the best of our knowledge, we have not experienced any material misappropriation, loss or other unauthorized disclosure of confidential or personally identifiable information as a result of a security breach or cyber attack that could materially increase financial risk to the Company or our customers, such a security breach or cyber attack could adversely affect our business and operations, including by damaging our reputation and our relationships with our customers, employees and shareholders, exposing us to litigation, fines, penalties or remediation costs and inhibiting our ability to accept debit and credit cards as forms of payment. Further, because many of our corporate and showroom employees maintain hybrid office and remote work schedules, our business may be more vulnerable to cybersecurity breach attempts due to offsite working by employees, increased use of public Wi-Fi and use of office equipment off premises.

Our efforts to protect customer, employee, vendor and Company information may also be adversely impacted by data security or privacy breaches that occur at our third-party vendors or unrelated third parties whose information technology systems we use directly or indirectly. While we believe we are diligent in selecting vendors, systems and procedures to enable us to maintain the integrity of our systems, we recognize that there are inherent risks and we cannot assure that any future interruptions, shutdowns or unauthorized breaches or disclosures will not occur.

The regulatory environment surrounding information security and privacy is demanding, with the frequent imposition of new and changing requirements, such as the GDPR and CCPA. With a heightened degree of public awareness and scrutiny regarding information security and privacy, customers have a high expectation that companies will adequately protect their personal information from cyber-attack or other security breaches. See Item 1C: Cybersecurity for further discussion.

If we fail to effectively utilize technological advancements, including in artificial intelligence, our business and financial performance could be negatively impacted.

Our industry is highly competitive and is undergoing rapid changes due to technological advancements in areas such as artificial intelligence (AI), data analytics and machine learning. Our future success depends in part on our ability to effectively utilize these technological advancements. Our competitors may outpace us in incorporating AI into their business and engagement with customers, which could adversely affect our competitiveness and operational outcomes. Our efforts to utilize these technological advancements may not be successful, may result in substantial integration and maintenance costs and may expose us to additional risks. Personal data within any dataset, collected from our business, is vulnerable to unintentional dissemination or intentional destruction, which could lead to heightened business and security costs, reputational damage, administrative penalties or legal expenses. The content, analyses or recommendations generated by AI, if deficient, inaccurate or biased, could adversely impact our business, financial condition and operational results, as well as our reputation. Moreover, ethical concerns associated with AI could lead to brand damage, competitive disadvantages or legal repercussions. Any problems with our implementation or use of AI or other technological advancements could negatively impact our business or results of our operations.

We depend on key personnel and may not be able to retain or replace these employees or recruit additional qualified personnel, which could adversely impact our business.

We believe that we have benefited substantially from the leadership and experience of our senior executives, including our co-founder, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, Richard A. Hayne. The loss of the services of any of our senior executives could have a material adverse effect on our business and prospects, as we may not be able to find suitable management personnel to replace departing executives on a timely basis. In addition, if our senior executives do not fully integrate within the structure of our management team and core business, we may be adversely affected. We do not have an employment agreement with our Chief Executive Officer or most other key personnel. In addition, as our business expands, we believe that our future success will depend greatly on our continued ability to attract and retain highly skilled and qualified personnel. There is a high level of competition for personnel in the retail industry. Our inability to meet our staffing requirements in the future could impair our ability to increase revenue and could otherwise harm our business.

Increases in labor costs, including wages, and labor shortages could adversely impact our operational results, financial condition and results of operations.

Our retail store and distribution and fulfillment center operations are subject to laws governing such matters as minimum wages, working conditions and overtime pay. As minimum wage rates increase or related laws and regulations change, we may need to increase not only the wage rates of our minimum wage employees, but also the wages paid to our other hourly or salaried employees. Any

14

increase in the cost of our labor could have an adverse effect on our operating results, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we operate in a competitive labor market, in which wage actions by other retailers and companies may require us to increase salary and wage rates, bonuses and other incentives in order to attract and retain talented employees across all of our retail store, distribution and fulfillment center, showroom and home office operations. Labor shortages and increased employee turnover could also increase our labor costs. This in turn could lead us to increase prices, and if customers respond negatively to such price increases, could adversely impact our sales, gross margin and operating income. We are also subject to risks related to other store and distribution and fulfillment center expenses and operational costs. Conversely, if competitive pressures or other factors prevent us from offsetting increased labor costs by increases in our prices to customers, our profitability may decline.

Damage or disruption to our distribution or fulfillment centers could have material adverse effects on our operations.

We operate multiple distribution and fulfillment centers worldwide to support our Retail, Subscription and Wholesale segments. See Item 1: Business—Company Operations—
Distribution
 for more information on our distribution and fulfillment centers. Damage to, or disruption of the operations at, any of these centers due to work stoppages, system failures, accidents, economic conditions, severe weather or natural disasters, including as a result of climate change, demographic and population changes, health epidemics and pandemics, as well as other unforeseen events and circumstances could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. Our distribution and fulfillment centers utilize computer-controller and automated equipment, which means the operations are complicated and may be subject to a number of risks related to security or computer viruses or malware, the proper operation of software and hardware, power interruptions or other system failures. In addition, if any of our distribution or fulfillment centers were to close unexpectedly or operate significantly below historical efficiency levels for an extended period of time, the other centers may not be able to support the resulting additional volume demands. As a result, we could incur significantly higher costs and longer lead times associated with distributing our products to our stores and customers during the time it takes for us to re-open or replace the center.

Legal, Tax, Regulatory and Compliance Risks

We may be unable to protect our trademarks and other intellectual property rights.

We believe that our trademarks and service marks are important to our success and our competitive position due to their name recognition with our customers. We devote substantial resources to the establishment and protection of our trademarks and service marks on a worldwide basis. We are not aware of any valid claims of infringement or challenges to our right to use any of our trademarks and service marks in the United States. Nevertheless, there can be no assurance that the actions we have taken to establish and protect our trademarks and service marks will be adequate to prevent imitation of our products by others or to prevent others from seeking to block sales of our products as a violation of the trademarks, service marks and intellectual property of others. Also, others may assert rights in, or ownership of, our trademarks and other intellectual property, and we may not be able to successfully resolve these types of conflicts to our satisfaction.

In addition, we face additional risks as we continue to expand our business outside the United States. Effective trademark and service mark protection may not be available in every country in which we sell our products, or the laws of certain foreign countries may not protect proprietary rights to the same extent as do the laws of the United States. This could increase the risk that our intellectual property is misappropriated. We may also encounter jurisdictions in which one or more third parties have a pre-existing trademark registration. This may prevent us from registering our own marks in those jurisdictions and could adversely affect our ability to effectively operate our business or market certain products.

Manufacturers and third-party vendors may not comply with our legal and social compliance program requirements, which may subject us to risks related to evolving environmental, social and governance regulations and activities that may adversely affect our business.

We have a manufacturer compliance program that is monitored on a regular basis by our buying offices. Our production facilities are either certified as in compliance with our program, or areas of improvement are identified and corrective follow-up action is taken. All manufacturers are required to follow applicable national labor laws, as well as international compliance standards regarding workplace safety, such as standards that require clean and safe working environments, clearly marked exits and paid overtime. We believe in protecting the safety and working rights of the people who manufacture the products we sell, while recognizing and respecting cultural and legal differences found throughout the world. We require our third-party vendors to register through an online website and agree that they and their suppliers will abide by certain standards and conditions of employment. If our third-party vendors fail to comply with our social compliance program, our reputation may be adversely affected.

Various governing bodies and regulators have been focused on Environmental, Social and Governance ("ESG") matters and related disclosures. This has resulted in, and may continue to result in, increased general and administrative expenses and increased management time and attention spent complying with or meeting ESG-related requirements and expectations. For example, developing and acting on ESG-related initiatives, including design, sourcing and operations decisions, and collecting, measuring and reporting

15

ESG-related information and metrics can be costly, difficult and time-consuming. These ESG initiatives are subject to evolving regulatory requirements, including the potential adoption of new laws or regulations, and changes in the interpretation of existing laws or regulations.

If we fail to meet our global environmental and sustainability goals or if such goals do not meet the expectations of our customers or shareholders, our reputation could be adversely affected, which could adversely affect our business, financial performance and growth.

We maintain an Impact Committee, co-chaired by our Chief Sourcing Officer and Chief Administrative Officer and reporting to our Board of Directors, to set sustainability policies and goals, provide oversight of those policies, and track and report progress toward our goals. The Impact Committee also maintains functional working groups, which focus on three areas: Environmental & Social, Data Privacy & Security, and Governance. The working groups are comprised of operational management representatives and are responsible for recommending policies and goals to the Impact Committee, implementing policies established by the Impact Committee, and tracking and reporting to the Impact Committee on progress towards goals falling within the working groups' ambit. These policies and goals and their status are published in the Company's Impact Report. There can be no assurances that our ESG policies, goals or actions will be perceived as adequate. Any failure or perceived failure to achieve our goals or demonstrate progress towards the environmental, social and governance ideals of our customers and shareholders could harm our reputation and value of our brands, which could adversely affect our business, financial performance and growth.

We may also communicate certain ESG-related initiatives and goals in our SEC filings or in other public disclosures, such as the Company's Impact Report. These ESG-related initiatives and goals could be difficult and expensive to implement, the technologies needed to implement them may not be cost-effective and may not advance at a sufficient pace, and we could be criticized for the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of the disclosure. Further, statements about our ESG-related initiatives and goals, and progress against these goals, may be based on standards for measuring progress that are still developing, internal controls and processes that continue to evolve, and assumptions that are subject to change in the future. In addition, we could be criticized for the scope or nature of such initiatives or goals, or for any revisions to these goals, by our customers and shareholders. If our ESG-related data, processes and reporting are incomplete or inaccurate, or if we fail to achieve progress with respect to our ESG-related goals on a timely basis, or at all, it could harm our reputation and the value of our brands, which could adversely affect our business, financial performance, growth and stock price.

Changes in accounting standards and subjective assumptions, estimates and judgments by management related to complex accounting matters could significantly affect our financial results or financial condition.

Generally accepted accounting principles and related accounting pronouncements, implementation guidelines and interpretations with regard to a wide range of matters that are relevant to our business, including but not limited to revenue recognition, leases, impairment of goodwill and intangible assets, inventory, income taxes and litigation, are highly complex and involve many subjective assumptions, estimates and judgments. Changes in these rules or their interpretation or changes in underlying assumptions, estimates or judgments could significantly change or increase volatility of our reported or expected financial performance or financial condition. See Note 2, “Summary of Significant Accounting Policies,” in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a description of recent accounting pronouncements.

We could be subject to changes in tax rates, the adoption of new U.S. or international tax legislation, or exposure to additional tax liabilities.

A number of factors influence our effective income tax rate, including changes in tax law, tax treaties, interpretation of existing laws, changes in generally accepted accounting principles and related accounting pronouncements, and our ability to sustain our reporting positions on examination. Changes in any of those factors could affect our tax obligations (including the cost of compliance) and our effective tax rate, which could adversely affect our net income. In addition, our operations outside of the United States may cause greater volatility in our effective tax rate.

The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (“OECD”) has issued model rules for the establishment of a global minimum tax rate of 15% (“Pillar Two"). The OECD has also issued initial administrative guidance and safe harbor rules around the implementation of Pillar Two, with additional guidance forthcoming. While it is uncertain whether the U.S. will enact legislation to adopt Pillar Two, several countries in which we operate have enacted Pillar Two legislation with an effective date beginning in fiscal 2025 and certain remaining impacts to be effective beginning in fiscal 2026. We currently do not expect that Pillar Two will have a significant impact on our fiscal 2026 consolidated financial statements but will continue to monitor the potential impact of these legislative changes, future legislation and additional guidance. Although we are unable to predict when and how additional changes will be enacted into law in countries in which we operate, it is possible the implementation, including the global minimum corporate tax rate, may have an adverse impact on our tax obligations and effective tax rates in future years.

16

We are subject to numerous regulations and legal matters that could adversely affect our business.

We are subject to customs, child labor, tax, employment, privacy, truth-in-advertising, e-commerce and other laws, including consumer protection regulations and zoning and occupancy ordinances that regulate retailers generally and/or govern the importation, promotion and sale of merchandise and the operation of retail stores and distribution and fulfillment centers. Additional legal and regulatory requirements (such as the “conflict minerals” provisions of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010), and the fact that foreign laws occasionally conflict with domestic laws, have increased the complexity of the regulatory environment and the cost of compliance. If these laws change without our knowledge, or are violated by importers, designers, manufacturers or distributors, we could experience delays in shipments and receipt of products or be subject to fines or other penalties under the controlling regulations, any of which could adversely affect our business. In addition, various governmental authorities in jurisdictions in which we do business regulate the quality and safety of the merchandise we sell. If we or our vendors are unable to comply with regulatory requirements on a timely basis or at all, or to adequately monitor new regulations that may apply to us, significant fines or penalties could be incurred or we could have to curtail some aspects of our sales or operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial results.

Moreover, legal actions may be filed against us from time to time, including class actions. These actions may assert commercial, tort, intellectual property, customer, employment, data privacy, securities or other claims. We may also be impacted by litigation trends, including class action lawsuits involving former employees, consumers and shareholders, which could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, the market price of our common shares, or our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

Item 1B. Unre
solved Staff Comments

We have no outstanding comments with the staff of the SEC.

Item 1C. Cybersecurity
Risk Management and Strategy
We are 
committed
 to safeguarding the personal information of our customers and potential customers as well as our own sensitive data and information. The full Board of Directors (the "Board") is responsible for the Company's general risk oversight, including cybersecurity and data privacy risks. Members of the Company's senior management also have day-to-day responsibility for risk management and establishing risk management practices.
 The Board oversees senior management in their risk management capacities, regularly reviewing and analyzing the Company's risk levels and reviewing and analyzing inventory risk each quarter as part of their review of quarterly financial statements. Members of the Company's senior management have an open line of communication to the Board and have the discretion to raise issues from time-to-time in any manner they deem appropriate.
The Audit Committee supports the Board by considering and reviewing the adequacy of the Company’s internal controls with management and the Company’s internal audit department, including the processes for identifying significant cybersecurity/data privacy risks or exposures, and elicits recommendations for the improvements to such procedures where desirable.

The Audit Committee periodically reviews the Company’s data security and privacy policies, procedures and risks. Members of management are expected to report matters to the Audit Committee or to the Board as a whole, as appropriate.
 Management’s reporting on issues relating to risk management typically occurs through direct communication with directors or committee members as matters requiring attention arise.
We maintain a Data Privacy & Security working group that is responsible for setting data security and privacy policies, overseeing those policies, and tracking and reporting on data security and privacy performance
. 
The working group is comprised of our Chief Information Security Officer, Global Data Privacy Officer, Chief Administrative Officer, and General Counsel.

The working group reports to the Audit Committee at least annually. In addition, the Company has an Impact Committee that maintains functional working groups that focus on a number of issues, including Data Privacy & Security.

The Impact Committee reports to the Board at least annually.

The Company's Global Data Privacy Officer reports to the Audit Committee at least quarterly and provides the Audit Committee with updates regarding the Company's data privacy environment.
 We also have a Chief Information Security Officer who provides quarterly updates to management and reports to the Audit Committee at least annually regarding the Company's data security environment.
Our Chief Information Security Officer is certified as a Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) and has significant experience in monitoring, implementation and management within the disciplines of information and personal data security, disaster recovery, and asset management. He has over 10 years of service in U.S. Army Cyber Operations and within U.S. Army Cyber Command. Our Global Data Privacy Officer has served as our head of Internal Audit for nearly 10 years and has received privacy-related certifications from the International Association of Privacy Professionals (IAPP) including Certified Information Privacy Manager (CIPM) and Certified Information Privacy Professional / Europe (CIPP/e).
We perform an annual training exercise for all employees and hold several cybersecurity awareness campaigns throughout the year. Where deemed appropriate, we 
engage independent security professionals
 to 
evaluate the Company’s security environment.
 For 
example, we comply with Payment Card Industry Standards and are audited annually by a third party to confirm compliance with those Standards. In addition, the Company employs third party penetration testers to identify potential security weaknesses for evaluation and

17

remediation. 
We also partner with government organizations and industry associations to share intelligence and quickly respond to emergent threats.
In order to identify, assess, protect, detect, respond to and recover from cybersecurity threats, we seek to employ multiple industry best practices, processes and controls to minimize the personal information in our possession, including pseudonymization, anonymization, tokenization and encryption. In addition, the Company maintains technical and organizational measures to ensure that personal information is accessible only by authorized personnel. In the event of a data breach, the Company is committed to notifying impacted customers and/or appropriate government entities in accordance with applicable law without unreasonable delay and in all events within the time period specified by applicable law.
The Company plans to use reasonable, cost effective, and secure methods for notifications in the event of a data breach. While we have experienced and may continue to experience certain cybersecurity incidents, we do not believe any such incidents incurred to date have 
materially affected
 our Company, results of operations, or financial condition. Additional information about cybersecurity risks we face is discussed in Item 1A — "Risk Factors — Operational Risks — 'If we are unable to safeguard against security breaches with respect to our information technology systems, our business and our reputation may be adversely affected'," which should be read in conjunction with the information above.

Item 2. Pr
operties

Home Offices.
 Since 2006, our North American home office has been located in several buildings on one campus in the historic core of the Philadelphia, Pennsylvania Navy Yard. The consolidated offices at the Navy Yard campus allow for an efficient operation of our Philadelphia-based offices and will help to support our growth needs for the foreseeable future. Our North American home offices are approximately 575,000 square feet, and we own or have options to purchase adjacent buildings that would allow for additional expansion if necessary.

Our European home office occupies approximately 70,000 square feet at the former Truman Brewery Site in London, England. The office houses all of our brand and shared leadership teams as well as a wholesale showroom and photo studio. The term of this lease is set to expire in July 2029, and we have the option to renew for up to an additional 10 years.

Distribution
. We operate multiple distribution and fulfillment centers worldwide to support our Retail, Subscription and Wholesale segments in North America and Europe.

Retail Segment

Our Retail segment distribution and fulfillment centers receive and distribute our retail store merchandise and fulfill catalog, website and mobile application orders around the world. The primarily Retail segment facilities that support our North America Retail segment operations are as follows:

•
1,000,000 square foot omni-channel fulfillment center we own in Gap, Pennsylvania;

•
291,000 square foot distribution center we own in Gap, Pennsylvania;

•
956,000 square foot omni-channel fulfillment center we own in Indiana, Pennsylvania;

•
880,000 square foot omni-channel fulfillment center we own in Kansas City, Kansas;

•
463,000 square foot fulfillment center we own in Reno, Nevada; and

•
214,500 square foot distribution center we lease in Reno, Nevada, which is set to expire in June 2027, and we have the option to renew for up to an additional twenty years.

Our European Retail segment operations are supported by a 400,000 square foot omni-channel fulfillment center we own in Peterborough, England.

Additionally, in fiscal 2025, we began utilizing a third-party logistics provider in the Netherlands to receive and distribute merchandise.

Subscription Segment

Our Subscription segment operations are supported by the following facilities which fulfill subscription rental orders for the Nuuly brand:

•
604,000 square foot fulfillment center we lease in Raymore, Missouri, which commenced operations in the first quarter of fiscal 2025. The lease is set to expire in January 2039, and we have the option to renew for up to an additional ten years. We also lease 421,000 square feet of adjacent space within this facility through the end of fiscal 2026; and

•
309,000 square foot fulfillment center we lease in Bristol, Pennsylvania. The lease is set to expire in July 2034, and we have the option to renew for up to an additional ten years.

18

Wholesale Segment

Our Wholesale segment operations are predominantly supported by our omni-channel fulfillment centers in Gap, Pennsylvania and Peterborough, England.

Improvements in recent years, as described in Item 7: Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources, were necessary to adequately support our growth. We believe that our centers are well maintained and in good operating condition.

Retail Locations.
 All of our retail locations are leased, well maintained and in good operating condition. Our retail locations generally have initial lease terms of five to fifteen years with renewal options for an additional five to ten years. Total estimated selling square feet for locations open, under lease as of January 31, 2025, by Urban Outfitters, Anthropologie, Free People brand and FP Movement brand was approximately 2,161,000, 1,796,000, 380,000 and 92,000, respectively. The average store selling square feet is approximately 8,500 for Urban Outfitters, 7,500 for Anthropologie, 2,300 for the Free People brand and 1,500 for the FP Movement brand. Selling square feet can sometimes change due to factors such as floor moves, use of staircases and cash register configuration.

The following table shows the location of each of our existing retail locations, as of January 31, 2025:

Urban
Outfitters

Anthropologie

Free People Brand

FP Movement Brand

Menus &
Venues

Total

North America

187

222

156

63

9

637

Europe

68

17

11

—

—

96

Total Company-Owned Stores

255

239

167

63

9

733

Franchisee-Owned Stores
(1)

7

2

—

—

—

9

Total URBN

262

241

167

63

9

742

(1)
Located in the Middle East.

Wholesale Showrooms.
 In addition to the stores listed above, the Wholesale segment operates sales and showroom facilities in Dallas, Los Angeles, London and New York City that are leased through 2025, 2026, 2029, and 2033, respectively.