ITEM 1. Business.
General
We are one of the leading suppliers of replacement and upgrade parts in the motor vehicle aftermarket industry, serving passenger cars, light-, medium-, and heavy-duty trucks, as well as specialty vehicles, including utility terrain vehicles (UTVs) and all-terrain vehicles (ATVs). As of December 31, 2024, we marketed approximately 138,000 distinct parts compared to approximately 133,000 as of December 31, 2023, many of which we designed and engineered. This number excludes private label stock keeping units and other variations in how we market, package, and distribute our products, includes distinct parts of acquired companies, and reflects distinct parts that have been discontinued at the end of their lifecycle. Our products are sold under our various brand names, under our customers’ private label brands, or in bulk. We are one of the leading aftermarket suppliers of parts that were traditionally available to professional installers and consumers only from original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) or salvage yards. These parts include, among other parts, leaf springs, intake manifolds, exhaust manifolds, oil filters and coolers, window regulators, radiator fan assemblies, tire pressure monitor sensors, exhaust gas recirculation (EGR) coolers, driveshafts, UTV windshields, and complex electronics modules. For 2024, approximately 81% of our products were sold under brands that we own, and the remainder of our products were sold for resale under customers' private labels, other brands, or in bulk. We generate most of our net sales from customers in North America, primarily in the United States. Our products are sold primarily through aftermarket retailers, including through their online platforms; dealers; national, regional, and local wholesale distributors and specialty markets; and salvage yards. We also distribute aftermarket parts outside the United States, with sales primarily into Canada and Mexico, and to a lesser extent, Europe, the Middle East, and Australia.
The Motor Vehicle Aftermarket Industry
We sell our parts in three different sectors of the motor vehicle aftermarket industry: light-duty, heavy-duty, and powersports (i.e., specialty vehicles). Combined, we estimate that these three sectors had a total addressable market of over $165 billion in 2024, according to information we have derived from the 2025 Auto Care Association Factbook and other industry data. 
Light-Duty Vehicle Sector
The majority of our products are designed for light-duty vehicles, which are passenger cars and light-duty trucks. Two distinct groups of end-users buy replacement and upgrade vehicle parts for this sector: (i) individual consumers, who purchase parts to perform "do-it-yourself" repairs and upgrades on their own vehicles; and (ii) professional installers. Professional installers include: (i) individual vehicle repair shops, representing approximately 70% of the total aftermarket vehicle repair industry according to the Motor & Equipment Manufacturers Association, which generally service a variety of OEM vehicle makes and models and sell and install non-OEM aftermarket parts; and (ii) dealership service departments, which generally only service specific brands of OEM vehicles and sell and install those same OEM brand aftermarket parts. Individual consumers typically are supplied through retailers and the retail arms of warehouse distributors. Vehicle repair shops generally purchase parts through local independent parts wholesalers and national parts distributors. Automobile dealership service departments generally obtain parts through the distribution systems of vehicle manufacturers and specialized national and regional parts distributors.
Spending in the light-duty vehicle sector generally can be grouped into three categories: discretionary, maintenance, and repair. Discretionary, such as upgrade accessories and performance, tends to align with consumer discretionary spending. Maintenance is composed of products and services, such as oil and oil changes, and tends to be less correlated with discretionary spending. Repair consists mainly of replacement parts that fail over time. While some repair work may be influenced by factors such as extreme weather in the summer or winter months, this work tends to be less cyclical as it is largely comprised of parts necessary for a vehicle to function properly or safely. The majority of our net sales are from products that fall into the repair category.
The increasing complexity and the number of different makes and models of light-duty vehicles have resulted in a significant increase in the number of products required to service domestic and foreign automotive fleets. The requirement to include more products in inventory and the significant consolidation among 
2
distributors of automotive replacement parts have in turn resulted in larger distributors. See ITEM 1A, “Risk Factors – Risks Related to Our Business – Our Industry, Operations and Competition” for information regarding the potential impacts of consolidation on our business.
Retailers and others who purchase light-duty aftermarket parts for resale often are constrained to a finite amount of space in which to display and stock products. Thus, the reputation for quality, customer service, and line profitability that a supplier provides typically are significant factors in a retailer’s or other reseller’s decision as to which product lines to carry in the limited space available. Further, because of the efficiencies achieved through the ability to order all or part of a complete line of products from one supplier (with possible volume discounts), as opposed to satisfying the same requirements through a variety of different sources, retailers and other resellers of light-duty aftermarket parts often seek to purchase products from fewer but stronger suppliers.
Heavy-Duty Vehicle Sector
The heavy-duty vehicle sector is focused on medium- and heavy-duty vehicles. The largest purchasers of aftermarket parts for this sector are independent distributors, including organizations associated with large buying groups and other distributors, as well as independent component specialists and rebuilders, and auto parts stores. The service work performed on medium- and heavy-duty vehicles is generally completed by end-user businesses that utilize these vehicles in their operations, fleets, and independent garages and distributors, who buy parts from the purchasers above or in some instances directly from suppliers like us. The majority of our sales in the heavy-duty vehicle sector are related to replacement parts.
Specialty Vehicle Sector
The specialty vehicle sector generally consists of parts for powersport vehicles, such as UTVs and ATVs, for both functional and upgrade accessories as well as replacement parts. Functional and upgrade accessories include parts such as engine performance upgrades, lighting and electronics, storage and cargo, tires and wheels, cabs, roofs and windshields, and other cosmetic parts. Nondiscretionary repair parts consist of brake systems, engine systems, electronics, frame and body parts, and driveline and transmission parts and are critical given the significant wear and tear often placed on those parts during normal use. Given the critical nature of repair parts to ensure a vehicle functions properly, purchases of those parts are generally nondiscretionary purchases. Currently, approximately half of our sales of specialty vehicle parts constitute nondiscretionary repair parts. 
This sector consists of direct-to-consumer and direct-to-dealer channels through both retail and e-commerce platforms. Key purchasing decisions of customers in this sector include ease of ordering, ease of installation, the price and availability of products, delivery times, and overall product quality.
3
Brands and Products
We market our products under the Dorman
®
, Dayton Parts
®
, and SuperATV
®
 names, along with several sub-brands, which identify products that address specific segments of the motor vehicle aftermarket industry.
Some of our most popular brands include:
DORMAN
®

–

Reliable replacement automotive parts and components. A brand mechanics have trusted for more than 100 years.
DORMAN
®
 OE FIX
™

– Dorman products that are designed to be better repair solutions than the OE alternative. These parts are made to help save the service technician time and money, and increase reliability and serviceability.
HELP!
®
 – Parts and components designed to help the automotive do-it-yourself customer, or DIYer, save time and money. A fixture in auto parts store aisles for decades.
Conduct-Tite
®

– 
Electrical tools
, materials, and accessories designed to help DIYers fix and customize vehicles. This brand includes the Builders Series line of premium wiring solutions.
Dayton Parts
®
 – An extensive product offering of heavy-duty commercial vehicle repair solutions, from cab to trailer. 
SuperATV
® 
– UTV and ATV parts and accessories designed by riders for riders.
Keller Performance Products – 
High-quality ball joints for specialty vehicles.
Assault Industries
 – West Coast-style powersports products built for the cool factor and designed with an edge.
Gboost
 – Clutching products for specialty vehicles.
GDP
 – Premium quality transmission, portals, differentials and more for UTVs and ATVs.
We offer bumper-to-bumper aftermarket solutions covering everything from engine, undercar, steering and suspension, body, electronics, and hardware. Our engine products include intake and exhaust manifolds, oil filters and coolers, fans, thermostat housings, and throttle bodies. Our undercar products include fluid lines, fluid reservoirs, connectors, 4-wheel drive components and axles, drain plugs, and other engine, transmission, and axle components. Our steering and suspension products include control arms, ball joints, tie-rod ends, brake hardware and hydraulics, wheel and axle hardware, suspension arms, knuckles, links, bushings, leaf springs, and other suspension, steering, and brake components. Our body products include door handles and hinges, window lift motors, window regulators, switches and handles, wiper components, lighting, electrical, and other interior and exterior vehicle body components, including windshields for UTVs. Our electronics products include new and remanufactured modules, clusters, and sensors. Our hardware products include threaded bolts and auto body fasteners, automotive and home electrical wiring components, and other hardware assortments and merchandise.
4
We warrant our products against certain defects in material and workmanship when used as designed on the vehicle on which it was originally installed. We offer a limited lifetime warranty on most of our products in the light- and medium-duty parts categories, with more limited warranties for our heavy-duty and specialty vehicle products. Our standard warranties provide for the repair or replacement of the non-performing part.
Product Development
We are committed to product development and innovation with a customer-first approach keeping owners and installers in mind. Our engineers and designers focus on solutions designed to help save repair technicians time, save vehicle owners money, and provide sought-after vehicle enhancements and differentiation.
We have dedicated teams devoted solely to ideation and innovation in support of our objective to develop new products, many of which are first to the aftermarket. Our teams of researchers, field analysts, and product specialists visit repair shop technicians and spend time with customers to listen to and understand their repair challenges and vehicle needs. 
We categorize our product development opportunities across three different spectrums: (1) alternative parts - direct aftermarket replacements for factory parts, (2) upgraded parts (including our "OE FIX" line) – parts with enhanced design, functionality, or features based on identifying what made original parts problematic and developing new solutions that address the original failure modes, and (3) new parts - identifying parts that are not available from the OE or in the aftermarket that can enhance vehicle performance and user experience. Some of these opportunities are new to the aftermarket whereas others continue to expand our current portfolio offering. The following table represents the number of distinct parts we introduced for each of the last three years: 
Year Ended December 31,
2024
2023
2022
New to the aftermarket
1,659
1,791
1,762
Line extensions
3,676
4,315
3,667
Total distinct parts introduced
5,335
6,106
5,429
In 2024, we introduced a range of innovative, first-to-the-aftermarket repair solutions for the light-duty vehicle sector, designed to fit a wide variety of vehicles. Our product launches included “OE FIX” solutions such as loaded magnetic strut assemblies, turbo line replacement kits, and fully loaded knuckle assemblies. We also expanded our investment in our emerging technology solutions portfolio to support repairs for complex automotive electronic components. This included the release of transmission control modules, electronic power steering racks, and various other control modules and sensors. Additionally, we made significant additions to our industry-leading lines of turbo accessories, coolers, and chassis components.
In 2024, we significantly expanded our heavy-duty product portfolio, introducing a comprehensive range of brake components—including drums and rotors—along with a new king pin program for connecting trucks and trailers and enhancements to our leaf spring coverage. Additionally, we launched several aftermarket-exclusive products, including EGR coolers, after-treatment injectors, and engine sensors. Most notably, we proudly debuted our Dayton Exhaust components line, delivering innovative solutions for both above and below-chassis applications for Class 7 and Class 8 trucks.
In the specialty vehicles sector, in 2024 we released many first-to-the-aftermarket products covering accessories and nondiscretionary repair parts, including a complete line of geared reverse direct replacement transmissions for multiple makes and models of ATVs and UTVs. We expanded our Ready Fit
® 
winch line, which is designed to significantly reduce installation time for the customer. We also continued our investment in innovative solutions to enhance the rider experience like a rear steer kit, driver-adjustable electronic power steering, and creature comfort items that provide improved heat and air flow within the cab, such as our electronic thermostat bypass heaters and roof-mounted fan system.
5
Sales and Marketing
We market our products to purchasers, many of whom in turn supply individual consumers and professional installers. Our products are available in our customers’ retail stores, on our website and our customers’ websites, and through dealers and warehouse distributors.
As of December 31, 2024, we had a sales and sales support team of approximately 300 people selling our products either directly to our customers or, for certain select customers, indirectly using independent manufacturers’ representative agencies worldwide.
Our sales efforts are not directed merely at selling individual products, but more broadly towards selling our entire product portfolio. Our sales strategy includes increasing sales not only by securing new customers, but also by adding new product lines and expanding product selection within existing customers in an effort to make our customers a destination for our aftermarket products.
Among other things, we use digital advertising, social media, email, catalogs, and brochures to describe and promote our products. Our websites include DormanProducts.com, DaytonParts.com, and SuperATV.com. These sites are not and should not be considered part of this Form 10-K and are not incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K.
As of December 31, 2024, we serviced approximately 10,000 active accounts. During 2024, two customers each accounted for more than 10% of net sales and in the aggregate accounted for approximately 39% of net sales.
Manufacturing and Procurement
Most of our light-duty vehicle products are manufactured by third parties, as are the majority of our heavy-duty vehicle products. The remainder of our heavy-duty vehicle products are manufactured in our facilities in the United States. The majority of our specialty vehicle products are manufactured in our facilities in the United States and China. We engage third-party manufacturers around the world to develop and manufacture products according to our performance and design requirements, oftentimes using tooling that we own. In 2024, as a percentage of our total dollar volume of purchases, approximately 28% of our products were purchased from third-party suppliers throughout the United States and the balance of our purchases were from third-party suppliers outside of the United States. In 2024, approximately 45% of our products were purchased from third-party suppliers located in China. Our global supplier network provides access to a broad array of manufacturing capabilities and technologies, and coupled with our diverse product portfolio, limits our dependency on any single source of supply. While our supplier selection and sourcing programs will continue to leverage our strategic manufacturers for a substantial portion of our product portfolio, we also continue to qualify alternative sources available to provide additional support and capacity, if needed. We make a concerted effort to build and nurture strong, healthy relationships with our suppliers. In 2024, we purchased motor vehicle products in substantial volumes from over 400 suppliers, and no single supplier accounted for more than 10% of our total product purchases. For more information on risks relating to our supply chain, see ITEM 1A. "Risk Factors - Risks Related to Our Business - Our Industry, Operations and Competition."
Packaging, Inventory, and Shipping
Finished products acquired from third-party suppliers or our owned manufacturing sites are received at one or more of our company or third-party-operated facilities in the United States and Canada for sorting and distribution to our customers, depending on the type of part. It is our practice to inspect samples of shipments based on supplier performance. If cleared, these shipments of finished parts are logged into our computerized production tracking systems and staged for packaging, if necessary. 
We employ a variety of custom-designed packaging machines which include blister sealing, skin film sealing, clamshell sealing, bagging, and boxing lines. Packaged product generally contains our label (or a private label), a part number, a universal packaging bar code suitable for electronic scanning, a description of the part, and if appropriate, installation instructions. Products are also sold in bulk to automotive parts manufacturers and packagers. Computerized tracking systems, mechanical counting devices, and experienced 
6
workers combine to help ensure that the proper variety and numbers of parts meet the correct packaging materials at the appropriate places and times to produce the required quantities of finished products.
Packaged inventory is either stocked in the warehouse portions of our facilities or in distribution centers maintained by our third-party logistics providers and is organized to facilitate the most efficient methods of retrieving product to fill customer orders. We strive to maintain a level of inventory to adequately meet current customer order demand with additional inventory to satisfy new customer orders and special programs. 
We ship our products by contract carrier, common carrier, or parcel service. Products are generally shipped to each customer's main warehouses for redistribution within its network or to dealers for further resale. In addition to utilizing our dealer networks, our specialty vehicle products that are ordered through SuperATV websites may be shipped directly to customers. In certain circumstances, at the request of a customer, we ship directly to that customer's warehouses, stores, or other locations, either via smaller direct ship orders or consolidated store orders that are cross-docked.
Remanufacturing and Recycling Parts
Certain products we sell contain parts that can be recycled, or as more commonly referred to in our industry, remanufactured. We refer to the used product that is ultimately remanufactured as core. A used core is remanufactured and sold to the customer as a replacement for a unit on a vehicle. Customers and end-users that purchase a remanufactured replacement part will generally return the used core to us, which we then use in the remanufacturing process to make another finished good. Our core inventory consists of used cores purchased and held in our facilities, used cores that are in the process of being returned from our customers and end-users, and remanufactured cores held in finished goods inventory at our facilities. Our products that utilize cores include electronic control modules and complex mechatronics. We believe our remanufactured parts offer end-users an economical and safe way to maintain their cars on the road, while also reducing the impact on the environment.
Competition
The motor vehicle aftermarket industry is highly competitive on factors including price, product quality, breadth of product line, range of applications, and customer service. Substantially all our products are subject to competition with similar products offered by other providers. Some of these competitors are divisions and subsidiaries of companies much larger than ours that possess a longer history of operations and greater financial and other resources than we do. We also face competition from OE manufacturers who sell through their dealerships many of the same replacement parts that we sell, although these manufacturers generally sell parts only for vehicles they produce. Some of our current or former suppliers may compete with us by supplying directly to our customers. Further, some of our private label customers also compete with us. For more information on risks relating to our competition, see ITEM 1A, “Risk Factors – Risks Related to Our Business – Our Industry, Operations and Competition.”
Seasonality
Our business can be affected by weather conditions. Extremely hot or cold weather generally results in an increase in parts failure at an accelerated rate, which generally leads to an increase in our sales for the duration of the extreme weather event. 
Patents, Trademarks, and Other Intellectual Property
We own patents important to our business, and we expect to continue to file patent applications to protect our research and development investments in new products.
As of December 31, 2024, we held 127 patents and 94 pending patent applications worldwide. In addition, we hold numerous trademarks in the United States and other countries. We also have licenses to intellectual property for the manufacture, use, and sale of certain of our products.
We obtain patent and other intellectual property rights used in connection with our business when practicable and when we deem it appropriate. Historically, we have done so organically, through commercial relationships, or in connection with acquisitions.
7
For more information concerning the risks related to patents, trademarks, and other intellectual property, see ITEM 1A, "Risk Factors – Risks Related to Our Business – Our Intellectual Property and Information Security.”
Product Safety & Regulatory Affairs
Our products and the vehicles in which they are used may be subject to safety laws and regulations promulgated by federal, state/provincial, and local governments around the world. For example, the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (“NHTSA”) has federal oversight over product safety issues related to automobiles in the United States, and the Consumer Product Safety Commission (“CPSC”) has federal oversight over product safety issues related to off-road vehicles. While we are currently managing compliance with these various regulatory schemes and standards, changes in the regulatory climate in any of the jurisdictions where we operate could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. For a more detailed discussion of these risks, please see ITEM 1A, "Risk Factors – Risks Related to Our Business – Product Development, Acceptance, and Quality and Regulations.”
Human Capital Resources
General
As of December 31, 2024, we had 3,787 employees worldwide, substantially all of whom were employed full-time. Our employees are categorized by various functions. “Operations” consists of employees engaged in production, product distribution, and inventory quality control. “Product Development” includes employees involved in product development and purchasing. “Quality and Engineering” consists of employees involved in internal and external quality management, manufacturing, engineering, design, and testing. “Sales” includes employees employed in sales and customer service. “Administration” includes executive officers and individuals employed in finance, legal, information technology, human resources, and other functions supporting our business. The following table shows employees by function and region.
December 31, 2024
U.S.
Non-U.S.
Total
Operations
2,604
232
2,836
Product Development
210
1
211
Quality and Engineering
176
79
255
Sales
265
14
279
Administration
197
9
206
Total Employees
3,452
335
3,787
None of our global employees is covered by a collective bargaining agreement. We consider our relations with our employees to be generally good.
Health and Safety
We maintain a safety culture grounded on the premise of eliminating workplace incidents, risks, and hazards. We have created and implemented processes to help eliminate safety events and reduce their frequency and severity. We also review and monitor our safety performance closely. We have adopted an environmental, health, and safety policy outlining our commitment to policies and practices that support the health and safety of our employees, contractors, and the community, and the protection of the environment in the communities where we operate. We also maintain a human rights policy for the organization outlining our commitment to operating with respect for human rights.
Culture of Contribution
We refer to our employees as “Contributors” because we are a team of innovators, collaborators, and problem-solvers working toward meaningful and mutual goals. We believe our reputation as a leader in the motor vehicle aftermarket industry can be attributed to, among other things, the diverse viewpoints and life experiences of our valued workforce. We empower and celebrate new ideas throughout our organization because new ideas are integral to our product development process and our evolution as a company. Investing in 
8
our Contributors and promoting an environment where they feel valued and empowered is an essential part of our culture. We believe developing talented, successful people helps drive the long-term performance of our business.
Talent and Development
Our talent strategy is focused on attracting the best talent, developing their skill sets and experiences, and rewarding their performance. We focus significant attention on attracting and retaining talented and experienced individuals to manage and support our operations, and our leadership team routinely reviews employee turnover rates at various levels of the organization. Leadership also participates in a robust annual talent review and succession planning process. In addition, leadership reviews employee engagement surveys to monitor employee morale and receive feedback on a variety of issues.
Compensation
We pay our employees competitively and offer a broad range of company-paid benefits, which we believe are competitive with others in our industry and in the geographies in which we compete for talent. We conduct an executive compensation benchmarking review annually to help ensure we are providing market-based compensation, including base salary, and short-term and long-term incentives. We also participate in annual compensation surveys for all positions and strive to compensate our top talent and key roles competitively. Moreover, our equity awards are designed to promote retention of key employees by utilizing vesting schedules that are time-based as well as vesting conditions that are performance-based and tied to the achievement of the Company’s long-term goals.
For information on risks relating to our human capital resources, see ITEM 1A, “Risk Factors – General Risk Factors – Losing the services of our executive officers or other highly qualified and experienced employees, or failing to attract and retain any of such officers or employees, could adversely affect our business.”
Available Information
Our Internet address is dormanproducts.com. The information on the website is not and should not be considered part of this Form 10-K and is not incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K. The website is, and is only intended to be, for reference purposes only. We make available free of charge on or through our website our Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). In addition, we will provide, at no cost, paper or electronic copies of our reports and other filings made with the SEC. Requests should be directed to: Attention: Secretary, Dorman Products, Inc., 3400 East Walnut Street, Colmar, Pennsylvania 18915.