ITEM 7.
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
31
ITEM 7A.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk
40
ITEM 8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
40
ITEM 9.
Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
67
ITEM 9A.
Controls and Procedures
67
ITEM 9B.
Other Information
70
ITEM 9C.
Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections
70
PART III
ITEM 10.
Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
71
ITEM 11.
Executive Compensation
71
ITEM 12.
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters
71
ITEM 13.
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
72
ITEM 14.
Principal Accounting Fees and Services
72
PART IV
ITEM 15.
Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules
73
ITEM 16.
Form 10-K Summary
73
As used herein, unless the context otherwise requires, “Dorman,” “the Company,” “we,” “us,” or “our” refers to Dorman Products, Inc. and its subsidiaries.
This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains the registered and unregistered trademarks or service marks that are the property of Dorman Products, Inc. and/or its affiliates. This Annual Report on Form 10-K also may contain additional trade names, trademarks or service marks belonging to other companies. We do not intend our use or display of other parties’ trademarks, trade names or service marks to imply, and such use or display should not be construed to imply, a relationship with, or endorsement or sponsorship of us by these parties.
Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
Certain statements in this document constitute “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements related to net sales, diluted earnings per share, gross profit, gross margin, selling, general and administrative expenses, income tax expense, income before income taxes, net income, segment income from operations, cash and cash equivalents, indebtedness, liquidity, the Company’s share repurchase program, the Company’s outlook, the Company’s growth opportunities and future business prospects, operational costs and productivity initiatives, inflation, interest rates, customs duties and tariffs, long-term value, acquisitions and acquisition opportunities, investments, cost offsets, quarterly fluctuations, new product development, customer concessions, and fluctuations in foreign currency. Words such as “may,” “believe,” “demonstrate,” “expect,” “estimate,” “forecast,” “project,” “plan,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “should,” “will” and “likely” and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements. However, the absence of these words does not mean the statements are not forward-looking. In addition, statements that are not historical should also be considered forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on those forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date the statement was made. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations that involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors (many of which are outside of our control) which may cause actual events to be materially different from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those anticipated, estimated or projected. For information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the information contained in this report, reference is made to the information in PART I, ITEM 1A, “Risk Factors.” The Company is under no obligation to (and expressly disclaims any such obligation to) update any of the information in this report if any forward-looking statement later turns out to be inaccurate whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
1
PART I