Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including “Security breaches, cyberattacks or other cyber-risks of our IT and production systems could expose us to significant liability and cause our business and reputation to suffer and harm our competitive position.”
Governance
Our 
board of directors
 addresses our cybersecurity risk management as part of its general oversight function. The technology committee is responsible for overseeing our cybersecurity risk management processes, including oversight and mitigation of risks from cybersecurity threats. The technology committee meets quarterly with members of management, including our CISO, Chief Information Officer ("CIO"), Chief Technology Officer or VP of Cybersecurity Engineering, as applicable, to discuss cybersecurity developments, significant cybersecurity threats and risks and the processes we have implemented to address them. The audit committee also receives presentations related to cybersecurity threats, risk and mitigation on a semi-annual basis unless more frequent discussions are necessary. The board of directors also receives a presentation from our CISO or CIO on our cybersecurity measures and risks at least annually.
Our cybersecurity risk assessment and management processes are implemented and maintained by our 
CISO
. 
Guy Shamilov, our CISO for the last eight years, has been a chief information security officer for nine years and is certified by Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP), among other technical certifications he holds with respect to cybersecurity. He has worked over the last twenty years in the security industry, and prior to working with us, he was CISO of Tata Consultancy Services, Deputy Chief Information Security Officer of Traiana, Information Security Manager of Logic Industries, Senior Information Security Specialist of Migdal Group and Information Security and System Administrator at Matrix. Our CISO oversees the implementation and compliance of our information security standards and mitigation of information security related risks.
Our CISO is responsible for hiring appropriate personnel, helping to integrate cybersecurity risk considerations into our overall risk management strategy and communicating key priorities to relevant personnel. Our CISO is responsible for approving budgets, helping prepare for cybersecurity incidents, approving cybersecurity processes and reviewing security assessments and other security-related reports.

Our cybersecurity incident response plan is designed to escalate certain cybersecurity incidents to members of management depending on the circumstances, including Security Management, the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, the General Counsel, the CIO and other senior members of the Company. Such individuals work with our incident response team to help us assess, mitigate and remediate cybersecurity incidents of which they are notified. In addition, our incident response plan includes reporting to the technology committee of the board of directors for certain cybersecurity incidents.