Item  1.
Business
We were incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on November 3, 2004 and commenced operations on January 1, 2005. Our principal offices are located at 1250 Broadway, 28th Floor, New York, NY 10001. For convenience in this report, the terms “Company,” “Varonis,” “we” and “us” may be used to refer to Varonis Systems, Inc. and/or its subsidiaries, except where indicated otherwise. Our telephone number is (877) 292-8767.
Overview

Varonis is a leader in data security as, since we started operations in 2005, we recognized that an enterprise's capacity to create and share data far exceeded its capacity to protect it. We believed that rapid data growth combined with increasing information dependence would change the global economy and the risk profiles of all organizations - from corporations to governmental agencies. Our focus has been on using innovation to address the cyber-implications of these trends, creating software that provides new ways to track, alert and protect data wherever it is stored. 
Data continues to grow in new and existing data stores both in the cloud and on-premises, a trend we have seen accelerate as companies worldwide undergo waves of digital transformation and artificial intelligence ("AI") initiatives that have significantly impacted how they must approach data security. While the significant increase of software-as-service (“SaaS”) and infrastructure-as-service (“IaaS”) usage has accelerated workforce collaboration and information technology ("IT") operations, it has also created unprecedented data sprawl and complexity that have contributed to a growing number of catastrophic data breaches. 
We believe the adoption of generative artificial intelligence (“Gen AI”) tools will dramatically compound data growth and introduce new data security challenges that can only be addressed with automation. Gen AI-powered productivity features, commonly called “copilots,” are now embedded within applications such as Microsoft 365, Salesforce, Google Workspace, and Box. These tools typically leverage existing data security controls to determine which sensitive information can be used by AI; if an organization’s data security controls are not optimized, they face an increased risk of unintentional data exposure and potential abuse by malicious actors. As organizations customize AI agents (such as Microsoft Copilot Studio and Salesforce Agentforce) and train their own large language models ("LLMs"), we believe additional challenges around the security of training data, models and the underlying infrastructure will require automated solutions.
In addition to data growth, companies face an environment where threat actors continue to refine their strategies to monetize sensitive data and the risk of substantial fines for noncompliance with data-centric regulations continues to grow. At the same time, organizations are seeing a global scarcity of in-house technical expertise, as the demand for cybersecurity professionals significantly outpaces supply, and IT and security experts are under pressure to solve growing problems with fewer resources. We believe that these trends provide us with a long-term opportunity to fulfill our mission of protecting sensitive data for our customers and alleviating the resource pressure and skills shortage that companies face through our automation capabilities and Managed Data Detection and Response ("MDDR") offering.
Enterprises now use many different combinations of data stores and applications, making it difficult to holistically visualize, quantify and control data breach risk without a unified data security platform. We believe our offering's comprehensive data coverage and automation allows organizations to keep pace with the relentless data growth, sprawl and complexity. We started in 2005 with coverage for Windows file shares. Today, we offer coverage for most mission-critical cloud and on-premises data stores, cloud infrastructure environments, identity repositories and many critical SaaS applications. In 2022, we announced the availability of our flagship Varonis Data Security Platform as a SaaS, which offers simpler deployment, faster time-to-value, and groundbreaking automation capabilities that help customers prevent data breaches. Since that time, we have seen SaaS deployments grow significantly and expect them to continue to increase through 2025, when we believe our transition to a SaaS delivery model to be complete.
Varonis software enables enterprises of all sizes and industries to protect data stored in the cloud and on-premises, including: sensitive files, emails and databases; confidential personal data belonging to customers, patients and employees; financial records; source code, strategic and product plans; and other intellectual property. Recognizing the challenge of protecting data with growing volume, velocity and variety, we have built an integrated platform to simplify and streamline data security, threat detection and response and data privacy and compliance.

The Varonis Data Security Platform helps enterprises protect data against cyberattacks from both external and internal threats. Our technology enables enterprises to analyze data, application and account activity and user behavior to help detect and prevent attacks. Varonis prevents or limits unauthorized use of sensitive information, detects and prevents potential 
1
cyberattacks and limits potential damage by automatically locking down data, allowing access to only those who need it, and automating the removal of stale data when it is no longer useful. 
The Varonis Data Security Platform is driven by a proprietary technology, our Metadata Framework, that extracts critical metadata, or data about data, from an enterprise’s IT infrastructure. Our platform uses this contextual information to map functional relationships among employees, data objects, systems, content and usage. In doing so, our platform provides real-time intelligence about an enterprise’s massive volumes of data, making it more secure, accessible and manageable. 

We believe that the (i) Varonis Data Security Platform technology, (ii) coverage for most mission-critical cloud and on-premises data stores and cloud infrastructure environments, identity repositories and many critical SaaS applications and (iii) technical experts within the Company who continue to expand and improve our offering are our primary, hard to replicate competitive advantages. The strength of our solution is driven by several proprietary technologies and methodologies that we have developed, coupled with how we have combined them into our highly versatile platform. Our belief in our technological advantage stems from having developed a way to do each of the following:

•
analyze the relationships between users and data with sophisticated algorithms, including cluster analyses and machine learning;
•
visualize and depict the analyses in an intuitive manner, including simulating contemplated changes and automatically executing tasks that are becoming increasingly more complex for IT and business personnel;
•
identify and automatically classify data as sensitive, critical, private or regulated, to help organizations ensure compliance with regulations, including the General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR") and the California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA");
•
automate remediation of excessive access to sensitive information across large data stores and cloud applications to safely ensure a Zero Trust or least privilege model;
•
profile users, devices and data to detect suspicious account behavior and unusual file and email activity using deep analysis of metadata, machine learning and user behavior analytics; 
•
profile cloud configurations and interconnectivity to identify potential exposure and abuse;
•
generate meaningful, actionable alerts when security-related incidents are detected; 
•
enable security teams to investigate and respond to cyber threats more quickly and conclusively with the help of Gen AI;
•
automatically respond to severe incidents, such as ransomware, to limit the potential impact and reduce recovery times;
•
provide customers live updates to our platform, which address the rapidly evolving threats they face;
•
determine relevant metadata and security information to capture without impacting the enterprise's computing and network infrastructure;
•
modify and enrich that metadata in a way that makes it comparable and analyzable despite it having originated from disparate IT systems, and create supplemental metadata, as needed, when the existing IT infrastructure’s activity logs are insufficient;
•
decipher the key functional relationships of metadata, the underlying data, and its creators; and
•
use those functional relationships to create a graphical depiction, or map, of the data that will endure as enterprises continuously add large volumes of data to their network and storage resources.
The broad applicability of our technology has resulted in our customers deploying our software for numerous use cases. These use cases include: automatic discovery and classification of high-risk, sensitive data; data security posture management; SaaS security posture management; automated remediation of over-exposed data; centralized visibility and risk analysis of enterprise data and monitoring of user behavior and file activity; security monitoring and risk reduction; data breach, insider threat, malware and ransomware detection with MDDR; automatic response to ransomware and other severe incidents to limit exposure and reduce recovery times; data ownership identification, assignment, and automatic involvement; forensics, reporting 
2
and auditing with searchable logs; meeting security policy and compliance regulation; automatic data migration; cloud migration; automation of retention and disposition policies; automatic data quarantine; intelligent archiving; and automated indexing for data subject requests related to privacy and compliance requirements.
We sell substantially all our products and services to channel partners, including distributors and resellers, which sell to end-user customers, whom we refer to in this report as our customers. Our products are also available to trial and purchase via the Azure Marketplace, AWS Marketplace, and Salesforce AppExchange. We believe that our sales model, which combines the leverage of a channel sales model with our highly trained and professional sales force, has and will continue to play a major role in our ability to grow and successfully deliver our unique value proposition for securing enterprise data. While our products serve customers of all sizes, across all industries and all geographies, the marketing focus and majority of our sales focus is on targeting larger organizations who can make sizable initial purchases with us and, over time, have a greater potential lifetime value. Our customers span leading firms in the financial services, public, healthcare, industrial, insurance, energy and utilities, technology, consumer and retail, education and construction and engineering sectors. We believe our existing customer base is a strong source of future incremental revenues given our broad platform of products, the growing volumes and complexity of their enterprise data and the associated security concerns.
Size of Our Market Opportunity 
The International Data Corporation’s Global DataSphere Forecast, 2024-2028, predicts that over the next five years, data will reach approximately 394 zettabytes (or 394 trillion Gigabytes) by 2028, representing a nearly 10x increase compared to 2018. That data will include both structured and unstructured data, but unstructured data overwhelmingly dominates, accounting for approximately 90% of the data created each year. We expect this significant growth to continue creating a need for automation technologies to protect and manage data. We believe that the diverse coverage and functionality offered by our platform positions us well to capitalize on this powerful trend in the digital universe. 

Our Technology

Our proprietary technology extracts critical information about an enterprise’s data and its supporting infrastructure, and uses this contextual information, or metadata, to create a functional map of an enterprise’s data and underlying file systems. Our Metadata Framework technology has been architected to process large volumes of enterprise data and related metadata at a massive scale with minimal demands on the existing IT infrastructure. At the end of 2022, Varonis announced the availability of our flagship Varonis Data Security Platform as a SaaS. The benefits of SaaS delivery are widely established for both customers and providers, and we believe this evolution of a SaaS delivery option for the Varonis Data Security Platform is transformational for several reasons: customers are able to more quickly and easily deploy and maintain our solutions with reduced infrastructure and personnel requirements; a lower total cost of ownership; faster deployment of risk assessments, which is the core of our sales motion; enhanced threat detection; continual threat model updates; increased automation for securing data in place; and the ability to deliver additional features and functionality to customers more efficiently. In addition, our MDDR offering further reduces both the likelihood of a breach and its potential impact by enabling automated 24x7x365 monitoring with a service level agreement ("SLA") that ensures Varonis will respond to alerts within a specified time frame. Our MDDR offering is only available for our SaaS customers because of the automation and visibility that’s built into our SaaS platform.
On November 14, 2023, we announced an expansion of our AI and machine learning capabilities with the launch of Athena AI, a new Gen AI layer within the Varonis Data Security Platform. The initial functionality provided by Athena AI includes (i) an AI-powered security operations center (SOC) analyst that combines LLMs with Varonis' unique context about an organization's data, identities, devices and previous alerts to instantly generate tailored alert response playbooks and recommendations and (ii) a natural language search interface that lets users run reports, perform risk analysis and conduct security investigations without any domain-specific knowledge or product expertise.

Key Benefits of Our Technology
We believe our transition to SaaS enhances many of the benefits described below and allows us to deliver additional benefits to customers that our cloud technology unlocks. Varonis has better visibility into customer usage, issues, and behaviors that better inform our innovation; customers seamlessly benefit from continual threat model updates that help them stay ahead of evolving threats; and the SaaS model allows us to deliver additional features and functionality to customers more efficiently. 
Automated Data Security
3
Comprehensive Solution for Managing and Protecting Enterprise Data.
 Our products enable a broad range of functionality, including AI security, data governance, least privilege and Zero Trust, as well as intelligent retention. Moreover, our solution is applicable across most major enterprise data stores, cloud infrastructure environments and SaaS applications (Windows, UNIX/Linux, Intranets, email systems, Microsoft 365, including SharePoint Online, Teams and OneDrive for Business, Salesforce, AWS, Azure, Google Cloud, Google Workspace, Databricks, ServiceNow, Snowflake, Slack, GitHub, Okta, Box, Jira, Zoom and databases).

Actionable Insight and Automation. 
Our products help customers identify and prioritize risks to their data and automatically remediate exposures so that they are less vulnerable to internal and external threats, more compliant and consistently follow a least privilege model. Because of the complexity present in even modest enterprises, we believe that effective remediation is impossible at scale without intelligent automation.
Visibility and Data Monitoring Capabilities All in One Place. 
Our solution combines analysis from disparate on-premises and cloud stores, applications and infrastructure environments and presents them in a single view, even as data storage and user access become more dispersed and complex in hybrid environments. 

Fast Time-to-Value and Low Total Cost of Ownership.
 Our solutions do not require custom implementations or long deployment cycles. Our software can be deployed in under an hour and allows customers to realize real value with minimal effort. Our SaaS architecture enables customers to protect petabyte-scale data environments with little to no infrastructure costs and by leveraging our automation capabilities and MDDR service, customers can significantly reduce their personnel expenses.

Ease of Use.
 While we utilize complex data structures and algorithms in our data engine, we abstract that complexity to provide a sleek, intuitive interface. Our software is accessible through a standard web browser and requires limited training, saving time and cost and making it accessible to a broader set of users. 
Highly Scalable and Flexible Data Engine.
 Our metadata analysis technology is built to be highly scalable, allowing our customers to analyze vast amounts of enterprise data. Moreover, our proprietary platform is built with a flexible, modern cloud architecture, allowing customers to expand their data coverage seamlessly and transparently without impacting performance.
Threat Detection and Response
Threat Detection and Response with User, Data and System Context.
 Our solutions combine classification and data access governance with User and Entity Behavior Analytics ("UEBA") on data stores, cloud applications, identity repositories and perimeter devices, including Domain Name System ("DNS"), Virtual Private Network ("VPN") and web proxy, for accurate detection and risk reduction. Our solutions reduce risk relating to unauthorized use and cyberattacks and reduce incident time to detection (TTD) and time to resolution (TTR).
Protect Data from Insider Threats, Data Breaches, Malware and Cyberattacks.
 Our solutions analyze how employee accounts, service accounts and admin accounts use and access data, profile employees’ roles and file contents, baseline “normal” behavior patterns, and alert on significant deviations from profiled behaviors. Our customers can detect advanced persistent threats ("APTs"), cybercriminals, rogue insiders, attackers that have compromised internal systems and employee accounts, malware, ransomware and other significant threats.
Managed Data Detection and Response. 
Under a SaaS delivery model, the Varonis incident response and forensics teams can review, triage, and proactively notify customers of any incidents that require their attention. Because Varonis centrally monitors a wide array of customer environments, we can spot patterns across tenants and take action to prevent data breaches and analyze our security team's actions to continually extend our automated capabilities. In 2023, we introduced Proactive Incident Response, a complementary service included in customers' Varonis SaaS subscription. We expanded upon this offering in early 2024 by introducing MDDR, which gives customers the option to upgrade to 24x7x365 monitoring with a SLA that requires Varonis to respond to alerts within a specified time frame.
Compliance 
Discover and Identify Regulated Data.
 Our solutions automatically discover, identify and classify sensitive, critical and regulated data to help meet privacy and compliance requirements.
Monitor and Detect Security Vulnerabilities. 
Our solutions analyze, monitor, detect and report on potential security vulnerabilities: helping companies achieve compliance by creating full audit trails, achieving a least privilege model and locking down sensitive data to only those who need it, and facilitating breach notification and security investigations. By 
4
ensuring the least privilege, monitoring all access and alerting on potential misuse, Varonis enables privacy by design on data stores containing sensitive and regulated information.
Fulfill Data Subject Access Requests ("DSARs") and Protect Consumer Data.
 Our solutions help fulfill DSARs from file systems on-premises and in the cloud. Customers can easily find relevant files, pinpoint who has access and enforce policies to move and quarantine regulated data.
Our Growth Strategy 

Our objective is to be the primary vendor that enterprises turn to protect their data. The following are key elements of our growth strategy.
Extend Our Technological Capabilities Through Innovation and Strategic Transactions. 
We intend to increase, in absolute dollars, our current level of investment in product development to enhance existing products to address new use cases and continue to deliver new products, including through acquisitions. We believe that the flexibility, sophistication and broad applicability of our platform will allow us to use this framework as the core of numerous future products built on our same core technology. Our ability to leverage our research and development resources has enabled us to create a new product development engine that we believe can proactively identify and solve enterprise needs and help us further penetrate and grow our markets. We will continue to seek additional opportunities to extend our technological capabilities and grow our business, from continued organic investments in our research and development efforts to technological acquisitions.

Grow Our Customer Base.
 The unabated rise in enterprise data, ubiquitous reliance on digital collaboration and increased cybersecurity concerns continue to drive demand for data protection, compliance and threat detection and response solutions. We intend to capitalize on this demand by targeting new customers, underpenetrated markets and use cases for our solutions. Our solutions address the needs of customers of all sizes, ranging from small and medium-sized businesses to large multinational companies with hundreds of thousands of employees and petabytes of data. Although our solutions apply to organizations of all sizes, we have and will continue focusing on targeting larger organizations that can make larger purchases with us initially and over time.

Increase Sales to Existing Customers.
 We believe significant opportunities exist to further expand relationships with existing customers. Data growth and related security concerns continue across all data stores, and enterprises want to standardize solutions that help them manage, protect and extract more value from their data, wherever it is stored. We expect to continue to drive incremental sales from our existing customers through the increased use of our software within our installed base by expanding our footprint and usage. We believe our existing customer base is a strong source of future incremental revenues given our broad product functionality, the growing volume and complexity of enterprise data and the associated security concerns. As we continue to innovate by addressing more use cases, adding more data coverage, and providing automated data security outcomes to customers, we expect to see broader and stickier adoption of our platform. In addition, our transition to a SaaS delivery model provides us with a unique opportunity to convert existing customers to our SaaS offering. Our renewal rate for the year ended December 31, 2024 continued to be over 90%. Our key strategies to ensure a high renewal rate for our products include focusing on the quality and reliability of our customer service and support teams and providing software upgrades and enhancements when available.
Grow Sales from Our New Products and Functionality.
 We continue introducing additional products and enhancements to existing products to support new functionalities and believe these can also be a meaningful contributor to our growth. In October 2020, we announced the acquisition of Polyrize Security Ltd. ("Polyrize"), whose technology was used for the launch of DatAdvantage Cloud which provides support for cloud applications and infrastructure, including Salesforce, AWS, Azure, Google Cloud, Google Workspace, Databricks, ServiceNow, Snowflake, Slack, GitHub, Okta, Box, Jira, Zoom and databases. At the end of 2022, we announced the availability of our flagship Varonis Data Security Platform as a SaaS, which was previously only sold as a self-hosted solution. Additionally, in 2024 we began offering MDDR to our SaaS customers, which further reduces both the likelihood of a breach and its potential impact by enabling automated 24x7x365 monitoring with a SLA that requires Varonis to respond to alerts within a specified time frame. 

Expand Our Sales Force.
 Continuing to expand our sales force will be essential to achieving our customer base expansion goals. Our approach to in-house development of sales representatives has been key to our successful growth in the past and will be central to our growth plan in the future. While our products serve customers of all sizes, across all industries and all geographies, the marketing focus and majority of our sales focus is on targeting larger organizations who can make sizable initial purchases with us and, over time, generate a greater potential lifetime value. Our customers span leading firms in the financial services, public, healthcare, industrial, insurance, energy and utilities, technology, consumer and retail, education and construction and engineering sectors. We also believe our existing customers represent significant future revenue opportunities for us. We believe that our sales model, which combines the leverage of a channel sales model with our highly trained and 
5
professional sales force to efficiently identify leads, perform risk assessments and convert them to satisfied customers, has and will continue to play a major role in our ability to grow and to successfully deliver our unique value proposition for enterprise data.

Establish Our Data Security Platform as the Industry Standard.
 We have worked with several of the leading providers of NAS and hybrid cloud storage, including Dell/EMC, IBM and NetApp, as well as the major cloud service providers such as Microsoft, Amazon, Google and Salesforce to expand our market reach and deliver enhanced functionality to our customers. We have worked with these vendors to ensure compatibility with their product lines. Using application programming interfaces (APIs), and other integration work, our solutions also integrate with many providers of solutions in the ecosystem. We will continue to pursue such collaborations wherever they advance our strategic goals, thereby expanding our reach and establishing our platform as the de facto industry standard for enterprise data.

Continue International Expansion.
 We believe there is a significant opportunity for our platform to address the need for data protection and threat detection and response in international markets. Revenues from Europe, the Middle East and Africa (“EMEA") accounted for 21% and revenues from Rest of World (“ROW”) accounted for 6% of our revenues in 2024. We believe that international expansion will be a key component of our growth strategy, and we will continue to invest and market our products and services overseas.
Our Products

With the introduction of our flagship Varonis Data Security Platform as a SaaS, we are transitioning away from selling on-premises subscription licenses. Our SaaS offering is sold as a platform license, providing the functionality of multiple core modules in a single license. Our on-premises subscription licenses, on the other hand, offers an array of modules that customers can purchase individually or as a bundle.
Software-as-a-Service ("SaaS")
Our SaaS product portfolio currently includes two product lines: (1) our flagship Varonis Data Security Platform, which protects Microsoft 365, Windows file shares, Active Directory, Edge devices (VPN, DNS, proxy), UNIX/Linux and hybrid NAS storage, and (2) DatAdvantage Cloud, which protects IaaS environments and SaaS applications such as Salesforce, AWS, Azure, Google Cloud, Google Workspace, Databricks, ServiceNow, Snowflake, Slack, GitHub, Okta and Box, Jira, Zoom and databases.
•
Varonis Data Security Platform
. The success of our license bundles under the on-premises subscription ("OPS") model demonstrated that customers want to utilize and benefit from the majority of Varonis’ core functionality from the start. We know that customers who utilize a higher number of licenses see more value upfront through automation and synergy between modules. Therefore, we drastically simplified our subscription licensing under SaaS, combining five of our most popular licenses into a single Varonis Data Security Platform license. The Varonis Data Security Platform SaaS license will include, by default, the functionality of five core modules: DatAdvantage, DatAlert, Automation Engine, Data Classification Engine and Data Classification Policy Pack. We will no longer refer to these licenses by name; rather, they will be considered built-in functionality of the Varonis Data Security Platform SaaS license. In addition to the functionality mentioned above, the Varonis Data Security Platform SaaS license includes new capabilities not available in our self-hosted product suite. Today, the Varonis Data Security Platform SaaS license includes: 
◦
Data security posture management ("DSPM")
. Provides customers with real-time visibility of their data security posture across their multi-cloud and on-premises data, helps prioritize remediation efforts, and tracks progress over time.
◦
Data access intelligence
. Combines data sensitivity, permissions, and activity to show customers who has access to critical data (i.e., their data blast radius), how they got access, and whether access is necessary.
◦
Data discovery & classification
. Automatically and continuously scans the contents of files, folders, and other objects to determine sensitivity with a high degree of accuracy and precision. 
◦
Discovery policy library
. A frequently updated library for identifying and classifying personal information specific to GDPR, CCPA, and US federal controlled unclassified information (CUI).
6
◦
Least privilege automation
. Automatically and continuously remediates excessive data access granted via shared links, direct permissions, and group memberships without manual effort and without impacting business continuity.
◦
Data activity monitoring
. Gives customers a real-time view into who is accessing data directly or through AI (such as copilots) via a normalized and enriched log of data-centric events such as create, open, read, move, modify, and delete. Varonis also tracks, among other things, permission changes, authentication events, password updates and shared link activity.
◦
Data detection and response
. Provides high-fidelity, data-centric alerts and automated response actions. Includes a web-based alerts dashboard and investigative interface, and seamlessly integrates with security information and event management systems (SIEM).
◦
User & entity behavior analytics
. Profiles users and devices and their associated behaviors with respect to systems and data, detects and alerts on meaningful deviations that indicate compromise. New UEBA threat models are automatically delivered to customers to guard against evolving tactics used by cybercriminals, insiders and advanced persistent threats (APTs).
Varonis Data Security Platform SaaS customers can decide which data stores, applications, and infrastructure environments they want to protect by purchasing “Protection Packages.” Our SaaS platform supports every resource covered by our self-hosted version, and we believe our SaaS architecture will allow us to move quickly to add support for new resources. Additionally, SaaS customers can purchase MDDR which further reduces both the likelihood of a breach and its potential impact by enabling automated 24x7x365 monitoring with a SLA that requires Varonis to respond to alerts within a specified time frame. 
The Protection Packages currently available for the Varonis Data Security Platform SaaS are:
◦
Microsoft 365
. Includes support for SharePoint Online, OneDrive for Business, Microsoft Teams, and Entra ID (formerly known as Azure AD). Customers can purchase add-on support for Exchange Online and Microsoft 365 Copilot.
◦
Windows & NAS
. Includes support for Windows/CIFS-based file shares and NAS storage such as Nutanix, Nasuni, Panzura, Pure Storage, NetApp and Dell EMC. Customers can purchase add-on support for on-premises Active Directory, UNIX/Linux and Edge devices (VPN, DNS, proxy).
◦
Hybrid
. Combined support for the protected resources in the Microsoft 365 and Windows & NAS packages.
•
Varonis DatAdvantage Cloud. 
DatAdvantage Cloud is a SaaS platform that helps organizations protect data across SaaS applications and IaaS environments. DatAdvantage Cloud offers functionality similar to our flagship Varonis Data Security Platform including, but not limited to, data security posture management, SaaS security posture management, data classification, data access intelligence, data activity monitoring, data detection and response, and least privilege automation. The protected resources currently available for DatAdvantage Cloud are Salesforce, AWS, Azure, Google Cloud, Google Worskpace, Databricks, ServiceNow, Snowflake, Slack, GitHub, Okta, Box, Jira, Zoom and databases.
On-Premises Subscription
Our self-hosted product licenses utilize our core technology to deliver features and functionality that allow enterprises to fully understand, secure and benefit from the value of their data. This architecture gives our clients the ability to select the features they require for their business needs and the flexibility to expand their usage simply by adding a license, and the fully integrated nature of our products allows individual products to enhanc
e the functionality of the others. 

•
DatAdvantage.
 DatAdvantage, our flagship product, captures, aggregates, normalizes and analyzes every data access event for every user on Windows and UNIX/Linux servers, storage devices, email systems, Intranet servers, cloud applications and data stores, without requiring native operating system auditing functionalities or impacting performance or storage on file systems. 
7
•
DatAlert.
 DatAlert profiles users and devices and their associated behaviors with respect to systems and data, detects and alerts on meaningful deviations that indicate compromise and seamlessly integrates with security information and event management systems (SIEM). 
•
Data Classification Engine.
 Data Classification Engine identifies and tags data based on criteria set in multiple metadata dimensions and provides business and IT personnel with actionable intelligence about this data. 
•
DataPrivilege.
 DataPrivilege provides a self-service web portal that allows users to request access to data necessary for their business functions and allows owners to review accessibility.
•
Data Transport Engine.
 Data Transport Engine provides an execution engine that unifies the manipulation of data and metadata, translating business decisions and instructions into commands, such as data migration or archiving. 
•
DatAnswers.
 DatAnswers provides a secure, relevant and timely search functionality for enterprise data and helps companies comply with data privacy regulations, eDiscovery requests and to facilitate data subject access requests.
Our Customers

We currently have customers in over 95 countries. Our customers span numerous industries and vary greatly in size, ranging from small and medium businesses to large multinational enterprises and government agencies. Our customers include leading firms in the financial services, public, healthcare, industrial, insurance, energy and utilities, technology, consumer and retail, education and construction and engineering sectors, with hundreds of thousands of employees and petabytes of data.

Services

Maintenance and Support of Subscription and Perpetual Licenses 

Maintenance and support associated with a term license subscription is included in the Term license subscriptions revenue line of the statement of operations. Maintenance and support associated with past perpetual licenses is included in the Maintenance and services line of the statement of operations. These maintenance agreements provide customers the right to receive support and unspecified upgrades and enhancements when and if they become available during the maintenance period and access to our technical support services. Our renewal rate for 2024 continued to be over 90%. Due to the transition to a SaaS delivery model, we expect maintenance and support revenues related to term license subscriptions to continue to decline. Additionally, we do not expect perpetual license revenues in the future and, accordingly, we expect the associated maintenance and support to continue to decline.

We maintain a customer support organization that provides all levels of support to our customers. Our customers that purchase maintenance and support services receive guaranteed response times, direct telephonic support and access to online support portals. Our customer support organization has global capabilities with expertise in both our software and complex IT environments and associated third-party infrastructure.

Professional Services

While users can easily deploy our software on their own, certain enterprises use our professional service team to provide fee-based services, which include training our customers in the use of our products, providing advice on network design, product configuration and implementation, automating and customizing reports and tuning policies and configuration of our products for the particular characteristics of the customer’s environment. Although professional services have always been a small percentage of our total revenues, we have recently seen, and expect to continue to see, that percentage decline as many of our newer licenses can provide remediation in more automated ways.

Sales and Marketing

Sales

We sell substantially all of our products and services to a global network of resellers and distributors that we refer to as our channel partners. Our channel partners, in turn, sell the products they purchase from us to customers. In addition, we maintain a highly trained professional sales force that is responsible for overall market development, including the management of the relationships with our channel partners and supporting channel partners in winning customers through operating demonstrations and risk assessments. Our channel partners identify potential sales targets, maintain relationships with 
8
customers and introduce new products to existing customers. Sales to our channel partners are generally subject to our standard, non-exclusive channel partner agreement. These agreements are generally for a term of one year with an automatic renewal of successive one-year periods and can be terminated by us or the channel partner for any reason upon 30 days’ notice. A termination of the agreement has no effect on orders already placed. Payment to us from the channel partner is typically due within 30 to 60 calendar days of the invoice date.
Marketing

Our marketing strategy focuses on building our brand and product awareness, increasing customer adoption and demand, communicating advantages and business benefits as well as generating leads for our channel partners and sales force. We market our software as the Varonis Data Security Platform, a solution for securing and managing enterprise data. We execute our marketing strategy by leveraging a combination of internal marketing professionals, external marketing partners and a network of regional and global channel partners. Our marketing organization is responsible for branding, content creation, demand generation, field marketing and product marketing, and works with our business operations team to support channel marketing and sales support programs. We provide one-on-one and community education and awareness and promote the expanded use of our software. We host in-person or virtual Varonis Connect! customer events across sales regions, as well as free, online technical webinars across multiple regions. We focus our efforts on highly relevant content, events, campaigns and activities that can be leveraged by our channel partners worldwide to extend our marketing reach, such as information regarding product awards and technical certifications, security training, regional seminars and conferences, webinars, podcasts and various other demand-generation activities. Our marketing efforts also include public relations across multiple regions, industry analyst relations, customer marketing, account-based marketing, targeted advertising, extensive content development available through our website and content syndication, and our active blog.

Research and Development

Our research and development efforts are focused primarily on improving and enhancing our existing products, as well as expanding our platform to cover new sources of data and developing new products. Use of our products has expanded beyond just data security into threat detection and response, data privacy and data lifecycle management, and we anticipate that customer demand and innovation will drive functionality into additional areas. We regularly release updates to our products which incorporate new features and enhancements to existing ones. We conduct the majority of our research and development activities in Israel, and we believe this provides us with access to world-class engineering talent. In addition, we continue to seek opportunities to extend our technological capabilities and grow our business from strategic technological acquisitions.

Intellectual Property

We attempt to protect our technology and the related intellectual property under patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws, confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions. No single intellectual property right is solely responsible for protecting our products. The nature and extent of legal protection of our intellectual property rights depends on, among other things, its type and the jurisdiction in which it arises. As of December 31, 2024, we had 89 issued patents and 31 pending patent applications in the United States. Our issued U.S. patents expire between 2025 and 2042. We also had 76 patents issued and 34 applications pending for examination in non-U.S. jurisdictions, and 18 pending Patent Cooperation Treaty (“PCT”) patent applications, all of which are counterparts of our U.S. patent applications. The claims for which we have sought patent protection relate primarily to inventions we have developed for incorporation into our products.

In addition to patented technology, we rely on our unpatented proprietary technology and trade secrets. We generally enter into confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants, service providers, vendors and customers and generally limit internal and external access to, and distribution of, our proprietary information and proprietary technology through certain procedural safeguards. We also rely on invention assignment agreements with our employees, consultants and others, to assign to the Company all inventions developed by such individuals in the course of their engagement with the Company.
Moreover, we have registered the “Varonis” name and logo and “DatAdvantage,” “DataPrivilege,” “DatAlert,” and other names in the United States and, as related to some of these names, certain other countries. 
In addition to Company-owned intellectual property, we license software from third parties for integration into our solution, including open-source software and other software available on commercially reasonable terms. It may be necessary in the future to seek or renew licenses relating to various aspects of our products, processes and services. While we have generally been able to obtain such licenses on commercially reasonable terms in the past, such third parties may not continue to maintain such software or continue to make it available to us. 

9
Seasonality

See Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Seasonality and Quarterly Trends.”
Competition

While there are some companies which offer features similar to those embedded in our platform, we believe that we do not currently compete with a company that offers comparable depth of functionality, scalability, or support for the number of data stores, applications and infrastructure environments that we cover. Nevertheless, we do compete against a select group of software vendors when the scope of a purchase is limited to a specific use case, such as DSPM, data discovery and classification, data privacy, data migration, data subject access requests and/or Active Directory security. 
As we continue to augment our functionality with AI security, insider threat detection and user behavior analytics and as we expand our classification capabilities to better serve compliance needs with new regulations, and as these functionalities continue to be recognized as critical to protect enterprise data, we may face increased perceived and real competition from other data security and privacy technologies. In the future, as customer requirements evolve and new technologies are introduced, we may experience increased competition if established or emerging companies develop solutions that address the enterprise data market. Furthermore, because we operate in an evolving market, we anticipate that competition will increase based on customer demand for these types of products.

A number of factors influence our ability to compete in the markets in which we operate, including, without limitation: the continued reliability and effectiveness of our products’ functionalities; the breadth and completeness of our solutions’ features; the scalability of our solutions; and the ease of deployment and use of our products. We believe that we generally compete favorably in each of these categories. We also believe that we distinguish ourselves from others by delivering an integrated solution and sophisticated automation to address our customers’ needs regarding data security, threat detection and response, data privacy and retention. However, we may not be able to remain unique in this capacity or continue to be able to compete favorably with other providers in the future.

If a more established company were to target our market, we may face significant competition. They may have competitive advantages, such as greater name recognition, larger sales, marketing, research and acquisition resources, access to larger customer bases and channel partners, a longer operating history and lower cloud labor and development costs, all of which may enable them to respond more quickly to new or emerging technologies and changes in customer requirements or to devote greater resources to the development, promotion and sale of their products than we do. Increased competition could result in us failing to attract customers or maintain renewals and licenses at the same rate. It could also lead to price cuts, alternative pricing structures or the introduction of products available for free or a nominal price, reduced gross margins, longer sales cycles and loss of market share.

In addition, our current or prospective channel partners may establish cooperative relationships with any future competitors. These relationships may allow future competitors to rapidly gain significant market share. Such developments could also limit our ability to generate revenues from existing and new customers. If we are unable to compete successfully against current and future competitors, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be harmed.

Employees and Human Capital Resources

As of December 31, 2024, we had 2,406 employees and independent contractors who developed, marketed, sold and supported our technology solutions, including 1,081 in the United States, 844 in Israel and 481 in other countries.
We understand that our innovation leadership is ultimately rooted in our people. Competition for qualified personnel in the technology space is intense, and our success depends in large part on our ability to recruit, develop and retain a productive and engaged workforce. Accordingly, investing in our employees and their well-being, offering competitive compensation and benefits, promoting diversity and inclusion, adopting effective human capital management practices and community outreach constitute core elements of our corporate strategy.
•
Offer Competitive Compensation and Benefits
. We strive to ensure that our employees receive competitive and fair compensation and innovative benefit offerings, tying incentive compensation to both business and individual performance, offering competitive maternal and paternal leave policies, providing meaningful retirement and health benefits and maintaining an employee stock purchase plan. 
10
•
Support Employee Well-being and Engagement
. We support the overall well-being of our employees from a physical, emotional, financial and social perspective. Our global well-being programs include a long-standing practice of remote working arrangements, flexible paid time off, life planning benefits, wellness platforms and employee assistance. In addition, we ensure ongoing check-ins with employees by HR and managers to provide additional channels of support. We also regularly seek input from employees, including through broad employee satisfaction and pulse surveys on specific issues, intended to assess our degree of success in promoting an environment where employees are engaged, satisfied, productive and possess a strong understanding of our business goals.
•
Promote Sense of Belonging
. We conduct code of conduct trainings with employees and managers to share our views on the importance of respecting all individuals and creating a culture where everyone feels they belong. We have Employee Resource Groups, led by our employees, designed to foster connection, understanding and support. Our customers are located in over 95 countries and our global workforce operates across cultures, functions, language barriers and time zones to provide them dedicated and ongoing support.
•
Provide Programs for Employee Recognition
. We offer rewards and recognition programs to our employees, including awards to recognize employees who best exemplify our values and spot awards to recognize employee contributions. We believe that these recognition programs help drive strong employee performance. We conduct semi-annual employee performance reviews, where each employee is evaluated by their personal manager and also conducts a self-assessment, a process which empowers our employees. Employee performance is assessed based on a variety of key performance metrics, including the achievement of objectives specific to the employee’s department or role. Employees have access to an internal platform to recognize their peers based on their professional and socially responsible contributions to the Company.
•
Create Opportunities for Growth and Development
. We focus on creating opportunities for employee growth, development, training and education, including opportunities to cultivate talent and identify candidates for new roles from within the company, as well as management and leadership development programs. Employee training and education includes online certification, in person certification and new hire training bootcamps. We also conduct manager training programs on an annual basis, which include in-depth managerial and coaching skills, as well as tailored feedback. We have established an internal mentoring program in which seasoned employees mentor new managers based on defined goals. 
•
Promote Community Outreach and Support
. We believe it is important to give back and promote community outreach and support through corporate giving and employee volunteerism in the communities in which we live and work. We partner with several organizations providing life skills trainings, coding and basic IT skills, financial literacy and more. All programs are led by our employees on a volunteering basis. We also provide corporate matching of employee charitable donations and flexible volunteering during work time, letting our employees know that we support the charitable efforts that matter to them. 
Available Information

Our website is located at www.varonis.com, and our investor relations website is located at https://ir.varonis.com. The information posted on our website is not incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to reports filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Exchange Act are available free of charge on our investor relations website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC"). You may also access all of our public filings through the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. 

Investors and other interested parties should note that we use our media and investor relations website and our social media channels to publish important information about us, including information that may be deemed material to investors. We encourage investors and other interested parties to review the information we may publish through our media and investor relations website and the social media channels listed on our media and investor relations website, in addition to our SEC filings, press releases, conference calls and webcasts.
11