Item 3. Legal Proceedings
The information presented in the "Legal Proceedings" section of "Note 21 - Commitments and Contingencies" in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements is incorporated herein by reference. 
Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures
Not applicable.
33
PART II
Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
Common Stock
As of February 3, 2025, the Corporation had 182.2 million shares of $2.50 par value common stock outstanding held by approximately 48,603 holders of record. The closing price per share of the Corporation's common stock on February 25, 2025 was $19.57. The common stock of the Corporation is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol "FULT".
Restrictions on the Payments of Dividends
The Corporation is a separate and distinct legal entity from its banking and nonbanking subsidiaries and depends on the payment of dividends from its subsidiaries, principally Fulton Bank, for substantially all of its revenues. As a result, the Corporation's ability to make dividend payments on its common stock depends primarily on compliance with applicable federal regulatory requirements and the receipt of dividends and other distributions from its subsidiaries. There are various regulatory and prudential supervisory restrictions, which may change from time to time, that impact the ability of its banking subsidiary to pay dividends or make other payments to the Corporation. In addition, dividends on the Corporation's common stock may not be declared, paid or set aside for payment unless the full dividends for the immediately preceding dividend payment period for the Corporation's Fixed Rate Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A have been declared and paid or declared and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof has been set aside. For additional information regarding the regulatory restrictions applicable to the Corporation and its subsidiaries, see "Supervision and Regulation," in "