Item 1A. Risk Factors” for additional information about the risks to our business associated with a breach or compromise to our IT systems.
Cybersecurity Program Governance
Our cybersecurity program is led by our 
Vice President of Information Services, North America
, who reports directly to our CFO and oversees the dedicated team responsible for executing our cybersecurity strategy, including the primary assessment and management of cybersecurity risks. Our cybersecurity leadership team also includes our Director, Technology Risk and Cybersecurity, our Senior Director, Strategic Planning, our Senior Director, North American Solution Delivery and our Senior Director, Enterprise Technology.
 The 
Board
 receives quarterly updates on material security incidents (if applicable), detection, monitoring, security culture scores, and other key initiatives and notable events from our cybersecurity leadership team.
To facilitate effective management, our cybersecurity leadership team holds regular discussions with our dedicated cybersecurity team on cybersecurity risks, threat intelligence, incident trends, security audits, and the effectiveness of our training and testing. Our cybersecurity leadership team convenes regularly to review and monitor programs designed to prevent and detect cybersecurity threats and mitigate and remediate cybersecurity incidents. Our cybersecurity leadership team also receives comprehensive reports on security incidents, threat intelligence, and vulnerability assessments from our cybersecurity team.
Our cybersecurity leadership team is made up of highly experienced professionals with an extensive background in information security, risk management, and incident response. This background includes more than 50 years of collective experience in infrastructure, cybersecurity and telecommunications. In addition to having the requisite training, knowledge, skills and abilities required for their respective positions, the cybersecurity leadership team collectively holds various relevant U.S. and Canadian information security certifications. The cybersecurity leadership team is supported by a dedicated team of skilled cybersecurity professionals, each bringing diverse expertise in areas such as network security, data protection, and threat intelligence.