Item 1. Business
Overview
The Corporation was incorporated under the 
Business Corporations Act 
(British Columbia) on February 22, 2011 under the name “Midas Gold Corp.” The Corporation changed its name to “Perpetua Resources Corp.” on February 15, 2021.
The Corporation’s head office is located at Suite 201 – 405 South 8
th
 Street, Boise, Idaho, U.S.A. 83702 and its registered and records office is located at Suite 1008 – 550 Burrard Street, Vancouver, British Columbia V6C 2B5.
The Corporation is a development-stage company engaged in acquiring mining properties with the intention of exploring, evaluating and placing them into production, if warranted. Currently, its principal business is the exploration and, if warranted and subject to receipt of required permitting, redevelopment, restoration and operation of the Stibnite Gold Project in Idaho, USA. The Corporation is currently undertaking an extensive permitting process for redevelopment and restoration of the Project.
Mineral exploration and development are expected to constitute the principal business of the Corporation for the coming years. In the course of realizing its objectives, it is expected the Corporation may enter into various agreements specific to the mining industry, such as purchase or option agreements to purchase mining claims and/or joint venture agreements.
The Corporation’s principal mineral project is the Stibnite Gold Project, which contains several gold, silver and antimony mineral deposits. The Corporation’s current focus is to explore, evaluate and potentially redevelop three of the Deposits known as the Hangar Flats Deposit, West End Deposit and Yellow Pine Deposit, all of which are located within the Stibnite Gold Project, as well as reprocess certain historical tailings located on the Project. These development activities would be undertaken in conjunction with a major restoration program designed to address legacy impacts related to historical mining activities in the Project area.
The Corporation’s subsidiaries’ property holdings at the Stibnite Gold Project are comprised of a contiguous package of unpatented federal lode claims, unpatented federal mill sites, patented lode mining claims and patented mill sites. As of December 31, 2024, this land position encompassed approximately 11,548 hectares held in 1,674 unpatented lode claims and mill sites and patented land holdings. A subsidiary of the Corporation acquired these rights through a combination of purchases and transactions and staking under the 1872 Mining Law and holds a portion under an option agreement. Bureau of Land Management claim rental payments and filings are current as of the date of this filing and the claims are all held in good standing. Normal maintenance and upkeep of the Project infrastructure continued during the year.
5

Table of Contents
Corporate Structure
The following chart shows the intra-corporate relationships between the Corporation and its subsidiaries. Perpetua Resources Idaho, Inc. (“PRII”) has no ownership interest in the Stibnite Gold Project; rather, it is the designated operating entity of the Corporation and manages the activities on the Project site. The property holding entity, Idaho Gold Resources Company, LLC (“IGRCLLC”), is the surviving entity in a merger with Stibnite Gold Company (“SGC”), effective June 3, 2021, and is managed pursuant to an operating agreement with PRII. PRII and IGRCLLC are wholly owned by the Corporation.
​
IGRCLLC holds title to the Yellow Pine, Hangar Flats, and West End Deposits, all of the patented mill sites and all of the unpatented federal lode mining claims and unpatented mill sites.
Permitting and Environmental Matters
Perpetua Resources is focused on the exploration and mining of the Stibnite Gold Project (the “Project”), the reclamation of prior deposits and historical tailings, and the restoration of the area to address historical activities and legacy contamination. Our project is, therefore, subject to numerous environmental regulations, including federal, state, and local laws.
Significantly, we are subject to formal review under the National Environmental Policy Act (“NEPA”) and extensive permitting requirements. In 2016, the United States Forest Service (“USFS” or the “Forest Service”) began its formal review of the Stibnite Gold Project under NEPA. The Forest Service completed scoping in 2017 and subsequently pursuant to the NEPA process, the USFS and cooperating agencies undertook extensive review of our project and proposed actions through a Draft Environmental Impact Statement (“DEIS”), released by the USFS in August 2020. In response to public and agency feedback on the DEIS, Perpetua Resources proposed modifications to the mine plan analyzed in DEIS Alternative 2 to include reduction of the project footprint, improvements in water quality, and lower water temperatures. Perpetua Resources submitted a refined proposed action to the USFS in December 2020 (the “Modified Mine Plan”).
The USFS then prepared a Supplemental Draft Environmental Impact Statement (“SDEIS”) to further evaluate the project refinements and compare the Company’s proposed site access via Burntlog Route to an alternative option using current roads. After nearly two years of review, the SDEIS was published on October 28, 2022 for a 75-day public comment period. The USFS identified the Modified Mine Plan as the Preferred Alternative and concluded that it would reasonably accomplish the purpose and need for consideration of approval of the Stibnite Gold Project, while giving consideration to environmental, economic, and technical factors. 
On September 6, 2024, the USFS published the Final Environmental Impact Statement (“FEIS”) and a Draft Record of Decision (“DROD”) for the Stibnite Gold Project. The FEIS analyzes the potential environmental effects (including benefits) of the mining and reclamation activities proposed as part of the Stibnite Gold Project. The DROD outlined the USFS’s proposed decision to authorize the Modified Mine Plan and to approve a special use authorization for transmission line upgrades and installation of a new power transmission line with supporting infrastructure.
6

Table of Contents
On January 3, 2025, the USFS published the Final Record of Decision (the “ROD”) and FEIS Errata authorizing the Modified Mine Plan. Per the requirements of the FEIS and ROD, numerous plans comprising the suite of Environmental Monitoring and Management Plans are in process and will incorporate Project updates as well as required financial assurance, mitigation measures, environmental protection measures and design features. This will include preparation of a Final Mine Plan of Operations.
The Company’s Clean Water Act (“CWA”) Section 404 permit application, proposed Compensatory Mitigation Plan, and associated financial assurance remain under review by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (the “Army Corps.”) after the public comment period ended in October 2023. The Army Corps has been a part of the review process as a cooperating agency since the Company began the federal NEPA permitting process and has been formally evaluating the Section 404 permit application and proposed Compensatory Mitigation Plan since 2023. The Section 404 permit is the last remaining federal permit required to be issued prior to a construction decision. Perpetua expects the permit to be issued in the first half of 2025.
The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service issued its Final Biological Opinion on September 6, 2024 and the National Marine Fisheries Service issued its Final Biological Opinion on October 7, 2024 (collectively, the “Final Biological Opinions”). These Final Biological Opinions imposed certain requirements on the Project that are incorporated into the USFS ROD.
The Company has filed applications for certain state permits and other approvals required from various agencies of the State of Idaho. These applications and approvals are at various stages of the process required under Idaho law and include applications and plans submitted to the Idaho Department of Environmental Quality (“IDEQ”) for an air Permit to Construct, Idaho Pollutant Discharge Elimination System discharge permits and a cyanidation facility permit, to the Idaho Department of Water Resources (“IDWR”) for permanent mine closure and financial assurance, and to IDWR for a stream alteration permit. See 
Item 7, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Ancillary Permitting Update,
 below.
With the receipt of the ROD, the Corporation is currently focused on advancing the Project towards a construction decision, including finalizing the remaining federal and state permits and securing project financing. 
To address historical legacy impacts at the site of the Stibnite Gold Project, Perpetua Resources has voluntarily entered into an Administrative Settlement Agreement and Order on Consent (“ASAOC”) pursuant to CERCLA with the United States Environmental Protection Agency (the “U.S. EPA”) and the United States Department of Agriculture (“USDA”). Finalized on January 15, 2021, the ASAOC provides for a number of time-critical removal actions (early response actions referred to as “Phase 1” in the ASAOC) designed to improve water quality in several areas of the site. Upon signing of the ASAOC, the aggregate cost of the Phase 1 obligation was estimated to be approximately $7,473,805. In 2021, 2022, 2023, and 2024 the total cost estimate to voluntarily address environmental conditions increased to $19,185,438 due to scope changes, inflation and higher fuel prices. As of December 31, 2024, Perpetua Resources determined it had completed all Phase 1 response actions required by the ASAOC and filed Removal Action Completion Reports (“RACR”) with the U.S. EPA and USDA with respect to such completion. Pursuant to the terms of the ASAOC, the two federal agencies are reviewing Perpetua Resources’ RACR to ascertain whether they agree that the required Phase 1 activities are complete. The ASAOC includes a process under which the Company and the signatory federal agencies will evaluate whether the Company will proceed with additional response actions after the Phase 1 work has been certified by the federal agencies as complete. The scope of any such potential additional actions and their costs have not yet been determined. See also Notes 8 and 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Our Project is subject to ongoing litigation and could face further litigious challenges in the future. Following the USFS’ publication of the ROD authorizing the mine plan for the Project, claims were filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of Idaho against the USFS and other federal agencies on February 18, 2025 by a number of claimants, including Save the South Fork Salmon and the Idaho Conservation League, alleging violations of NEPA and other federal laws in the regulatory review process. Among other remedies, the claimants seek to vacate the ROD, FEIS, the Final Biological Opinions and Project approvals and to enjoin any further implementation of the Project. PRII has filed a motion with the court to intervene in this lawsuit. While the Company believes the federal regulatory processes resulting in the issuance of the FEIS, ROD, and other approvals and documentation were conducted thoroughly and completely by the relevant federal regulatory agencies, there can be no assurance that the ROD, FEIS, and other Project approvals will be upheld upon judicial review. See 
Item 1A, Risk Factors
, below. 
7

Table of Contents
Government and Environmental Regulations
Mining operations and exploration activities are subject to extensive national, state, and local laws and regulations in the United States, which govern prospecting, development, mining, production, exports, taxes, labor standards, occupational health, waste disposal, protection of the environment, mine safety, hazardous substances, disclosure requirements and other matters. The Corporation plans to obtain the licenses, permits or other authorizations currently required to conduct its exploration or development programs, and it believes it is currently in material compliance with governing mining, health, safety and environmental statutes and regulations in the United States and Idaho. Except as otherwise noted herein, we are not subject to any orders or directions with respect to the foregoing laws and regulations. For a more detailed discussion of the various government laws and regulations applicable to our operations and potential negative effects of these laws and regulations, see 
Item 1A, Risk Factors
, below.
Our operations are also subject to numerous environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate. These laws and regulations may require us to take precautions with respect to threatened, endangered, or otherwise protected species and their habitats as well as other natural, historical, and cultural resources, perform environmental assessments or impact statements, implement siting and operational programs or best practices to minimize environmental impacts from our operations, perform investigatory and remedial obligations, and obtain federal, state, and local permits, licenses, or other approvals. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations may result in the imposition of significant fines or penalties. Additionally, we could experience significant opposition from third parties to our application for such permits or during the administrative agency review and appeal process after the issuance of such permits. Delays, denials of, or challenges to permits, or the imposition of costly and difficult to comply with conditions, may impair the development of our Project or curtail our planned operations. The following provides a summary of the more significant environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations which our operations are subject to and for which compliance with may have a material adverse impact on our business. 
National Environmental Policy Act
Our Project is subject to environmental review under NEPA. This law requires federal agencies to evaluate the environmental impact of their actions that may significantly affect the quality of the human environment; such review is a prerequisite for the granting of permits or similar authorization from federal agencies for the development of certain projects. As part of the review, the federal agencies are required to consider numerous environmental impacts, which may include potential impacts on air quality, water quality, cultural resources, wildlife, geology, and aesthetics, as well as alternatives to the project. The review process can lead to significant delays in approval of such projects and the issuance of the requisite permits which, in turn, can impact both the cost and development of operations. As a result of NEPA review, agencies may seek to deny permits or other support for a project, or condition approvals on certain modifications or mitigation actions. Additionally, authorizations under NEPA are subject to litigation, protest, or appeal, which has the potential to lead to further delays.
Pursuant to NEPA, the USFS and cooperating agencies undertook extensive review of our Project and proposed actions. As a result of this review, the USFS published the FEIS and DROD with respect to the Project on September 6, 2024 and published the ROD and FEIS Errata authorizing the Modified Mine Plan for the Project on January 3, 2025. Certain parties on February 18, 2025 filed a lawsuit in the U.S. District Court for the District of Idaho alleging that the USFS and other federal agencies violated applicable laws and other requirements in issuing the ROD and FEIS and taking related regulatory actions. The litigation is ongoing, and PRII has filed a motion with the court to intervene in this lawsuit. See “
Permitting and Environmental Matters
” above.
Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act

The site upon which our Project is located has significant legacy contamination from previous mining operations by companies not related to Perpetua. CERCLA can impose joint and several liability, without regard to fault or legality of conduct, on classes of persons who are statutorily responsible for the release of hazardous substances into the environment. These persons include current owners or operators of a site where a release has occurred. Under CERCLA, such current owners or operators may be subject to strict, joint and several liability for the entire cost of cleaning up hazardous substances and for other expenditures, such as response costs and damage to natural resources. Idaho also has environmental cleanup laws analogous to CERCLA. 
Voluntary cleanup actions can be undertaken pursuant to settlement agreements under CERCLA. We entered into an ASAOC with the U.S. EPA and the USDA in 2021 to conduct a number of time critical removal actions focused on improving water quality in several areas of the site. The Company filed RACR with the U.S. EPA and USDA advising the agencies that the Company believes it has completed all work required under Phase 1 of the ASAOC. The federal agencies are currently reviewing the RACR. See “
Permitting and Environmental Matters
” above and Notes 8 and 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
8

Table of Contents
Protection of Species and Habitat
Our operations are subject to several environmental regulations and guidelines regarding various protected species and their habitats and include the federal Endangered Species Act, the Migratory Bird Treaty Act, and the Bald and Golden Eagle Protection Act, alongside similar state laws. These laws impose significant civil and criminal penalties for violations, including injunctions limiting or otherwise prohibiting operations in certain areas where protected species or their habitats are located. The imposition of such restrictions, such as seasonal limitations, may result in additional costs and delays and could impact the feasibility of our Project. 
Clean Water Act
The CWA and other similar federal and state laws and regulations may require us to obtain permits for water discharges or take mitigation actions with respect to the loss of wetlands. Additionally, such regulations require us to implement a variety of best management practices to ensure that water quality is protected and the impacts of our operations on water quality are minimized. The CWA and analogous laws and regulations provide for administrative, civil and criminal penalties for unauthorized discharges of pollutants in reportable quantities and may impose substantial potential liability for the costs of addressing such discharges. The Nez Perce Tribe in 2019 filed a lawsuit against the Company in the U.S. District Court for the District of Idaho alleging violations of the CWA due to, among other things, exceedances of applicable water quality standards in certain water bodies in the vicinity of the Project site. The Company entered into a settlement of this litigation with the Nez Perce Tribe in 2023. See