Item 2. Properties.
Summary Disclosure
The Company has only one material mining property, the Stibnite Gold Project, a formerly abandoned, brownfield mine site in rural Idaho, USA. We hold the Stibnite Gold Project through our wholly owned subsidiary Idaho Gold Resources Company, LLC.
On January 3, 2025, the USFS issued the ROD approving the Modified Mine Plan for the Project. With receipt of the ROD, the Company is currently focused on advancing the Project towards a construction decision, including finalizing the remaining federal and state permits and securing project financing. The Modified Mine Plan, approved by the USFS in the ROD, contemplates mining the Yellow Pine, Hangar Flats and West End Deposits using conventional open pit methods, conventional processing methods to extract gold, silver and antimony, and on-site production of gold (“Au”) and silver (“Ag”) doré and an antimony (“Sb”) concentrate. Additionally, the USFS-approved Modified Mine Plan provides for an extensive reclamation and restoration program for certain historical legacy impacts to the site including the recovery and reprocessing of historical tailings, restoration of fish passage during and after operations, relocation of historical mining wastes to engineered storage facilities, stream restoration, and reforestation of impacted areas. Some environmental work has been completed under the ASAOC, which is designed to improve water quality on the Project site. Approvals from the U.S. EPA and USDA may be required with respect to environmental work at the Site, including both activities pursuant to the mine plan approved in the ROD and work not currently included in the Project. The Modified Mine Plan, approved by the USFS in the ROD, includes plans for decommissioning the site include progressive and concurrent remediation, reclamation, and restoration activities, beginning at the start of construction and continuing beyond the operations phase, through Project reclamation and closure.
Technical Report Summary
The disclosures in this 
Item 2, Properties
 regarding Perpetua Resources’ 100% interest in the Stibnite Gold Project have been prepared in accordance with the mining property disclosure rules specified in S-K 1300. Except for subsequent events or as otherwise 
32

Table of Contents
noted, the disclosure in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of a scientific or technical nature for the Stibnite Gold Project is derived from, and in some instances is an extract from, the Technical Report Summary, dated as of December 31, 2021, and amended as of June 6, 2022 (the “Technical Report Summary” or “TRS”).
The TRS summarizes, as of December 31, 2021, in accordance with the mining property disclosure rules specified in S-K 1300, the information presented in the technical report titled “Stibnite Gold Project, Feasibility Study Technical Report, Valley County, Idaho” dated effective December 22, 2020 and issued January 27, 2021, which was prepared in accordance with mining property disclosure standards set forth in NI 43-101 (the “2020 Feasibility Study”). The TRS was filed by the Company on Form 8-K on EDGAR on June 8, 2022, and is included as Exhibit 96.1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The 2020 Feasibility Study was filed on SEDAR on January 28, 2021 and is available on the Corporation’s website. The 2020 Feasibility Study is not incorporated by reference herein.
On February 13, 2025, the Corporation released an updated cash flow model for the Project, which is included as Exhibit 99.1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the “Financial Update”) and incorporated by reference herein. The Financial Update was prepared by the Company and is based, in part, on the basic engineering work completed by Ausenco Engineering USA South Inc. (“Ausenco”), and with contributions from other mining engineers and consultants, utilities and financial advisors. It is intended to be read as a supplemental financial update to the cash flow forecast included in the TRS. The Financial Update, using the scientific and technical information presented in the TRS, reflects the progression of the Project plan to a Basic Engineering level and applies fourth quarter 2024 cost estimates for construction and operations, consistent with the Basic Engineering analysis, as well as commodity pricing that is current as of December 31, 2024. This advancement in engineering planning resulted in minor improvements and adjustments to certain infrastructure designs, equipment selection and processing designs, none of which resulted in a material change to the scientific and technical information presented in the TRS. Christopher Dail, the Qualified Person with respect to the Financial Update, determined that neither the Financial Update nor the Basic Engineering work resulted in a modification to the mineral reserves or resources presented in the TRS, and did not modify any of the assumptions underlying the modifying factors, price estimates, and scientific and technical information underlying the mineral reserves and resource estimates or the determination that the Project is financially viable. The information contained in the Financial Update is subject to the assumptions, exclusions and qualifications set forth in the Financial Update included as an exhibit to this Annual Report, as well as those contained in the TRS, except to the extent explicitly updated therein.
You should read the TRS and Financial Update as part of your review of the information in this