ITEM 1. BUSINESS
Except as expressly indicated or unless the context otherwise requires, the “Company,” “Avis Budget,” “we,” “our” or “us” means Avis Budget Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries. Unless the context requires otherwise, these references and references to our brands do not include the operations of our licensees, as further discussed below.
OVERVIEW
We are a leading global provider of mobility solutions through our three most recognized brands, Avis, Budget and Zipcar, as well as several other brands, well recognized in their respective markets. Our brands offer a range of options, from car and truck rental to car sharing. We license the use of the Avis, Budget, Zipcar and other brands’ trademarks to licensees in areas in which we do not operate directly. We and our licensees operate our brands in approximately 180 countries throughout the world. We generally maintain a leading share of airport car rental revenues in North America, Europe and Australasia, and we operate a leading car sharing network and one of the leading commercial truck rental businesses in the United States. We believe the range of options from our diversified brands enjoy complementary demand patterns with mid-week commercial demand balanced by weekend leisure demand.
On average, our global rental fleet totaled approximately 695,000 vehicles in 2024. We completed over 38 million vehicle rental transactions worldwide and generated total revenues of approximately $11.8 billion during 2024. Our brands and mobility solutions have an extended global reach with approximately 10,250 rental locations throughout the world, including approximately 3,800 locations operated by our licensees.
We categorize our operations into two reportable business segments: 
•
Americas - 
consisting primarily of (i) vehicle rental operations in North America, South America, Central America and the Caribbean, (ii) car sharing operations in certain of these markets, and (iii) licensees in certain areas in which we do not operate directly.
•
International - 
consisting primarily of (i) vehicle rental operations in Europe, the Middle East, Africa, Asia and Australasia, (ii) car sharing operations in certain of these markets, and (iii) licensees in certain areas in which we do not operate directly. 
Additional discussion of our reportable segments is included in Part II, Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and in Note 21 – Segment Information to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
OUR STRATEGY
For 2025, we expect our strategy to focus on transforming key parts of our business through technology, system enhancements and data, particularly with respect to customer experience, revenue generation and costs. We believe this strategy, together with a change in fourth quarter 2024 in our fleet strategy to accelerate certain fleet rotations (as discussed in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” set forth in Part II, Item 7), will continue to strengthen our Company, maximize profitability, and deliver stakeholder value. With respect to customer experience, our aim will continue to be to deliver a superior customer journey. For revenue, we will focus on optimizing mix and marketing, and for costs, we plan to implement centers of excellence and develop new tools and capabilities to increase margin.
4
Table of Contents

OUR BRANDS AND OPERATIONS
OUR BRANDS
Our Avis, Budget and Zipcar brands are three of the most recognized brands in our industry. We believe that each of our brands is positioned to be embraced by different target customers, and we see benefits and savings from our brands sharing some of the same facilities, systems, and administrative infrastructure. In addition, we are able to recognize benefits as a result of complementary demand patterns with commercial rentals occurring primarily on business days and leisure rentals occurring primarily on holidays and weekends. We also operate the Payless and Apex brands in the value segment of the car rental industry. In addition, we further extend our offerings through our AmicoBlu, Maggiore, and Morini Rent brands in Italy; FranceCars brand in France, ACL Hire and McNicoll Hire brands in the UK; and Turiscar and Turisprime brands in Portugal.
The following graphs present the approximate composition of our revenues in 2024.

*     Includes Budget Truck.
**     Includes Zipcar and other operating brands.
The Avis brand provides high-quality vehicle rental and other mobility solutions at price points generally above non-branded and value-branded vehicle rental companies and serves the premium commercial and leisure segments of the travel industry. 
In 2024, our Company-operated Avis locations generated total revenues of approximately $6.8 billion. The following graphs present the approximate composition of our Avis revenues in 2024.
We also license the Avis brand to independent commercial owners who operate approximately half of our locations worldwide and generally pay royalty fees to us based on a percentage of applicable revenues. In 2024, these royalty fees totaled approximately 1% of our Avis revenues. 
5
Table of Contents

We operate or license Avis vehicle rental locations at virtually all of the largest commercial airports and cities in the world. The table below presents the approximate number of Avis locations as of December 31, 2024.
Avis Locations
*
Americas
International
Total
Company-operated locations
2,075 
970 
3,045 
Licensee locations
430 
1,635 
2,065 
Total Avis Locations
2,505 
2,605 
5,110 
*     Certain locations support multiple brands.
We offer Avis customers a variety of premium services, including:
•
the Avis mobile application, which allows customers a unique and innovative way to control many elements of their rental experience via their mobile devices without the need to visit the rental counter. In many United States locations, the application also allows customers to choose, exchange or upgrade their vehicles upon arrival and utilize a unique code to exit via our automated 
Express Exit
 for a completely contactless rental experience. The application also allows customers to track Avis shuttle buses to rental locations, find their vehicle, and locate nearby gas stations and parking facilities;
•
Avis 
Preferred
, our frequent renter rewards program that offers counter bypass at major airport locations, as well as additional benefits at different customer status levels, such as vehicle upgrades; 
•
availability of a selection of luxury vehicles through our 
Avis Signature Series, 
as well as

premium, sport, performance and electrified vehicles;
•
access to satellite radio service, mobile WiFi devices, and GPS navigation;
•
Avis rental services such as roadside assistance, fuel service options, e-receipts, electronic toll collection services that allow customers to pay highway tolls without waiting in toll booth lines, and amenities such as 
Avis Cares
, a full range of special products and services for drivers and passengers with disabilities;
•
for our corporate customers, 
Avis Budget Group Business Intelligence
, a proprietary reporting solution that provides a centralized reporting tool and customer reporting portal for corporate clients in North America and Europe, enabling them to easily view and analyze their rental activity, allowing them to better manage their travel budgets and monitor employee compliance with applicable travel policies.
The Budget brand is a leading supplier of vehicle rental and other mobility solutions focused primarily on more value-conscious customers. 
In 2024, our Company-operated Budget vehicle rental operations generated total revenues of approximately $4.3 billion. The following graphs present the approximate composition of our Budget revenues in 2024.
6
Table of Contents

We also license the Budget brand to independent commercial owners who generally pay royalty fees to us based on a percentage of applicable revenues. In 2024, these royalty fees totaled approximately 1% of our Budget revenues. 
Car Rental
We operate or license Budget car rental locations at airports and in cities worldwide. The table below presents the approximate number of Budget car rental locations as of December 31, 2024.
Budget Locations
*
Americas
International
Total
Company-operated locations
1,425 
785 
2,210 
Licensee locations
530 
1,030 
1,560 
Total Budget Locations
1,955 
1,815 
3,770 
*     Certain locations support multiple brands.
Budget offers its customers several products and services similar to Avis, such as refueling options, roadside assistance, electronic toll collection, and other supplemental rental products, e-receipts and special rental rates for frequent renters. In addition, Budget’s 
Fastbreak 
service expedites rental service for frequent travelers and the mobile application allows customers to reserve, modify and cancel reservations on their mobile devices.

Budget Truck
Our Budget Truck rental business is one of the largest local and one-way truck and cargo van rental businesses in the United States. As of December 31, 2024, our Budget Truck fleet is comprised of approximately 22,000 vehicles that are rented through a network of approximately 400 Company-operated and 380 dealer-operated locations throughout the continental United States. These dealers are independently-owned businesses that generally operate other retail service businesses. In addition to their principal businesses, the dealers rent our light- and medium-duty trucks and commercial cargo vans to customers and are responsible for collecting payments on our behalf. The dealers receive a commission on all truck, van and ancillary equipment rentals. The Budget Truck rental business serves both the light commercial and consumer sectors. The light commercial sector consists of a wide range of businesses that rent light- to medium-duty trucks, which we define as trucks having a gross vehicle weight of less than 26,000 pounds, for a variety of commercial applications. The consumer sector consists primarily of individuals who rent trucks to move household goods on either a one-way or local basis.
Zipcar is a leading car sharing network, driven by a mission to enable simple and responsible urban living. With its wide variety of self-service vehicles available by the hour or day, Zipcar offers comprehensive, convenient and flexible car sharing options in urban areas and college campuses in hundreds of cities and towns. Zipcar provides its members on-demand, self-service vehicles in reserved parking spaces located in neighborhoods, business districts, office complexes and college campuses, as an alternative to car ownership. We continue to offer our Zipcar 
Flex
 product in London providing one-way rentals, including to and from Heathrow airport, which can be parked in public on-street parking spots in designated areas of the city.
Payless is a leading rental car supplier serving the deep-value segment of the industry, which we license or operate in approximately 285 locations worldwide, including more than 175 locations operated by licensees and approximately 110 Company-operated locations primarily located in North America, the majority of which are at or near major airports. Payless’ rental fees are often lower than those of larger, more established vehicle rental brands. The Payless business model allows us to extend the life-cycle of a portion of our rental fleet, as we “cascade” certain vehicles that exceed certain Avis and Budget age or mileage thresholds to be used by Payless.
7
Table of Contents

RESERVATIONS, MARKETING AND SALES
Reservations
Our customers can make vehicle rental reservations through our brand-specific websites and toll-free reservation centers, through our brand-specific mobile applications, online travel agencies, travel agents or through selected partners, including many major airlines, associations and retailers. Travel agents can access our reservation systems through all major global distribution systems, which provide information with respect to rental locations, vehicle availability and applicable rate structures.
Our Zipcar members can reserve vehicles through Zipcar’s reservation system, which is accessible online or on a mobile device, by the hour or day, at rates that include fuel, secondary insurance and other costs typically associated with vehicle ownership.
Marketing and Sales
We support our brands through a range of marketing channels and campaigns, including traditional media as well as digital media, including internet and email marketing, social media, streaming services, and mobile device applications. Our Avis brand campaign 
Plan On Us
 highlights the trust our customers have in us. We also market through sponsorships of major sports entities and charitable organizations. We utilize a customer relationship management system that enables us to deliver more targeted and relevant offers to customers across online and offline channels, including an expedited and contactless rental process and loyalty programs that reward frequent renters with free rental days and car class upgrades. 
We are able to reach and merchandise cars and rentals to a diverse demographic of consumers through our strategic partnerships with airlines, associations and hotel companies, and we maintain strong links to the travel industry. In addition, we have developed relationships that provide brand exposure and access to new customers, including deals to provide vehicles to ride-hail drivers in cities across North America.
In 2024, approximately 51% of vehicle rental transactions originating from Avis locations were generated by travelers who rented from Avis under contracts between Avis and their employers or through membership in an organization with which Avis has a contractual affiliation. We offer 
Avis Budget Group Business Intelligence
, an online portal complete with rental summary dashboards, visualizations and detailed reports that provides our corporate customers with insight into their program’s performance, giving them direct access to more data in a customer-facing portal offering useful data insights, including options to customize and schedule reports. Avis also maintains marketing relationships with other travel partners through which we are able to offer their customers incentives to rent from Avis.
Additionally, we offer 
Unlimited Rewards
, our loyalty incentive program for travel agents, and Avis and Budget programs for small businesses that offer discounted rates, central billing options and rental credits to members.
Our Zipcar brand utilizes a diverse set of marketing and sales strategies to acquire and engage members, including digital marketing, email and in-app messaging, and social media engagement. Zipcar maintains close relationships with universities that provide access to campuses and various marketing channels to attract students who, upon graduation, may continue their relationship with us. Through our 
Zipcar for Business
 program, we also offer direct-bill accounts and employee benefit programs to companies and governments that support the use of Zipcar vehicles. 
8
Table of Contents

LICENSING
We have licensees in approximately 175 countries throughout the world. Royalty fee revenues derived from our vehicle rental licensees in 2024 totaled $143 million, with $104 million in our International segment and $39 million in our Americas segment. Licensed locations are independently operated by our licensees and range from large operations at major airport locations and territories encompassing entire countries to relatively small operations in suburban or rural locations. Our licensees generally maintain separate independently owned and operated fleets. Royalties generated from licensing provide us with a source of high-margin revenue because there are relatively limited additional costs associated with fees paid by licensees to us. In some geographies we facilitate one-way vehicle rentals between Company-operated and licensed locations, which enables us to offer an integrated network of locations to our customers.
We generally enjoy good relationships with our licensees and meet regularly with them at regional, national and international meetings. Our relationships with our licensees are governed by license agreements that grant the licensee the right to operate independently operated vehicle rental businesses in certain territories. Our license agreements generally provide our licensees with the exclusive right to operate under one or more of our brands in their assigned territory. These agreements impose obligations on the licensee regarding its operations, and most agreements restrict the licensee’s ability to sell, transfer or assign its rights granted under the license agreement or to change the control of its ownership without our consent. 
The terms of our license agreements, including duration, royalty fees and termination provisions, vary based upon brand, territory, and original signing date. Royalty fees are generally structured to be a percentage of the licensee’s gross rental income. We maintain the right to monitor the operations of licensees and, when applicable, can declare a licensee to be in default under its license agreement. We perform audits as part of our program to assure licensee compliance with brand quality standards and contract provisions. Generally, we can terminate license agreements for certain defaults, including failure to pay royalties or to adhere to our operational standards. Upon termination of a license agreement, the licensee is prohibited from using our brand names and related marks in any business. In the United States, these license relationships constitute “franchises” under most federal and state laws regulating the offer and sale of franchises and the relationship of the parties to a franchise agreement.
We continue to optimize the Avis, Budget and Payless brands by issuing new license agreements and periodically acquiring licensees to grow our revenues and expand our global presence. Discussion of our acquisitions is included in Note 6 – Acquisitions to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
OTHER REVENUES
In addition to revenues derived from time and mileage fees from our vehicle rentals and licensee royalties, we generate revenues from our customers through the sale and/or rental of optional ancillary products and services. We offer products to customers that will enhance their rental experience, including:
•
collision and loss damage waivers, under which we agree to relieve a customer from financial responsibility arising from vehicle damage incurred during the rental;
•
additional/supplemental liability insurance or personal accident/effects insurance products which provide customers with additional protections for personal or third-party losses incurred;
•
products for driving convenience such as fuel service options, roadside assistance services, electronic toll collection services, access to satellite radio, mobile WiFi devices, GPS navigation and child safety seat rentals; and 
•
products that supplement truck rental including automobile towing equipment and other moving accessories, such as hand trucks, furniture pads and moving supplies. 
We also receive payment from our customers for certain operating expenses that we incur, including vehicle licensing fees, as well as airport concession fees that we pay in exchange for the right to operate at airports and other locations. In addition, we collect membership fees in connection with our car sharing business.
9
Table of Contents

OUR FLEET
We offer a wide variety of vehicles in our rental fleet, including luxury vehicles, electrified vehicles, specialty-use vehicles and light commercial vehicles. Our fleet consists primarily of vehicles from the current and immediately preceding model year. We maintain a single fleet of vehicles for Avis and Budget in countries where we operate both brands. A substantial majority of Zipcar’s fleet is dedicated to use by Zipcar. 
Fleet Purchases
We maintain a diverse rental fleet, in which no vehicle brand represented more than 19% of our 2024 fleet purchases, and we regularly adjust our fleet levels to be consistent with anticipated demand. We participate in a variety of vehicle purchase programs with major vehicle manufacturers. In 2024, we primarily purchased from the following vehicle brands: Toyota, Ford, Chevrolet, Kia, Volkswagen, Hyundai, Jeep, Dodge, Subaru, Honda, Volvo and Genesis.
Fleet costs represented approximately 21% of our aggregate expenses in 2024. Fleet costs can vary significantly from year to year based on the prices at which we are able to purchase and dispose of rental vehicles, the mix of risk and program vehicles, holding periods, and overall fleet mix.
In 2024, approximately 10% of our average rental fleet was comprised of vehicles subject to agreements requiring automobile manufacturers to repurchase vehicles at a specified price during a specified time period or guarantee our rate of depreciation on the vehicles during a specified period of time; or vehicles subject to operating leases with a fixed lease period and interest rate. We refer to vehicles subject to these agreements as “program” vehicles and vehicles not subject to these agreements as “risk” vehicles because we retain the risk associated with such vehicles’ residual values at the time of their disposition. Our agreements with automobile manufacturers typically require that we pay more for program vehicles and maintain them in our fleet for a minimum number of months and impose certain return conditions, including vehicle condition and mileage requirements. When we return program vehicles to the manufacturer, we receive the price guaranteed at the time of purchase and are therefore protected from fluctuations in the price of previously-owned vehicles in the wholesale market. In 2024, approximately 30% of the vehicles we disposed of were program vehicles sold pursuant to repurchase or guaranteed depreciation programs. Over the past several years, program vehicles have comprised of a decreasing proportion of our fleet. The approximate percentage of program vehicles in our average rental fleet within each of our reportable segments in 2024 was 46% for International and less than 1% for the Americas. The future percentages of program and risk vehicles in our fleet will depend on several factors, including our expectations for future used vehicle prices, our seasonal needs and the availability and attractiveness of manufacturers’ repurchase and guaranteed depreciation programs. 
Fleet Dispositions
We dispose of our risk vehicles largely through alternative disposition channels, including direct-to-consumer, online auctions, and direct-to-dealer sales, as well as through more traditional automobile auctions. Alternative disposition channels provide the opportunity to increase speed to sale and vehicle sales prices and also to reduce relevant fleet costs when compared to selling vehicles at auctions. We sell vehicles direct to consumers through our retail locations and through RubyCar, our online retail sales platform, which offers customers the ability to purchase well-maintained, late-model rental vehicles from our fleet. We dispose of our program vehicles in accordance with repurchase or guaranteed depreciation programs with major vehicle manufacturers.
Fleet Utilization
In 2024, our average quarterly vehicle rental fleet size ranged from a low of approximately 667,000 vehicles in the first quarter to a high of approximately 736,000 vehicles in the third quarter. Average quarterly fleet utilization for 2024, which is based on the number of rental days (or portion thereof) that vehicles are rented compared to the total amount of time that vehicles are available for rent, ranged from approximately 66% to 72%. Our average car rental fleet size and utilization are typically highest in the summer months. Our calculation of utilization may not be comparable to other companies’ calculation of similarly titled metrics. 
10
Table of Contents

Fleet Maintenance
We place a strong emphasis on the quality of our vehicle maintenance for customer safety and customer satisfaction reasons, and because quick and proper repairs are critical to fleet utilization. To accomplish this task, we have developed and continue to evolve specialized training programs for our technicians. Our Supply Chain Department reviews, distributes, and makes accessible original equipment manufacturer (“OEM”) technical service bulletins that can be retrieved electronically at our repair locations. In addition, we have implemented policies and procedures to promptly address manufacturer recalls as part of our ongoing maintenance and repair efforts to maximize the customer experience.
CUSTOMER SERVICE
Our commitment to delivering a consistently high level of customer service across all of our brands is a critical element of our success and business strategy. Our 
Customer Led, Service Driven
 program focuses on continually improving the overall customer experience based on our research of customer service practices, improved customer insights, executing our customer relationship management strategy, delivering customer-centric employee training and leveraging our mobile applications technology and the enriched experience it provides our customers. In addition, our social media platform allows us to engage with our customers in their preferred channel, which enables us to meet the needs of our customers while promoting our brands to gain more market share and drive customer loyalty.
The employees at our Company-operated locations are trained and empowered to resolve many customer issues at the location level. We also continuously track customer-satisfaction levels by sending location-specific surveys to recent customers and utilize detailed reports and tracking to assess and identify ways that we can improve our customer service delivery and the overall customer experience. Our location-specific surveys ask customers to evaluate their overall satisfaction with their rental experience and the likelihood that they will recommend our brands, as well as key elements of the rental experience. Results are analyzed in aggregate and by location to help further enhance our service levels to our customers.
We also offer rental options that provide greater control, self-service and contactless capabilities. While our mobile applications provide a fast customer experience, a company representative is available to meet customers’ needs. Our survey platform includes specific questions to learn more about individual preferences and find innovative ways to better serve and anticipate our customers’ needs.
AIRPORT CONCESSION AGREEMENTS
We generally operate our vehicle rental and car sharing services at airports under concession agreements with airport authorities, pursuant to which we typically make airport concession payments and/or lease payments. In general, concession fees for on-airport locations are based on a percentage of total commissionable revenues (as defined by each airport authority), often subject to minimum annual guaranteed amounts. Concessions are typically awarded by airport authorities every three to ten years based upon competitive bids. Our concession agreements with the various airport authorities generally impose certain minimum operating requirements, provide for relocation in the event of future construction and in some cases provide for abatement of the minimum annual guarantee in the event of extended low passenger volume.
11
Table of Contents

OTHER BUSINESS CONSIDERATIONS 
SEASONALITY
Our operating results are subject to variability due to seasonality, macroeconomic conditions and other factors. Car rental volumes tend to be associated with the travel industry, particularly airline passenger volumes, or enplanements, which in turn tend to reflect general economic conditions. Our operations are also seasonal, with the third quarter of the year historically having been our strongest due to the increased level of leisure travel during the quarter. We have a partially variable cost structure and routinely adjust the size, and therefore the cost, of our rental fleet in response to fluctuations in demand.
The following chart presents our quarterly revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2023 and 2024.
COMPETITION
The competitive environment for our industry is generally characterized by intense price and service competition among global, local and regional competitors. Competition in our vehicle rental operations is based primarily upon price; customer service quality, including usability of booking systems and ease of rental and return; vehicle availability; vehicle condition, age and mileage; rental locations; product innovation and national or international distribution. In addition, competition is also influenced strongly by advertising, marketing, loyalty programs and brand reputation. We believe the prominence and service reputation of our brands, extensive worldwide ownership of mobility solutions and commitment to innovation provides us with a competitive advantage.
The use of technology has increased pricing transparency among vehicle rental companies and other mobility solutions providers enabling cost-conscious customers to more easily compare on the Internet and their mobile devices the rates available for the mobility solutions that fit their needs. This transparency has further increased the prevalence and intensity of price competition in the industry. 
Our vehicle rental operations compete primarily with Enterprise Holdings, Inc., which operates the Enterprise, National and Alamo car rental brands; Hertz Global Holdings, Inc., which operates the Hertz, Dollar and Thrifty brands; Europcar Mobility Group, which operates the Europcar, Goldcar, InterRent, Buchbinder, Fox Rent A Car and Ubeeqo brands; and Sixt SE. We also compete with smaller local and regional vehicle rental companies for vehicle rental market share, and with ride-hailing companies largely for short length trips in urban areas. Our Zipcar brand also competes with various local and regional mobility companies, including mobility services sponsored by several auto manufacturers, ride-hailing and car sharing companies and other technology players in the mobility industry. Our Budget Truck operations in the United States competes with several other local, regional and nationwide truck rental companies including U-Haul International, Inc., Penske Truck Leasing Corporation, Ryder System, Inc., Enterprise Truck Rental, and Hertz Global Holdings, Inc.
12
Table of Contents

INSURANCE AND RISK MANAGEMENT
Our vehicle rental and corporate operations expose us to various types of claims for bodily injury, death and property damage related to the use of our vehicles and/or properties, as well as general employment-related matters stemming from our operations. In addition, we currently purchase insurance coverage to limit our exposure to legal fees and expenses resulting from cybersecurity breaches. We generally retain economic exposure for liability to third parties arising from vehicle rental and car sharing services in the United States, Canada and Puerto Rico in accordance with the minimum financial responsibility requirements (“MFRs”) and primacy of coverage laws of the relevant jurisdiction. In certain cases, we assume liability above applicable MFRs, up to $5 million per occurrence, other than in cases involving a negligent act on the part of the Company, for which we purchase insurance coverage for exposures beyond retained amounts from a combination of unaffiliated excess insurers. 
In Europe, we insure the risk of liability to third parties arising from vehicle rental and car sharing services in accordance with local regulatory requirements primarily through insurance policies provided by unaffiliated insurers. We retain a portion of the insured risk of liability through local deductibles, and by reinsuring certain risks through our captive insurance subsidiary AEGIS Motor Insurance Limited. AEGIS Motor Insurance Limited reinsures certain risks through unaffiliated companies, which limits its liabilities. In Australasia, motor vehicle bodily injury insurance coverage is compulsory and provided upon vehicle registration. In addition, we provide our customers with third-party property damage insurance through an unaffiliated third-party insurer. We retain a share of property damage risk through local deductibles. 
We offer our United States customers a range of optional insurance products and coverages such as supplemental liability insurance, personal accident insurance, personal effects protection, emergency sickness protection, automobile towing protection and cargo insurance, which create additional risk exposure for us. When a customer elects to purchase supplemental liability insurance or other optional insurance related products, we typically retain economic exposure to loss, since the insurance is provided by an unaffiliated insurer that is reinsuring its exposure through our captive insurance subsidiary, Constellation Reinsurance Company Limited. Additional personal accident insurance offered to our customers in Europe is provided by a third-party insurer, and primarily reinsured by our Avis Budget Europe International Reinsurance Limited subsidiary. We otherwise bear these and other risks, except to the extent that the risks are transferred through insurance or contractual arrangements. 
OUR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
We rely primarily on a combination of trademark, trade secret and copyright laws, as well as contractual provisions with employees and third parties, to establish and protect our intellectual property rights. The service marks “Avis,” “Budget,” and “Zipcar” and related marks or designs incorporating such terms and related logos and marks such as “Plan On Us,” “We Try Harder” and “Own The Trip, Not The Car,” “Preferred,” and “Fastbreak” are material to our vehicle rental and car sharing businesses. Our subsidiaries and licensees actively use these marks. All of the material marks used by Avis, Budget and Zipcar are registered (or have applications pending for registration) with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office as well as in foreign jurisdictions. Our subsidiaries own the marks and other intellectual property, including the Wizard system, used in our business. We also own trademarks and logos related to the “Apex Car Rentals” brand in Australia and New Zealand, the “Payless Car Rental” brand in the United States and several other countries, the “Maggiore” and “Morini Rent” brands in Italy, the “FranceCars” brand in France and the “Turiscar” brand in Portugal. Our subsidiaries have also filed patent applications pertaining to fleet and connected car technology in the United States and other countries.
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL & GOVERNANCE (“ESG”)
We recognize our role as one of the world’s leading mobility solutions providers. As a result, we are focused on supporting the transition to a low-carbon economy and employ practices designed to promote a more fair, just and equal workplace and community.
The Environment: 
We are committed to offering safe and low-carbon transportation solutions:
•
Greenhouse Gas Emissions: As our corporate and leisure customers become increasingly aware and concerned about pollution and congestion caused by vehicles, we aim to provide more sustainable 
13
Table of Contents

transportation solutions by leveraging connected vehicle technology and introducing more fuel efficient, low emission, and electric vehicles.
•
Sustainable Operations Improvements: We are driving the efficiencies needed to reduce our environmental impact and enhance the sustainability of our operations. These are mainly driven by improvements in vehicle preventive maintenance, the incorporation of green building practices and by complying with environmental regulations.
•
Carbon Offset Program: We work closely with our corporate customers to help them achieve their environmental impact reduction targets through our carbon offset program.
•
More Sustainable Fleet: We are actively anticipating and driving changes in mobility. Connected vehicles are likely to become a common feature worldwide, along with an increased use of electric and shared vehicles, which is why we are building on our core experience, data intelligence and technology to develop entirely new lines of business and extend our offering and capabilities for our customers, businesses and cities. Our efforts include:
◦
Car Sharing: Zipcar continually improves its car sharing technology, which includes its mobile member app, in-vehicle telematics hardware and reservation, fleet management and community management systems. Zipcar’s technology platform is key to providing a successful self-service experience for its members and effectively managing a distributed fleet of vehicles and associated parking locations.
◦
Connected Vehicles: Connected vehicles support our ability to reduce emissions through a steadfast focus on fleet maintenance and optimization.
◦
Fleet Efficiency: We offer our customers the opportunity to choose from a wide variety of vehicles, including fuel-efficient, hybrid, or electric vehicles at almost all of our locations. Our fleet consists primarily of vehicles from the current and immediately preceding model year - this ensures the highest possible standards of air emissions control.
Social: 
We believe that our success has its foundation in how we treat our employees. We seek to foster an environment where communication among our employees is open, honest, and respectful; performance is recognized; growth is encouraged; and accomplishments—individual and collective—are celebrated. We also seek to support the well-being and development of the people we employ and the communities in which they work. Our efforts include:
•
Giving Back: We are a global company with local reach in numerous communities around the world. Whether we work individually or as a team, doing the right thing and supporting our communities helps employees feel their work is more than just a job, and makes them feel proud to be part of the Avis Budget Group family. As well as encouraging our employees to volunteer in their local communities, we are committed to supporting a variety of causes and charities that aid people in crisis situations. 
•
Supporting Community Resilience: We have developed strong competencies in responding to business disruptions. Whether the disruption is man-made, an extreme weather event or a global health crisis, our business continuity programs are central to how we respond in times of crisis. Our program’s focus is on preparing and protecting our people, property and infrastructure. We utilize an “all hands on deck” approach within our incident management and command structure to ensure that we respond as rapidly and effectively as possible. We have also developed longstanding partnerships with leading national disaster response agencies, which strengthen our ability to provide support to affected customers, employees and communities.
Governance: 
Our Board of Directors monitors the effectiveness of our policy and decision making, including with respect to ESG, on the current and long-term value of our company.
Our most recent Corporate Governance documents are available on the Company’s website. The information contained on the Company’s website is not included in, or incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
14
Table of Contents

OUR HUMAN CAPITAL RESOURCES AND MANAGEMENT
Our human capital objectives include identifying, recruiting, retaining, incentivizing and integrating our existing and future or prospective employees. Our compensation program is designed to attract, retain and motivate highly qualified employees and executives.
Employees
As of December 31, 2024, we employed approximately 24,000 people worldwide, of whom approximately 7,000 were employed on a part-time basis. Of our approximately 24,000 employees, approximately 8,000 were employed in our International segment. In our Americas segment, the majority of our employees are at-will employees and, therefore, not subject to any type of employment contract or agreement. In our International segment, we enter into employment contracts and agreements in those countries in which such relationships are mandatory or customary. The provisions of these agreements correspond in each case with the required or customary terms in the subject jurisdiction. Many of our employees are covered by a variety of union contracts and governmental regulations affecting, among other things, compensation, job retention rights and pensions.
We strive to maintain satisfactory relationships with all of our employees, including the unions and work councils representing these employees. As of December 31, 2024, approximately 29% of our employees were covered by collective bargaining or similar agreements with various labor unions. We believe our employee relations are satisfactory. We have never experienced a large-scale work stoppage.
Employee Benefits 
Supporting our employees with the right benefits is one of the most important things we do. We understand benefits are a key element to a total reward package, so ensuring we provide meaningful benefit programs and resources across the globe is an integral part of how we reward employees, including with respect to healthcare and retirement. As a global company, benefits will vary by country to reflect local practices and cultures, but our commitment to providing comprehensive and meaningful benefits and resources is consistent across the world. We continuously review and, when necessary, update our programs to ensure they remain flexible, competitive, and aligned to what is important for our employees and their families. 
Global Gender Pay Equity
To ensure we are compensating both men and women employees fairly and equitably, we utilize a global Center of Excellence total rewards function which standardizes and harmonizes our rewards programs across all countries. As a result, we have established pay programs that provide for equal incentive pay opportunity for all employees in same or similar positions across the globe. Additionally, we utilize global guidelines and standards to inform compensation decisions for all new hires and promotions. To monitor our performance for our management employees, we evaluate base salary placement relative to our internal salary ranges for men and women. For our hourly field workforce (non-management employees), we maintain pay equity through our standardized compensation practices in which all employees begin at the same start rate, based on their location and position, and annual pay increases are applied consistently to all employees based on tenure.
Health and Safety
The health and safety of our employees is our highest priority because our people are our most valuable asset. Consistent with our operating philosophy, we are committed to safety and our core belief is that health and safety is every employee’s responsibility, not only for our employees but for our customers, vendors, and all stakeholders.
Well-being
We take a holistic approach to well-being. We understand that to deliver our best performance, our employees need to be healthy and happy in all areas of their lives. Our well-being program focuses on helping our people achieve all aspects of wellness through encouraging habits that promote physical, emotional and financial well-being.
15
Table of Contents

REGULATION
We are subject to a wide variety of laws and regulations in the countries in which we operate, including those relating to, among others, consumer protection, insurance products and rates, franchising and distribution, customer privacy and data protection, securities and public disclosure, competition and antitrust, environmental matters, taxes, automobile-related liability, corruption and anti-bribery, labor and employment matters, health and safety, claims management, automotive retail sales, currency-exchange and other various banking and financial industry regulations, cost and fee recovery, the protection of our trademarks and other intellectual property, ESG matters and local ownership or investment requirements. Additional information about the regulations that we are subject to can be found in Part I, Item 1A, “Risk Factors” in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
AVAILABLE INFORMATION
Our principal executive office is located at 379 Interpace Parkway, Parsippany, New Jersey 07054 (our telephone number is 973-496-4700). The Company files electronically with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) required reports on Form 8-K, Form 10-Q and Form 10-K; proxy materials; registration statements and other forms or reports as required. Certain of the Company’s officers, directors and stockholders also file statements of beneficial ownership and of changes in beneficial ownership on Forms 3, 4 and 5 with the SEC. Such materials may be accessed electronically on the SEC’s Internet site (sec.gov). The Company maintains a website (avisbudgetgroup.com) and copies of our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, Section 16 reports, proxy materials and any amendments to these reports filed or furnished with the SEC are available free of charge in the Investor Relations section of our website (ir.avisbudgetgroup.com), as soon as reasonably practicable after filing with the SEC. Copies of our board committee charters, Codes of Conduct and Ethics, Corporate Governance Guidelines and other corporate governance information are also available on our website. If the Company should decide to amend any of its board committee charters, Codes of Conduct and Ethics or other corporate governance documents, copies of such amendments will be made available to the public through the Company’s website. The information contained on the Company’s website is not included in, or incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
16
Table of Contents