Item 1. Business
National Vision Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its consolidated subsidiaries are referred to here as “we,” “our,” “us,” “the Company,” or “National Vision.” National Vision Holdings, Inc. conducts substantially all of its activities through its indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary, National Vision, Inc. (“NVI”), and NVI’s subsidiaries. 
We had one reportable segment as of December 28, 2024: our Owned & Host segment. Our Owned & Host segment includes our two owned brands, America’s Best Contacts and Eyeglasses (“America’s Best”) and Eyeglass World, as well as our Host brands, Vista Optical locations within select Fred Meyer stores and Vista Optical locations on select military bases. See Part II. Item 8. Note 16. “Segment Reporting” for more information.
General
We are one of the largest optical retailers in the United States (“U.S.”) and a leader in the attractive value segment of the U.S. optical retail industry. We believe that vision is central to quality of life and that people deserve to see their best to live their best, regardless of their budget. Our mission is to make quality eye care and eyewear affordable and accessible to all Americans. We achieve this by providing eye exams, eyeglasses and contact lenses to value-seeking consumers. We deliver exceptional value and convenience to our customers, with attractive price points that provide value for a range of consumers. We reach our customers through a diverse portfolio of 1,240 retail stores across four brands and multiple consumer websites as of December 28, 2024, our 2024 fiscal year end.
Our Business Model
Our history of profitable growth is founded on a commitment to providing exceptional value and convenience to customers. 
Key characteristics of our model are described below:
•
Broad-based and Differentiated Value Proposition
. We believe our success is primarily driven by our value-based offerings, convenient locations, broad assortment of branded and private label merchandise and the high levels of in-store service provided by our well-trained and passionate store associates and vision care professionals. We believe our bundled offers, including two pairs of eyeglasses plus an eye exam for $89.95 at America’s Best and two-pairs of eyeglasses for $99 at Eyeglass World, are among the lowest price offerings of any national chain. At the same time, we have found that our value proposition appeals to a broad group of value-seeking consumers and, as such, we have an opportunity to target consumers across a wide range of income demographics. Our ability to utilize national advertising for America’s Best allows us to communicate this value proposition to a meaningfully greater number of current and potential customers. We believe that our value proposition will continue to drive comparable store sales growth as we expand our target market, attract new customers and increase loyalty with existing customers.
•
Recurring Revenue Characteristics
. Eye care purchases are predominantly a medical necessity and are therefore considered non-discretionary in nature. While there are ranges of customer behaviors based on demographics and other factors, we estimate that our customers typically replace their eyeglasses every two to three years and their contact lenses every six to 12 months, reflecting the predictability of these recurring purchase behaviors. This is further demonstrated by the customer mix of our mature stores, with existing customers representing 67% of total customers in 2024 and new customers representing the remaining 33% of total customers in 2024. 
•
Target Attractive Store Economics
. Since 2006, we have opened over 1,000 stores in the aggregate, including 1,039 stores under our America’s Best and Eyeglass World retail brands. Our store economics are based on low capital investment, steady ramping of sales in new locations, low operating costs and consistent sales volume and earnings growth in mature stores, which result in attractive returns on capital. By consistently replicating the key characteristics of our store model, we have executed a formula-based approach to opening new stores and managing existing stores, which has historically delivered predictable store performance across vintages, diverse geographies, and new and existing markets. Our new store model generally targets a store size between 2,500 to 4,500 square feet and an average new store cash investment of approximately $0.4 million to $0.6 million, in furniture, fixtures, leaseholds and equipment for new stores, net of tenant incentives. Our new store model targets sales in the fifth year of operation in the range of $1.5 million to $1.7 million, with at least 55% of year five sales targeted in the first full year of operation. Our new store model targets vary for America’s Best and Eyeglass World stores to reflect 
6
Table of Contents
differences by brand, markets and geography. The majority of our owned stores have achieved profitability during the second year of operation and have paid back invested capital in three to five years. 
During fiscal 2024, we undertook a comprehensive review of our store portfolio and announced plans to take action on 43 stores, including closing 39 stores by the end of fiscal 2026 and converting four Eyeglass World stores to America’s Best by the end of fiscal 2024. At that time, we also announced plans to temporarily moderate new store openings in 2025 to 30-35 new stores, after which time we expect to return to our more recent store opening cadence as strategic initiatives begin to take hold. We believe that the combination of these actions can be expected to provide us with increased flexibility to invest in existing operations and deploy capital to initiatives that will drive increased revenue and improved profitability, and allow us to increase investments in enhancing the overall patient and customer experience in our existing stores. 
•
Grow Our Store Base.
  We believe that we continue to have significant whitespace opportunity for continued growth. We have an established partnership with a third-party real estate data analytics firm to evaluate potential new America’s Best and Eyeglass World stores. The analysis, as updated in early 2024, shows that our total whitespace opportunity is believed to be at least 2,500 stores, more than double the existing store count across our brands.
Our disciplined approach to new store openings, combined with our attractive store economics, has led to strong returns on investment and we believe that our decision to temporarily moderate the pace of new store openings will allow us to continue this trend over the long term. The following chart depicts our store count over time:
Note: Effective as of February 23, 2024, we completed the transition of 229 Walmart Vision Center stores in connection with the termination of our Walmart partnership. The table above presents stores in operations across all retail brands at the end of each fiscal year, excluding Walmart Vision Center stores. 
7
Table of Contents
Our Business
The following table provides an overview of our portfolio of brands (see “Our Host Brands” below for more information):
Overview of Our Brands and Omni-channel & E-commerce Platforms 
Owned & Host Brands
Lowest Price
Eyewear Value Superstore
Shop-Within-A-Shop
Commissary Store
Employed ODs
Mostly Independent ODs
Mostly Independent ODs
Mostly Independent ODs
1,036 Stores
122 Stores
29 Stores
53 Stores
~3,500 sq. ft.
~4,500 sq. ft.
~800 sq. ft.
~1,000 sq. ft.
~1,400 SKUs
~1,400 SKUs
~600 SKUs
~800 SKUs
Centralized Lab
Lab in Store / Centralized Lab
Centralized Lab
Centralized Lab
OMNI-CHANNEL & E-COMMERCE
Note: Store count as of December 28, 2024. SKU figures refer to eyeglass frame SKUs. ODs are Doctors of Optometry.
We reach customers through a portfolio of brands described below. All of our brands leverage our highly efficient centralized laboratory network and distribution system, which helps us minimize production and distribution costs. As one of the largest purchasers of eyeglass frames, eyeglass lenses and contact lenses in the U.S., we also benefit from centralized procurement efforts and purchasing economies of scale.
Our America’s Best Brand.
 America’s Best strives to be the value leader in virtually every market in which it operates. Its signature offer of “two pairs of eyeglasses for $89.95, including a free eye exam,” is typically priced significantly lower than the competition and provides customers with a wide selection of frame choices at this entry point. In America’s Best stores, vision care services are provided by optometrists employed either by us or by independent professional corporations or similar entities. This model facilitates the brand’s bundled offer and its Eyecare Club programs, which offer two free eye exams per year for the duration of the membership plus a discount on contact lenses and eyeglasses. By leveraging our efficient centralized laboratory network, America’s Best stores are able to minimize processing costs and drive significant economies of scale. These stores typically stock eyeglass frame imports from low-cost overseas manufacturers, higher-margin private label brands and discounted well-known frame brands. America’s Best stores are primarily located in high-traffic strip centers next to other value-focused retailers.
Our Eyeglass World Brand. 
Eyeglass World also offers a value price point for customers, with an opening offer of “two pairs of eyeglasses for $99.” This brand is positioned as an eyeglass superstore with a broad selection of designer brands and price points and offers a highly personalized level of service. We source eyeglass frames for our Eyeglass World stores from leading designer brands, private label manufacturers and low-cost overseas manufacturers. Eyeglass World locations offer eye exams, primarily from independent optometrists and optometrists employed by independent professional corporations or similar entities and have on-site laboratories that enable stores to quickly fulfill customer orders and make repairs on site. Lens orders that are not completed in store are completed by our centralized laboratory network. These stores are primarily located in freestanding or in-line locations near high-foot-traffic shopping centers.
Our Host Brands. 
We have two Host brands consisting of 53 Vista Optical locations on military bases and 29 Vista Optical locations within select Fred Meyer stores as of December 28, 2024. Our Host brands compete within the value segment of the U.S. optical retail industry. These brands combine a broad selection of products and attentive customer service with the convenience of one-stop shopping. These brands also utilize our centralized laboratories and provide eye exams principally by independent optometrists in nearly all locations.
Our Omni-Channel and E-Commerce Platforms. 
We offer our customers an engaging digital shopping experience through an established platform of omni-channel store websites, and our dedicated e-commerce consumer website, 
8
Table of Contents
DiscountContacts.com. Our omni-channel store websites augment our America’s Best, Eyeglass World and Vista Optical in military brands and provide a customer experience that extends across our in-store, mobile and e-commerce channels. We offer a range of services to customers, including eyeglass purchasing, online scheduling and appointment reminders, contact lens purchasing, “buy-in-store and ship-to-home” capabilities and online frame browsing, among others. Our omni-channel offerings work in concert with these brands to enhance the overall quality of the customer experience.
In the aggregate, sales from our omni-channel and e-commerce platforms, which include “buy-in-store and ship-to-home” transactions, represented approximately 7.3% and 10.1% of net revenue in fiscal year 2024 and 2023, respectively.
Our Industry
1
We operate in the U.S. optical retail industry, which is defined by The Vision Council to include the sale of exams, frames, lenses, contact lenses, plano sunglasses and readers.

We believe the industry’s continued growth and its resilience to economic cycles is due in large part to the medical, non-discretionary and recurring nature of eye care purchases.
The majority of eyewear purchases are driven by need, with two primary drivers of demand: (i) diminishing eyesight with increasing age, causing new customers to buy corrective eyewear, and (ii) a steady and consistent replacement cycle as customers replace or purchase new eyewear for a variety of reasons, including changes in prescriptions, fashion trends and necessity (e.g., lost or broken eyewear).
The need for eyesight correction is diagnosed through eye tests and eye exams.
We anticipate that there are four key secular growth trends that will continue to contribute to the stability and growth of the U.S. optical retail industry: 
•
Aging Population
. According to The Vision Council, approximately 80% of adults in the U.S. use some form of vision correction, and there is a significant increase in the use of vision correction above age 45, with further increases above age 55. As the U.S. population ages and life expectancy increases, the pool of potential customers and opportunities for repeat purchases in the optical retail industry are anticipated to rise. Given that eyesight deteriorates progressively with age, aging of the U.S. population should result in incremental sales of eyewear and related accessories.
•
Consistent Replacement Cycle
. The repetitive and predictable nature of customer behavior results in a significant volume of recurring revenue for the optical retail industry. The purchasing cycle of vision correction devices is closely tied to the frequency with which consumers obtain eye exams. Most optometrists recommend annual eye exams as a preventive measure against serious eye conditions and to help patients identify changes in their vision correction needs. According to the Vision Council, approximately 117 million eye exams were performed in the U.S. during 2024. While there are ranges of customer behaviors based on demographics and other factors, we estimate that our customers typically replace their eyeglasses every two to three years and their contact lenses every six to 12 months, reflecting the predictability of these recurring purchase behaviors
. 
•
Increased Usage of Computer and Mobile Screens
. Due to the proliferation of smartphones, laptops, tablets and other electronic devices, the U.S. population has experienced a dramatic increase in the amount of time spent viewing electronic screens. According to the most recent data reported by The Vision Council in 2022, about 90% of American adults reported using digital devices for more than three hours per day with approximately 80% reporting experiencing symptoms of digital eye strain. This is anticipated to result in a larger percentage of the population suffering from screen-related vision problems, driving incremental sales of vision correction devices, such as traditional eyeglasses and contact lenses, as well as higher margin products designed specifically to counteract the effect of looking at screens for prolonged stretches of time.
•
Growing Focus on Health and Wellness
. The optical retail industry is poised to continue to benefit from expansive trends underlying an increasing societal focus on health and wellness. Consumers want personalized solutions that allow them to make informed decisions about their health. Additionally, rising healthcare costs are driving a growing emphasis on preventative healthcare. Eye exams can detect a host of 
1
 In recent years, The Vision Council has made multiple updates to its methodology for estimating the size of the optical retail industry including the use of new and updated sources for such data that had not been previously utilized for past industry estimates. As such, more recent estimates may not be comparable to estimates that the Company had disclosed in previous annual reports on Form 10-K, which, prior to 2023, were formulated using the prior methodology. The Company continues to evaluate the updated methodology and the new market estimate of a $68.3 billion optical retail industry in 2024, as compared to the $65.6 billion estimate in 2023. 
9
Table of Contents
physical ailments, such as hypertension or diabetes, and are one of the most inexpensive and effective forms of detection for many of these conditions. As consumers continue to develop greater awareness of health and wellness issues, there is an opportunity for retailers that are able to offer personalized, inexpensive, health-oriented products and services that can increase quality of life and reduce an individual’s overall level of healthcare expenditures. Furthermore, this increased focus on health means that people are living longer, which increases the overall demand for vision care and the frequency with which people visit their eye care practitioners for vision care products and services.
Our Products and Services
Within our store brands, we primarily offer two products and one service: eyeglasses, contact lenses and eye exams. Nonetheless, our diverse product portfolio encompasses many brand names and thousands of stock keeping units (“SKUs”). Offerings include both brand name designers, like Ray-Ban, Coach and Calvin Klein, and private label options at attractive prices. Our brand-name frame offerings are manufactured by market leaders and we partner with several overseas factories to direct source our private label products. We also offer a broad portfolio of lenses, including single vision and bifocal lenses, with a variety of treatments to enhance vision. Through one-on-one consultative-selling, our sales associates have a number of opportunities to share information about value-added lenses, including thinner, higher-quality lenses and photochromatic options, which carry higher margins. As a result, a significant number of America’s Best customers and Eyeglass World customers who purchase eyeglasses choose upgraded lenses and/or frames instead of each brand’s signature or opening offer. In our America’s Best and Eyeglass World stores, we also offer accessories and contact lenses from all major contact lens manufacturers, including our own private label brands (Sofmed and Natural Eyes HydraWear, made by CooperVision). Collectively, our broad product offerings deliver consistent financial results and reduce our reliance on any individual product, style or trend.
Eye exam services are provided by optometrists employed by us, or by professional corporations or similar entities owned by eye care practitioners with whom we have contractual arrangements or by independent optometrists with whom we have contracted. In addition, as part of our efforts to provide quality, accessible eye care, we have deployed a telehealth solution in certain locations that allows optometrists working remotely to provide eye exam services to patients. Through this remote medicine platform, patients still visit our stores for eye care services, but instead of seeing the optometrists in person, the patients are connected with optometrists licensed in their state through video conferencing technology. The optometrists work with trained optometric technicians and clinical assistants to collect preliminary data, and then the optometrists control the optometric equipment remotely to conduct the refractions and eye health examinations while communicating with the patients in real time via 2-way synchronous audio and visual connection. As of December 28, 2024, this technology has been enabled in over 730 of our America’s Best locations. We believe remote medicine not only helps provide quality, accessible eye care to more patients, but also helps address constraints in exam capacity from optometrist availability in store. As part of the rollout, we have also invested in the transition to an electronic health record (“EHR”) platform in all America’s Best locations. 
America’s Best offers its Eyecare Club programs primarily to its contact lens customers. As of December 28, 2024, the Eyecare Club had approximately 1.4 million active members. Eyecare Club members receive two free eye exams per year and 10% off all contact lenses and eyeglasses for the duration of the three-year membership, as well as other periodic benefits and discounts, for a one-time fixed payment. Memberships can be purchased in stores or on our America’s Best website. There is a high adoption rate of Eyecare Club membership by America’s Best customers who are not part of a managed care program and who visited an America’s Best store for a contact lens examination. The disposable nature of contact lenses means that customers must replenish their contacts frequently and, in order to refill their prescriptions, contact lens users must have a current prescription. For a prescription to be current, customers generally need to have an eye exam every one or two years, depending on the state in which they reside. The multi­year nature of these memberships, which customers pay in full at the time they join, facilitates repeat traffic to America’s Best stores for exams and contact lens purchases and builds customer loyalty. 
See Note 9. “Revenue from Contracts with Customers” in our audited consolidated financial statements included in Part II. Item 8. of this Form 10-K for additional information.
Our Customers
We believe that everyone deserves to see their best in order to live their best. Our customers are savvy shoppers who define value in multiple ways but are unified by getting the products and care they need, at a great price without compromising what they want. Purchasing decisions are based on value, quality of service, fashion, location and eye health, among other factors. Based on a variety of third-party research studies, we have found that our customers typically prioritize value and convenience above other considerations. Value encompasses a combination of eye health with quality products and services, all offered at a fair price. Convenience encompasses multiple vectors: (i) 
10
Table of Contents
retail locations near where our customers work and shop, with easy, convenient parking, (ii) store hours that fit their lifestyles, (iii) product selection that achieves aesthetic and/or fashion goals, (iv) availability of on-site eye exams and (v) acceptance of certain vision insurance benefits.
Our Sales and Marketing
We developed our marketing strategy based on the in-depth knowledge we have of our customers. Our brands are positioned to stand for low prices and great value, both of which resonate with our target consumers and leave a lasting impression that is distinct from the competition.
We believe that video is a key channel for connecting with our customers. A significant portion of America’s Best and Eyeglass World’s advertising investments are on awareness-driving video advertisements, network television and digital platforms, which we leverage broadly across multiple stores in each market to gain a larger share of voice and, in turn, drive traffic and margins. We continue to benefit from America’s Best national advertising campaigns, which we believe are cost effective and help raise our brand awareness in both new and existing markets. Additional advertising investments include digital media, search engine, direct mail, email and local store marketing. We are continually tracking consumer media consumption behaviors and adjusting our media plan accordingly.
For our Host brands, we rely on our Host partners’ marketing initiatives to drive traffic into their stores. We then develop and execute highly targeted local marketing campaigns within stores to create awareness of our service and product offerings.
Our Customer Relationship Management (“CRM”) system is used to collect customer demographic data. With this information and the third-party data that we use to supplement the customer information, we enhance our customer relationships with communications based on their individual vision needs and interests to help improve existing customer retention. In fiscal 2025, we expect to launch a new customer experience platform to centrally manage all customer data, communications and analytics, which would replace our previous CRM system. We expect this new technology will allow us to build dynamic, omnichannel customer journeys based on individual behaviors and preferences in order to maximize customer engagement and increase customer retention through personalized experiences across our brands.
In addition to our CRM program, digital advertising is a critical component of our media mix, as we believe both of these programs generate a high rate of return. Potential customers gain awareness of our brands through paid and organic digital efforts via content, video and social media that lead them to our websites.
Our Sourcing and Supplier Relationships
We purchase our frame merchandise from a wide variety of vendors, with a limited number of vendors supplying the majority of our eyeglass lenses and contact lenses. We are a large customer for most of our suppliers and we strive to form meaningful, long-lasting and mutually beneficial relationships with our vendors. We have long-term contracts with certain of our key suppliers, including Essilor and CooperVision. Under our agreement with Essilor, Essilor has the sole and exclusive right to supply certain eyeglass lenses to us. The current term of our agreement with Essilor runs through May 2026. We are collaborative in our vendor negotiations so as to develop a partnership with our vendors and, in time, a sense of loyalty to National Vision. Each of our top 10 vendors has been with us for approximately 10 years, and several of these vendors have been with us since our inception in 1990. We focus on sourcing low-cost products, including well-known frame brands, secondary frame brands, direct import and private label frames and private label contact lenses. Our well-developed capability of direct-to-factory sourcing and importing of frames allows us to offer high-quality, low-priced frames while generating strong margins.
Our Optical Laboratories and Distribution Network
We use a highly efficient mix of four domestic, company-operated processing facilities and have an outsourcing relationship with an international, third-party facility. We have state-of-the-art lens processing capabilities in our  geographically diverse, company-operated production facilities in Lawrenceville, Georgia; St. Cloud, Minnesota; Plano, Texas; and Salt Lake City, Utah. Our centralized optical laboratories handle all aspects of customizing eyeglass lenses, and have digital capabilities for grinding, coating and edging to customer prescription and eyeglass frame specifications. We have developed a high-volume, low-cost lens processing model to provide approximately seven- to 10-day turnaround service through our domestic owned laboratories and our international partner laboratories. This network was created through significant investment by us and is leveraged across our portfolio of brands to provide efficiency and scale. We route eyeglass orders to both our owned and outsourced laboratories through an automated decision tree that incorporates information on (i) the nature of the job; (ii) the technical capabilities of each laboratory; (iii) the capacity of each laboratory; (iv) the inventory at each laboratory; and (v) the cost of that particular job at each laboratory. This architecture is integrated with the point-of-sale system and enables us to minimize our processing costs, while ensuring on-time deliveries. The processing system is designed such that the more eyeglasses we sell, the more efficient the laboratories become, creating significant cost savings over time.
11
Table of Contents
In addition, our Eyeglass World stores are equipped with on-site laboratories, which typically process less complicated customer orders with same-day service. All lens orders that are not processed or completed in store are processed or completed by our centralized laboratory network.
As of December 28, 2024, we have a 118,000 square foot distribution center in Lawrenceville, Georgia. We utilize third-party carriers to transport products from the distribution center to customers and store locations. We have transitioned the contact lens fulfillment and distribution previously handled by AC Lens to a third-party vendor. We are subleasing the warehouse in Columbus, Ohio that was previously used in our AC Lens operations.
Our Mission and Philanthropic Efforts
Our mission is to help people by making quality eye care and eyewear more affordable and accessible. Our philanthropic culture instills a sense of purpose and engagement in our associates, from in-store team members to senior management. Our associates feel pride in the positive work they are doing, which helps us to attract and retain both store associates and vision care professionals, thus improving the customer experience in our stores. In addition, our mission has been essential to the recruitment and retention of our management team, whose extensive experience is a key component of our business success.
Our financial success has helped fuel our ever-growing philanthropic engine. In the U.S., through our partnership with charitable organizations, we provide free vision screenings, eye exams and eyeglasses to young Americans and other underserved communities. In addition, through multiple charitable partnerships with organizations such as VisionSpring, RestoringVision, the International Agency for the Prevention of Blindness and VOSH International, we both directly assist and indirectly help to improve the vision of millions of individuals globally. We also work collaboratively with others in the industry to help a portion of the world’s population who live with uncorrected vision problems.
Human Capital Management
As of December 28, 2024, we had 13,411 full-time and part-time associates, including 636 directly employed optometrists. As of December 28, 2024, our network of optometrists included 2,393 optometrists, of which 636 were directly employed by us, 1,478 were employed by professional corporations or similar entities with which we contract, and 279 who sublease in our store locations. 
Our network of optometrists includes a mix of full-time and part-time optometrists, and this mix can change over time.
We are not a party to any collective bargaining agreements. We have never experienced a strike or work stoppage, and we believe that our relations with our associates and optometrists are good.
Board Oversight
Our Board of Directors (the “Board”) through its committees oversees human capital matters with regular updates and discussion on organizational structure, hiring and retention, compensation and benefits, health and safety matters, employee training and development, succession planning, and associate survey results.

Values and Culture
We aim to maintain a strong and resonating culture guided by our Vision, Mission and Values. We believe everyone deserves to see their best to live their best and our goal is to help people achieve this by making quality eye care and eyewear more affordable and accessible. This purpose is supported by our associates and their values – passion for people, committed to community, results done right, and be your best self.
With an inclusive and people-first culture, we are focused on celebrating and respecting our backgrounds, empowering, rewarding and developing our associates, and aiming to give back to the communities in which we serve. Our human capital initiatives are focused on attracting highly qualified individuals and providing them with continued opportunities for growth and development. We were named one of Newsweek’s America’s Most Responsible Companies for 2024 in recognition of our corporate responsibility and citizenship.
Talent Acquisition
At National Vision, we are committed to attracting talent aligned with our Vision, Mission and Values. We continue to refine our technology to improve both the candidate and hiring manager experience. In 2024, National Vision launched Eyes on Talent Training, specifically designed for hiring managers to enhance talent selection skills. The training focused on both the candidate experience and interviewing skills. More than 1,500 managers completed this course. In addition, we have established critical partnerships with outside vendors that provide us with additional resources to drive candidate flow for key roles. We are continuing our multi-year sponsorship of the Association of Schools and Colleges of Optometry campaign “Optometry Gives Me Life” targeted at high school and college 
12
Table of contents
students, and ensuring that graduating optometrists are educated on the variety of career options available to them. Additionally, we support our associates’ interest in attending Optometry school through our internal National Vision Doctor of Optometry Tuition Reimbursement program, which provides for the reimbursement of education expenses to associates attending optometry school. We utilize both in-person events and online platforms for job fairs and on-campus events, and selectively offer key incentives, such as a student loan repayment program.
Talent Development
We are committed to high-quality training support for our associates. We have increased ongoing training in recent years, especially in the areas of safety protocol procedures and customer interactions, and have enhanced virtual, instructor-led training classes, allowing for high-touch training in a remote setting. We provide associates and optometrists with several opportunities and mechanisms through which they can provide feedback, and this allows us to continue developing programs for training and growth.
In 2024, we designed and piloted two new-hire and onboarding programs. The first is focused on store-based associates and managers and extends the length of the new associate training experience, ensuring associates and managers who are new to their roles have adequate time to learn our culture and the skills needed to be successful. The second is focused on district managers, and is designed with both new and existing district managers in mind. For new district managers, it provides a longer and more formal onboarding experience. For existing, tenured district managers, the program also provides extended career path and growth opportunities to utilize consistent training skills with new district managers. 
We have also invested in supporting our new-to-role store managers through the Training Store Manager Program, which provides training during their critical first weeks in their new store. The program offers high-performing store managers the opportunity to become certified Training Store Managers for their district. They complete a five-week certification process focused on coaching, self-awareness, giving and receiving feedback, evaluating their business, and time management. Once participants are certified as Training Store Managers, they are ready to provide onboarding and training support to new store managers in their district. In addition to providing valuable support to new managers and new store teams, the program provides a new avenue for leadership opportunities and professional development for our associates. We continued to grow and invest in the Training Store Manager Program in 2024, building on our culture of developing and promoting our associates.
Benefits and Wellness
We strive to ensure our people always feel supported so they can bring their best selves to work every day. We demonstrate this commitment through many of our benefits and wellness offerings. Programs like our 401(k) plan, core and supplemental life insurance, health plan, short and long-term disability, wellness and disease management programs, including personalized programs for diabetes and hypertension, vacation pay, parental and adoption leave, accident, critical illness, group legal and identity theft programs, and a financial protection resource, provide the needed resources essential for helping our people care for themselves and their families. We also offer free on-demand mental and behavioral health resources, to provide needed guidance when work and personal challenges affect an associate’s overall well-being.

Additionally, our associates receive an annual associate eyewear ticket and eyewear gift tickets that provide them, along with their friends and family, discounted eyewear purchases in our stores. 
Our college scholarship program was established to assist associates with children age 24 or under, who are high school seniors or graduates and planning to enroll in a full-time undergraduate course of study at an accredited U.S. college or university. Each year, ten recipients are granted an award of $2,500 each and awards are renewable for up to three years for a total scholarship of $10,000.

We also provide current and former associates who are in pursuit of a Doctor of Optometry degree with financial support through a tuition reimbursement program.
Our compensation programs are designed to reinforce our growth agenda and talent acquisition strategy. In addition to competitive base pay, we seek to reward associates with annual incentive awards, recognition programs and equity awards for associates at certain levels. 

In 2019, we established the National Vision Crisis Relief Fund to help support associates who are facing financial hardship as a result of a natural disaster, family emergency or other unexpected events. Since its creation, the fund has provided over $1.9 million to associates for assistance.
Health and Safety
Our health and well-being efforts are built on a foundational commitment to the safety of our associates and the doctors in our network. We believe that we are in material compliance with applicable Occupational Safety and Health Administration (“OSHA”) guidelines and state regulations. At each of our labs and distribution centers, there are specific leaders responsible for the management of associate safety. For example, lab directors organize and run 
13
Table of contents
safety trainings for local associates, some of which are conducted through our Learning Management System and others through in-person instruction. In our retail locations, we support managers and field leaders in understanding and complying with applicable laws and regulations.
Managed Vision Care
Our managed care business relates to vision care programs and associated benefits provided by stand-alone vision insurance entities, healthcare plans and government programs. National Vision participates as a provider of both vision care and related vision product solutions, including eyeglasses and contact lenses, and primarily participates in private managed care programs. While our managed care business has continued to grow, we are underpenetrated in the managed care market relative to the broader optical retail industry, and we believe that this continues to represent a growth opportunity. 
Through our point-of-sale system and our back-office electronic data interchange (“EDI”) capabilities, we attempt to create a seamless transactional experience for our managed care customers and have increased training for our store associates with this goal in mind. From time to time, vision care insurance payors may make changes to their EDI claim systems or experience system outages. Such changes or outages may require us to update our processes and could impact our ability to submit claims or to timely receive reimbursements from our managed care partners. As such, when asked, we have assisted a number of our larger vision care insurance payors to either implement or improve claims transmission processes via application programming interfaces (“APIs”). By the end of fiscal 2025, we expect that such APIs will be implemented with our three largest payors, which we anticipate to improve the customer experience and reduce claim errors that would otherwise result in rejections and potential write-offs. 
Competition
The optical retail industry is highly competitive. Competition is generally based upon brand name recognition, price, convenience, selection, service and product quality.
We operate within the value segment of the U.S. optical retail industry, which emphasizes price and affordability. This segment is fragmented. We compete with mass merchants and warehouse club stores, specialty retail chains, and independent eye care practitioners and opticians. In the broader optical retail industry, we also compete with large national retailers such as LensCrafters, Pearle Vision and Visionworks, both in physical retail locations and online.
We also compete with online sellers of contact lenses and eyewear. The online sale of contact lenses has steadily increased in particular since the passage of the Fairness to Contact Lens Consumers Act. See “Government Regulation” below for more detail. The online sale of eyeglasses has not developed as quickly, but a number of firms are primarily focused on this market, including Warby Parker and Zenni Optical. We may also face competition in the future as companies increasingly employ emerging technologies in the optical retail industry, including, for example, online vision exams.
In our managed care business, we also compete with other managed care payors, several of which are vertically integrated, with substantial retail networks. As a provider under managed care contracts, we may have access to new customers while better serving our existing customers who are covered by managed care by filing claims directly with the payor and collecting only the applicable co-pay amount from these customers. Competition in our managed care business is based on many factors, including price and the density of the provider network. We have, in the past, and may, in the future, experience heightened challenges to be admitted as a provider to these networks or to maintain our status in them.
Seasonality
Our business is moderately seasonal in nature. Historically, our business has realized a higher portion of net revenue, operating income and cash flows from operations in the first half of the year, and a lower portion of net revenue, operating income and cash flows from operations in the fourth fiscal quarter. The first half seasonality is attributable primarily to the timing of our customers’ income tax refunds and annual health insurance program start/reset periods. We believe that many customers in our target market are value-seeking consumers who rely on tax refunds to pay for eyewear and eye care. A delay in the issuance of tax refunds can accordingly have a timing impact on our quarterly financial results in the first half of the year. Consumer behavior with respect to the utilization of tax refund proceeds is also subject to change.
With respect to our fourth quarter results, compared to other retailers, our products and services are less likely to be included in consumers’ holiday spending budgets, therefore reducing spending on personal vision correction during the weeks preceding December 25th of each year. Additionally, although the period between December 25th and the end of our fiscal year is typically a high-volume period, the net revenue associated with substantially all orders of prescription eyeglasses and contact lenses during that period is deferred until January due to our policy of 
14
Table of Contents
recognizing revenue only after the product has been accepted by the customer, further contributing to higher revenue results in the first half of the year. Our quarterly results may also be affected by the timing of new store openings and store closings, the amount of sales contributed by new and existing stores, the timing of certain holidays, and the timing of weather-related store closures. Furthermore, changes in consumer behavior in recent years have suggested a departure from the seasonal norms we have experienced in the past and may continue to disrupt the historical quarterly cadence of our results of operations for an unknown period of time.
Information Technology
Information technology systems are critical to our day-to-day operations as well as to our long-term growth strategy. Our systems are designed to deliver a consistent, scalable, high-performing and secure experience for our customers and partners. We utilize a combination of co-location data centers and cloud-based solutions for our infrastructure and the majority of our applications consist of standard, integrated software solutions. Our systems provide the data analysis and automation necessary to support our marketing, merchandising, inventory, distribution, store operations and point-of-sale, e-commerce, remote medicine, finance, accounting and human resources initiatives. We believe our current systems allow us to identify and respond to operating trends in our business.
Areas in which we have invested and continue to invest in include, among others, software systems to enhance the growth of enterprise resource planning (“ERP”), CRM, omni-channel, customer engagement efforts, remote medicine and EHR platforms, cybersecurity programs, our overall security posture, and point-of-sale systems. We believe these investments, along with maintenance of our existing information technology capabilities, will provide the flexibility and capacity to accommodate our future growth plans.
Intellectual Property 
We own a number of registered and common law trademarks and pending applications for trademark registrations in the U.S., primarily through our subsidiaries. Solely for convenience, the trademarks, service marks and trade names referred to in this report are presented without the ®, SM and ™ symbols, but such references are not intended to indicate, in any way, that we will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our rights or the rights of the applicable licensors to these trademarks, service marks and trade names. All trademarks, service marks and trade names appearing in this Form 10-K (or in documents we have incorporated by reference) are the property of their respective owners.
Government Regulation
Our operations are subject to extensive federal, state and local laws and regulations. Because of the various facets of our business, the scope and extent of laws and regulations applicable to our business are always subject to the risk of change or material increase. Noncompliance with these laws and regulations can subject us to sanctions (including suspension and loss of operating licenses), fines or various forms of civil or criminal prosecution, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. See Item 1A. “Risk Factors” below for a discussion of these and other risks. A summary of certain laws and regulations is described below.
Corporate Practice of Medicine/Optometry and Similar Laws
Many states prohibit the corporate practice of medicine/optometry where an unlicensed entity practices medicine or employs a physician or optometrist to provide professional medical services. Further, many states interpret these or similar rules broadly to prohibit employment of eye care practitioners by corporations like us and to prohibit various financial arrangements, such as fee-splitting, between eye care practitioners and other entities. Many states also regulate certain business practices as well as landlord-tenant arrangements between optical companies and optometrists. For example, some states prohibit a common entrance to a retail optical location and an optometric office. These laws and regulations can vary significantly by state, requiring us to tailor our operations in each state to the particular laws of such state. Many of these laws and regulations are vague and subject to the interpretation of regulators and enforcement authorities, which may change over time. States periodically revisit these laws and regulations and we are subject to the ongoing risk that the regulatory scheme in any state could change in ways adverse to us. Our America’s Best operations, which feature a bundled offer of eyeglasses and an eye examination, are particularly implicated by these laws. Additionally, state legislators and regulators may be reluctant to accept telehealth and remote medicine as a way to provide access to quality patient care. There is a disparity across jurisdictions in how telehealth is regulated and how we are able to implement our remote medicine solution. Our ability to launch our remote medicine solution in certain jurisdictions at all or in the most cost-efficient manner is highly dependent on the evolution of these state-by-state requirements and restrictions.
15
Table of contents
Professional Licensure and Regulation
Our operations are subject to state licensing laws. All states license the practice of ophthalmology and optometry and many states license opticians. The dispensing of prescription eyewear is also regulated in most states in which we do business and, in some states, we are required to register our stores as optical dispensaries.
Fairness to Contact Lens Consumers Act (“FCLCA”) and E-commerce Laws
In connection with our sales of contact lenses, we must comply with the FCLCA, and its implementing regulations, including the Contact Lens Rule, promulgated by the Federal Trade Commission (“FTC”), which establish a national uniform standard in the U.S. with regard to issuing, releasing and verifying contact lens prescriptions. This law and rule require that we verify prescriptions we receive from our customers prior to selling contact lenses online. Recent changes to the Contact Lens Rule include, among others, updates to the verification requirements, updates to certain prescription requirements, and new requirements regarding automated telephone messages. A violation of the Contact Lens Rule constitutes an unfair or deceptive act or practice under the Federal Trade Commission Act (the “FTC Act”). 
Our e-commerce business must comply with various federal and state laws, most notably the FCLCA. Our online business must also be registered in various states as a non-resident contact lens seller.
Managed Care Regulation 
We are engaged in managed vision care, both as a managed care entity and as a provider to managed care payors and insurers. In California, our subsidiary, FirstSight, a specialized health maintenance organization (“HMO”), is subject to the managed care laws of the State of California and is licensed and comprehensively regulated by the California Department of Managed Health Care (the “DMHC”). These regulations contain operating, disclosure, reporting and financial viability requirements, among others. Material changes to the operations of FirstSight, including the opening of America’s Best locations outside of defined service areas, must be approved by the DMHC. This approval process can be complex and can cause delays in the projected opening of our stores. We also offer Eyecare Club programs pursuant to which, in exchange for a fixed payment, individuals can obtain eye examinations and discounts on eyeglasses, contact lenses and accessories during the program period. These programs may be subject to regulation under managed care and related state laws, including those of California, where these programs are offered as managed care products by FirstSight. In addition, our Eyecare Club programs may subject us to state laws regulating discount medical plans. These laws, which have been adopted in a number of states, require the licensing or registration of organizations that provide discounted access to health care providers. It is possible that state regulators could determine that we are operating as a discount medical plan and thus subject to various registration, disclosure and solvency requirements.
Privacy and Security
We directly collect, use, access, disclose, transmit and/or store protected health information (“PHI”) and personally identifiable information (“PII”) in connection with the sales of our products and services, customer service, billing and employment practices. As a health care provider and as a business associate to health care providers, we are subject to federal and state laws governing privacy and security, including the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (“HIPAA”) and its implementing regulations, such as the Privacy Rule, the Security Rule and the Breach Notification Rule. The Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009 (the “HITECH Act”) extends the Privacy Rule and the Security Rule directly to business associates. We are also subject to comparable state health privacy laws to the extent they are more protective of individual privacy than the Privacy Rule. We believe that the Office of Civil Rights, which is the enforcement agency for HIPAA, may implement modest changes to HIPAA in 2025, pursuant to a notice of proposed rulemaking that was issued in December 2020. Moreover, nearly all states have adopted their own data breach laws with comparable (and sometimes conflicting) standards and requirements. These state laws apply to breaches of specified elements of PII. In addition, more than a dozen states, including California, have adopted comprehensive consumer privacy laws, and additional states may amend or adopt new laws or regulations regarding data privacy that may be applicable to us, including additional consumer privacy laws.
Laws Related to Reimbursement by Government Programs
Our participation in federal reimbursement programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, subjects us to state and federal laws and regulations with respect to anti-kickback, false claims and physician self-referral, among other similar areas. The federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits, among other things, persons from knowingly and willfully soliciting, offering, paying, receiving or providing remuneration, directly or indirectly, to induce, or in exchange for, the referral of an individual or purchasing, furnishing, recommending or arranging for a good or service for which payment may be made under a federal healthcare program, such as Medicare or Medicaid. The definition of “remuneration” has been broadly interpreted to include anything of value, including, for example, gifts, 
16
Table of Contents
certain discounts, the furnishing of free supplies, equipment, office space or services, credit arrangements, payment of cash and waivers of payments. Healthcare providers that have financial relationships may structure their arrangements to meet certain voluntary safe harbors under the federal Anti-Kickback Statute so that such financial relationships and business practices are not treated as offenses under the statute. Several courts have found a violation of the statute’s intent requirement where the single purpose of an arrangement involving remuneration is to induce referrals of patients or consumers purchasing healthcare goods or services paid for, in whole or in part, by federal government programs. There are also a number of healthcare fraud statutes that impose criminal and civil liability for, among other things, knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program, or knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making any materially false statement, in connection with the delivery of, or payment for, healthcare benefits, items or services. A person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the Anti-Kickback Statute or healthcare fraud statutes, or specific intent to violate them in order to have committed a violation. Many states have adopted similar laws that apply to third-party payors including commercial plans. 
In addition, the federal Anti-Kickback Statute provides that any claim for government reimbursement in violation of the statute also violates the False Claims Act (“FCA”). The FCA prohibits intentionally submitting, conspiring to submit, or causing to be submitted, false or otherwise improper claims, records or statements to the federal government, or intentionally failing to return overpayments, in connection with reimbursement by federal government programs. Most states have enacted false claims laws analogous to the FCA, and both federal and state false claims laws permit private individuals to file 
qui tam
 or “whistleblower” lawsuits on behalf of the federal or state government. The Social Security Act also imposes significant penalties for false or improper Medicare and Medicaid billings. 
The U.S. Physician Self-Referral Law, or the Stark Law, generally prohibits physicians (which the Stark Law defines to include optometrists) from referring, for “designated health services” (as defined by the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services), Medicare or Medicaid beneficiaries to any entity with which the physician or an immediate family member of the physician has a financial relationship. Designated health services do not include physician referrals for optometric services. The Stark Law further prohibits the entity receiving a prohibited referral from presenting a claim for reimbursement by Medicare or Medicaid for services furnished pursuant to the prohibited referral. The Stark Law has a number of specific mandatory exceptions for financial hardships between regulated healthcare providers that do not pose a risk of abuse to Medicare programs or patient abuse. Many states have adopted similar self-referral laws which are not limited to Medicare or Medicaid reimbursed services. In some cases, the rental of space constitutes a financial relationship under this law. The Stark Law is a strict liability law, meaning that intent is not required; the mere presence of a prohibited relationship may constitute a violation if certain mandatory exceptions are not met.
Federal Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”) Regulation
The FDA generally has authority to, among other things, regulate the manufacture, distribution, sale and labeling of medical devices, including contact and eyeglass lenses. Under the U.S. Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act (the “FDC Act”), medical devices must meet a number of regulatory requirements. We engage in certain manufacturing, repackaging and relabeling activities at our optical laboratories and in certain Eyeglass World stores, which subject us to the FDA’s registration, listing and quality requirements. We are required to register our centralized laboratories with the FDA. 
Consumer Protection Laws
Federal and state consumer protection laws and regulations can apply to our operations and retail offers. Some of our promotions, such as our America’s Best offer of a “free” eye exam, are subject to compliance with laws and regulations governing use of this term. The FTC has authority under Section 5 of the FTC Act to investigate and prosecute practices that are “unfair trade practices,” “deceptive trade practices,” or “unfair methods of competition.” State attorneys general typically have comparable authority and many states permit private plaintiffs to bring actions on the basis of these laws. In addition, state regulators or boards of optometry may challenge our promotional practices, including America’s Best’s bundled offers, as, among other things, violating applicable state laws regarding unfair competition, false advertising to consumers or corporate practice of optometry prohibitions.
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (“FCPA”)
We source a significant portion of our products from outside of the U.S. The FCPA and other similar anti-bribery and anti-kickback laws and regulations generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments or offering anything of value to non-U.S. officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Our policies and our code of conduct mandate compliance with applicable laws and regulations, including these. 
17
Table of Contents
Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (“PCI Standard”)
Because we accept debit and credit cards for payment, we are subject to the PCI Standard, which contains compliance guidelines with regard to our security surrounding the physical and electronic storage, processing and transmission of cardholder data. Certain states have incorporated these requirements into state law. Our credit card agreements with our banks require that we comply with this standard and pay any fines or assessments imposed by the credit card companies in the event of a compromise of card data. 
Service Contract Regulations 
We offer product protection plans for our eyeglasses. In certain states, laws governing service contracts regulate these plans. These laws, which vary by state, mandate that sellers of such contracts comply with various registration, disclosure and financial requirements. It is possible that regulators in certain states could determine that our extended warranty plans should be subject to these laws. 
Environmental and Safety Regulation
Our optical laboratories in the U.S. and our in-store laboratories within Eyeglass World locations subject us to various federal, state and local laws, regulations, and other requirements pertaining to protection of the environment, public health, and associate safety, including, for example, regulations governing the management of hazardous substances and the maintenance of safe working conditions. These laws also apply generally to all our properties. Our failure to comply with these laws can subject us to criminal and civil liabilities.
Employment Laws and Occupational Safety and Health Administration

We are a labor-intensive business that is subject to complex labor and employment laws established by federal, state and local laws and regulations. These laws and regulations govern areas that include working conditions, paid time off, workplace safety, wage and hour standards and hiring and employment practices. 
In particular, we are subject to the requirements of OSHA and other federal and state agencies that address employee health, including from infectious diseases and safety.
We currently have processes in place to support our compliance with these requirements. Based on new or revised regulatory developments, we may be required to take additional actions or increase expenditures in the future to comply with changing employment requirements and higher industry and regulatory safety standards. 
Insurance and Risk Management
We use a combination of purchased insurance and self-insurance for workers’ compensation, general liability, property, director and officers’ liability, vehicle liability, and associate health-care benefits, among others. Liabilities associated with the risks that are retained by us are estimated, in part, by considering historical claims experience, demographic factors, severity factors and other actuarial assumptions. Where we have retained risk through self-insurance or similar arrangements, we utilize third-party firms to assist management in assessing the financial impact of risk retention. 
Our Website and Availability of SEC Reports and Other Information
Our website is 
www.nationalvision.com
. Investors can obtain copies free of charge of our 
Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to these reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish such material to, the 
SEC. You may access these documents on the “Investors” section of our website. 
The SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at the following address: http://
www.sec.gov. 
We also make available free of charge on our website our Corporate Governance Guidelines, our Code of Conduct and the charters of our Audit Committee, our Compensation Committee and our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. 
The information posted to our website is not incorporated into this Form 10-K or any other report we file with the SEC.