Item 1A. Risk Factors – We rely heavily on our information technology systems, as well as those of our vendors, for our business to effectively operate and to safeguard confidential information; any significant failure, inadequacy, interruption or security breach could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operations,” the sophistication of cyber threats continues to increase, and the actions we take to reduce the risk of cyber incidents and protect our systems and information may be insufficient. As such, no matter how well our controls are designed or implemented, we cannot assure that we will be able to anticipate all security breaches, and we may not be able to implement effective preventive measures against such security breaches in a timely manner.
Governance
Our 
CTO
 oversees our approach to cybersecurity and is responsible for assessing and managing our material risks from cybersecurity threats.

Our CTO has served in this role at the Company since 2020, and has more than 25 years of experience in the aggregate in various senior roles involving managing global information technology and security teams spanning strategy, implementation, operations and compliance.
 The 
Vice President of Information Technology
 Infrastructure collaborates with the CTO and a supporting team to maintain and update the Company’s technology infrastructure and corresponding safety measures.
 Our VP of  Information Technology Infrastructure has served in this role at the Company for over seven years, has over 25 years of experience in information technology systems and holds a bachelor of science degree in computer information systems.
Our CTO is informed about, and monitors the prevention, detection, mitigation and remediation of, cybersecurity incidents through the management of and participation in the cybersecurity risk management and strategy processes described above, including the operation of our incident response plan. When a cybersecurity incident occurs or we identify a vulnerability, we have cross-functional teams that are responsible for leading the initial assessment of priority and severity, and external experts may also be engaged as appropriate.
The audit committee of our Board, pursuant to its charter, oversees our enterprise risk management process, which includes risks from cybersecurity threats.

The audit committee regularly receives reports from management with respect to risks from cybersecurity threats and quarterly reviews cybersecurity and data security risks and mitigation strategies, along with program assessments, planned improvements and the status of information technology initiatives with the CTO.
 These risks and mitigation strategies are also periodically reviewed by the entire 
Board
.