ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
Overview 
Upstart is the leading artificial intelligence (“AI”) lending marketplace, connecting millions of consumers to more than 100 banks and credit unions that leverage Upstart’s AI models and cloud applications to deliver superior credit products. Founded in 2012, Upstart’s platform includes unsecured and secured credit products, such as personal loans, automotive retail and refinance loans, and home equity lines of credit (“HELOCs”). 
We’re dedicated to improving access to credit for all. Money is a fundamental ingredient of life, and unless you are in the few percent of Americans with significant wealth, the price of borrowing affects you every day. Throughout history, affordable credit has been central to unlocking mobility and opportunity. The FICO score was invented in 1989 and remains the standard for determining who is approved for credit and at what interest rate. While FICO is rarely the only input in a lending decision, most lenders use simple rules-based systems that consider only a limited number of variables. Unfortunately, because these legacy credit systems fail to accurately identify and quantify risk, millions of creditworthy individuals are left out of the system, and millions more pay too much to borrow money.
Upstart AI remakes the lending process. We leverage AI to more accurately quantify the true risk of a loan. Our AI models have been continuously upgraded, trained and refined for more than ten years. We apply AI models to income and identity fraud, acquisition targeting, loan stacking, time-delimited default and prepayment prediction, and servicing. 
We believe the flywheel effects generated by our constantly improving AI models provide a significant competitive advantage. More training data generally leads to higher approval rates and lower interest rates with better returns to our bank and credit union partners, collectively our “lending partners.” Our AI also enables our lending partners to deliver an exceptional digital-first experience. They can respond instantly to a customer’s loan request 24/7 with no human intervention. In 2024, more than 91%
1
 of Upstart-powered loans were fully automated where borrowers were approved instantly. 
Our AI marketplace connects consumers with our lending partners. Consumers can access Upstart-powered loans via Upstart.com, through a lender-branded product on our lending partners’ own websites, and through auto dealerships that use our products. 
Loans issued through our marketplace are retained by our lending partners, purchased by our network of institutional investors, or funded by Upstart’s balance sheet. Investors may also invest in securities collateralized by Upstart-powered loans through our pass-through and securitization programs.
As of December 31, 2024, out of the total principal of loan originations facilitated on our marketplace in 2024, 65% were purchased by institutional investors, 25% were retained by our lending partners, and 10% were held on our balance sheet. In the year ended December 31, 2024, our top three lending partners collectively originated 82% of the loans facilitated through our marketplace and revenue from fees received from these lending partners accounted for 63% of our total revenue. Our goal is to continue expanding our lending partnerships to new participants and deepen our relationships with existing lending partners.
1
 Percentage of Loans Fully Automated, which is defined as the total number of loans in a given period originated end-to-end (from initial rate request to final funding for personal loans and small dollar loans, and from initial rate request to signing of the loan agreement for auto loans) with no human involvement required by the Company divided by the Transaction Volume, Number of Loans in the same period.
7
Table of Contents
Institutional investors play an important role in our lending marketplace by providing capital for higher risk loans that may not be economically feasible for traditional banks and credit unions to hold. We enter into nonexclusive agreements with our institutional investors who purchase whole loans and participate in our pass-through and asset-backed securitization programs. Beginning in 2023, to improve the loan funding capacity for our marketplace across business and macroeconomic cycles, we secured multiple committed capital and other co-investment arrangements with institutional investors which have delivered a significant amount of loan funding to the Upstart marketplace. We continue our work on further developing and securing committed capital and other co-investment arrangements for our marketplace. While these efforts have strengthened the amount and resiliency of our loan funding, we continue to secure additional capital to support the growth of our business and further diversify our sources of capital and institutional investor base to ensure long-term scalability.

Our revenue is primarily comprised of fees paid by lending partners and institutional investors. We charge our lending partners platform and referral fees at origination and the agreements with our lending partners may contain minimum fee amounts. We also earn loan servicing revenue from contracts with lending partners and institutional investors. As a usage-based platform, we target positive unit economics on each transaction, leading to a cash efficient business model with high margins. We believe these are the key components to achieve both high growth rates and profitability over time.  
Our AI Lending Models 
Our AI models are central to our value proposition and unique position in the industry. They are central to the efficacy of the Upstart marketplace experience we provide to consumers and the value we deliver to lending partners and institutional investors. The key aspects of our AI models include:
Variables and Training Data 
The volume of data utilized by Upstart’s AI models has grown significantly over time. Our personal loan underwriting model included 23 variables at the end of 2014; as of December 31, 2024, it included over 2,500.
2
 These include variables related to credit experience, employment, educational history, bank account transactions, cost of living and loan application interactions. As of December 31, 2024, our personal loan underwriting model was trained on nearly 82 million repayment events, and it is only one of approximately 30 machine learning models that we use across our business.
The number of variables and volume of training data used in our models are co-dependent; the use of hundreds or thousands of variables is impractical without sophisticated machine learning algorithms to tease out the interactions among them, and sophisticated machine learning depends on large volumes of training data. Over time, we have been able to deploy and blend more sophisticated modeling techniques, leading to a more accurate system. This co-dependency presents a challenge to others who may aim to short-circuit the development of competitive models. While incumbent lenders may have vast quantities of historical repayment data, their training data lacks the hundreds of non-traditional variables that power our models. 
Modeling Techniques
Growth in our training data has enabled the development of increasingly sophisticated modeling techniques. For example, while earlier versions of our models were centered on logistic regression and Monte Carlo simulations, our more recent models incorporate neural networks, Bayesian hyperparameter optimization, and gradient boosting. We expect that our data science investments and continued growth of training data will unlock even more powerful techniques over time.
2
 “Variables,” often also called “features,” refers to raw variables and combined variables considered in our AI models. A “raw” variable is a non-combined, conceptually distinct unit of data, such as “applicant-reported savings.” A “combined” variable is data that has been transformed, combined, or otherwise engineered from a raw variable or set of raw variables, such as “applicant-reported savings” divided by “loan amount.”
8
Table of Contents
Model Applications
While our first model focused on predicting the likelihood of loan default, we have since applied models throughout the process of credit origination. These models quantify and reduce risk in various ways, while also increasing automation and funnel conversion.
The currently active AI models within the Upstart platform—shared by and available to all Upstart’s lending partners—include:
•
Acquisition targeting
—identifies consumers likely to qualify for and have need for a loan; 
•
Loan stacking
—identifies consumers likely to take out multiple loans in a short period of time; 
•
Time-delimited prepayment prediction
—quantifies the likelihood that a consumer will fully prepay a loan earlier than originally scheduled; 
•
Income fraud
—quantifies the risk of potential misrepresentation of borrower income; 
•
Identity fraud
—quantifies the risk that an applicant is misrepresenting their identity; 
•
Time-delimited default prediction
—quantifies the likelihood of default for each period of the loan term; and 
•
Servicing
—identifies borrowers to prioritize for servicing outreach, allowing for customized intervention and improved servicing efficiency.
Despite their sophistication, our AI models are delivered to lending partners in the form of a simple cloud application that shields borrowers from the underlying complexity. Additionally, our platform allows lending partners to tailor lending applications based on their policies and business needs. Within the construct of each lender’s self-defined lending program, our platform enables the origination of conforming and compliant loans at a low per-loan cost.
Our Ecosystem 
Our ecosystem includes consumers, banks, credit unions and auto dealers, as well as institutional investors who purchase Upstart-powered loans directly or invest in securities issued by our pass-through and securitization programs. This broad ecosystem allows participants to access and benefit from our products in a variety of ways, which leads to broader adoption of our AI lending solutions.
Consumers
On the consumer side, we have built a mobile app and a mobile-responsive website application to aggregate demand on Upstart.com, where consumers are presented with offers from our lending partners. Consumers can quickly and easily inquire about a rate, evaluate and choose a loan offer, provide necessary information for verification and review required disclosures before final acceptance of the loan. A similar experience is also offered as a branded product on lending partners’ websites. We have also made significant investments in Upstart Auto Retail, a front-end software-as-a-service application that modernizes the auto sales process for both the consumer and the dealer. Similar to Upstart.com, we expect Upstart Auto Retail to become an important aggregator of consumer demand.
Consumers on our platform are generally offered unsecured personal loans, secured auto loans, and HELOCs. Personal loans typically range from $200 to $50,000 in size, at APRs up to 35.99%, with terms typically ranging from three months to five years. Auto loans range from $3,000 to $60,000 in size, at APRs up to 29.99%, with terms ranging from two to seven years. HELOCs range from $26,000 to $250,000, at APRs up to 18.0%, with terms of 10 or 15 years. All loans feature a monthly repayment schedule and no prepayment penalty.
9
Table of Contents
Value Proposition to Consumers 
•
Higher approval rates and lower interest rates
—An internal study, conducted and published in 2024, compared our personal loan AI model to that of a traditional underwriting credit score-based model. The study demonstrated the ability of our AI model to expand credit access to borrowers. Results from the study showed that our AI model approves 101% more borrowers and yields 38% lower average APR for approved loans.
•
Superior digital experience
—Whether consumers apply for a loan through Upstart.com or directly through a lending partner’s website, the application experience is streamlined into a single application process and the loan offers provided are firm. In the year ended December 31, 2024, 91% of Upstart-powered loans were fully automated, an increase from 87% in 2023. Automation improvements were due in large part to product, engineering and machine learning enhancements such as eliminating previously manual processes, increasing the accuracy of our verification and fraud detection models, and removing inefficient or unnecessary processes and procedures.
Lending Partners and Institutional Investors
On the loan funding side, we target a wide range of small, medium, and large lending partners with an appetite to invest in improved underwriting and digital originations. Because AI is a new and disruptive technology, and lending is a traditionally conservative industry, we have brought our technology to the market in a way that allows us to grow responsibly and improve our AI models, while allowing lenders to take a prudent approach to assessing and adopting our platform. As of December 31, 2024, we had more than 100 lending partners. Our lending partners retain loans that align with their business and risk objectives. Because lenders vary with respect to program objectives, risk tolerance and funding capacity, program parameters can vary significantly across different lenders. Lending partners have access to an administrative interface for reporting and program management. We also perform fairness testing on our models to help satisfy lending partners’ regulatory obligations. 
Our lending partners control their programs when originating loans through our platform and do not solely rely on our models alone. Each lending partner sets and approves its own underwriting policy that establishes certain credit underwriting requirements determined by the lending partner. These “hard” requirements or criteria may include, without limitation, minimum credit scores, minimum and maximum loan amounts, and maximum debt to income ratio. Upstart applies the lenders’ hard criteria prior to feeding any information to its underwriting models. The majority of credit denials on the platform are due to the lending partners’ hard criteria from their underwriting policies. Borrower applications that meet a lender’s hard credit criteria are then assessed by a pricing model which takes into account the output of the Upstart risk scoring model in addition to additional pricing requirements set by lenders, such as target return objectives and maximum allowable APR limits. This process allows our lending partners to leverage our technology within the scope of their existing underwriting policies.
Loan volumes exceeding lending partners’ funding capacity or risk tolerance can be flowed through our marketplace and sold to our network of institutional investors, which have a broader and more diverse appetite for risk. As a result, we can develop our business and our AI models faster than if we relied only on the funding capacity of our lending partners. The combination of lending partner and institutional investor funding provides our lending marketplace with competitive and diverse capital.
Our network of institutional investors includes investors that buy whole loans originated via Upstart’s platform, as well as investors that buy securities, such as pass-through certificates. We are typically retained by participating institutional investors to service the loans we help originate. In the case of whole loan purchasers, we typically enter into loan purchase agreements and loan servicing agreements with such purchasers. Institutional investors may also purchase interests in loans originated via Upstart’s platform in the form of pass-through certificates. We have pass-through certificate programs sponsored by certain financial institutions under which institutional investors can purchase securities collateralized by Upstart-powered loans from an issuer trust. 
10
Table of Contents
While there are minimal differences between whole loan sales and sales of pass-through certificates from Upstart’s perspective, both programs are offered to provide flexibility to institutional investors in our marketplace. Some institutional investors may prefer pass-through certificates, which may be more liquid and require less operational complexity, while other institutional investors may prefer whole loan purchases, which are generally more cost effective. Whole loans purchased after origination may later be included in our asset-backed securitization transactions whereby interests in these Upstart-powered loans are sold to other institutional investors. 
For our asset-backed securitizations, we engage with investment banks to structure transactions under which we and/or certain of the purchasers of whole loans or pass-through certificates described in the preceding paragraphs sell pools of whole loans to a bankruptcy-remote special purpose entity. The special purpose entities, through one or more intermediate transfers and entities, create and sell tranched asset-backed notes and subordinated certificates, in each case, backed by the collective pools of Upstart-powered loans sold into the investment structure. 
Value Proposition to Lending Partners and Institutional Investors 
•
Competitive digital lending experience
—We provide banks and credit unions with a cost effective way to compete with the technology budgets of their competitors. 
•
Expanded customer base
—We refer customers that apply for loans through Upstart.com to our lending partners, helping them grow both loan volumes and number of customers. 
•
Upstart referral network
—Once we aggregate consumer demand on our website, we pass those customers to our lending partners.
•
Flexible configurations
—We built a configurable lending solution designed to meet the needs of our lending partners. Because our lending partners have complete authority and control over their lending programs, they predetermine many aspects of their loan offering, including interest rate and loan size ranges, target returns for various risk profiles, minimum credit score, maximum debt-to-income ratio, fee structures and disclosures. 
•
Servicing
—While most lending partners and institutional investors choose to have us service their loans (through a branded servicing portal), each has the option of directly servicing loans itself. Our servicing platform manages all communication with borrowers, credit reporting agencies, and when necessary, collections agencies.
•
Delivering returns
—We focus on credit performance compared to the expectations set by us at the time of origination. An equal investment in all vintages of Upstart-powered core personal loans that originated in the first quarter of 2018 through the third quarter of
 2024 
is currently expected to deliver returns in line with a blended target of 9.6%. At a more granular level, all quarterly vintages of core personal loans that originated in 2018 through the fourth quarter of 2020 are currently forecasted to meet or exceed the target returns set at the time of loan origination. The quarterly vintages of core personal loans that originated in the first quarter of 2021 through the first quarter of 2024 are currently forecasted to underperform relative to their target returns. The core personal loans that originated in the second quarter of 2024 or later are currently forecasted to deliver returns in line with target yields. This reversion in performance was driven by a combination of factors including increased conservatism in underwriting and the relative stabilization of macroeconomic conditions, as reflected in the Upstart Macro Index (“UMI”).
•
New product offerings
—While we continue to iterate and improve on our core Upstart-powered products, we have launched new credit products over the last several years to serve the auto and home lending markets and to provide a small dollar personal loan offering. Personal loans are one of the fastest-growing segments of credit in the U.S. and auto financing is the second largest segment of consumer lending. Our platform helps lenders provide a product their customers want, rather than letting customers seek loans from competitors. We continue to invest in expansion of our product offerings.
11
Table of Contents
•
Access to capital markets
—We have built a broad network of institutional investors who provide loan funding through purchases of whole loans, pass-through certificates and asset-backed securitizations. We have secured multiple committed capital and co-investment arrangements with institutional investors, which deliver a significant amount of loan funding to the Upstart marketplace. In these arrangements, we share some of the risk and upside in loan performance relative to our expectations. We continue our work on expanding our relationships with institutional investors to deliver capital to our marketplace. 
•
Continuous engagement with rating agencies
—Upstart-powered personal loans are analyzed by credit rating agencies and are subject to significant and constant scrutiny from experts. Credit ratings are often publicly available, which help institutional investors and lending partners gain confidence in Upstart-powered loans.
•
Insights into changes in the economy
—In 2023, we introduced UMI, which estimates the impact of the macroeconomy on credit performance for Upstart-powered unsecured personal loans and helps our lending partners and institutional investors better understand and account for the effect that macroeconomic conditions have on our credit performance.
Our Technology Infrastructure
Our cloud-based software platform incorporates modern technologies and software development approaches to allow for rapid development of new features. 
Cloud-Native Technologies 
We run our technology platform as containerized services on the Amazon Web Services cloud. Our architecture is designed for high availability and horizontal scalability. Our primary development platforms are Ruby on Rails and Python, but our Kubernetes-based compute environment gives us the flexibility to run heterogeneous workloads with minimal operational overhead. We deploy new software regularly without platform downtime, allowing borrowers and lenders to immediately benefit from the latest updates to our platform. 
Data Integrity and Security 
Our information security program governs how we safeguard the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our consumer and lending partner data. Our environment is continuously monitored with a suite of tools designed to detect and respond to security events in both internal and user-facing systems. We have a robust secure software development cycle and regularly engage with third parties to audit our security program and to perform regular penetration tests of our Web application and cloud environment. 
Configurable Multi-Tenant Architecture
Our multi-tenant architecture enables multiple lending partners to use the same version of our application while securely segmenting their data. Though all tenants are using the same version of our platform, our software is designed to be highly configurable to meet the needs of our diverse lending partners, allowing customizations to everything from the applicant user interface to the core rules governing credit decisioning. 
Machine Learning Platform
In order to support innovation in our underwriting, fraud detection and acquisition models, we have developed proprietary technologies to enable our machine learning team to develop, train, test and deploy new model updates with minimal engineering support. Our backend systems are designed to flexibly integrate with multiple third-party data sources to feed these models and support real-time decisioning.
12
Table of Contents
Responsive Web Design
Our user interface is responsive to ensure applicants and borrowers have a smooth experience regardless of whether they are accessing our website from a desktop, mobile device or tablet. 
Robust Reporting and Integration Capabilities
Our reporting application programming interfaces (“APIs”) provide institutional investors and lending partners the ability to access data through a programmatic interface. Our integration capabilities with lending partners include an ability to pre-fill applicant information via API and provide loan details in real-time to facilitate a seamless process from application to origination. Our lending partner reporting portal provides our lending partners with a centralized console to view real time performance metrics of their lending program, view and verify their credit policy and program configuration, and on-demand access to operational reports and documents.
Consumer Marketing 
Our growth and marketing approach is driven by the strength of our product and the interest rates we offer. While many lenders see consumer choice as a detractor from sales volume, we benefit when consumers compare our offers to other lenders’ offers. Over time, in large part due to the rapid and continuing improvements to our models, our ability to offer lower rates than our competitors has improved and we have been able to extend new loan offers to applicants who were previously not eligible or were previously quoted a higher rate. 
Our growth and marketing initiatives are primarily focused on bringing potential borrowers to Upstart.com, where they can learn if they qualify for a loan from one of our lending partners and the terms of the loan offer in only a few minutes. Our customer acquisition channels combine a mix of online and offline, as well as paid and unpaid, channels. While we constantly experiment to expand and optimize our acquisition strategies, our largest channels include: 
•
Marketing affiliates
—A variety of online media partners, such as loan aggregators, send us traffic on a cost per origination basis. Many loan aggregators also incorporate application data to provide online prescreened offers, which leads to highly targeted and interested referrals. For example, a significant number of consumers that apply for and obtain a loan on Upstart.com learn about and access Upstart.com through the website of one of our partners, Credit Karma. 
•
Direct mail
—We apply our strengths in data science to target individuals who both qualify for and may have a need for an Upstart-powered loan. The ability to analyze an individual’s credit data to target and mail prescreened offers of credit gives this channel a meaningful data advantage over other channels. 
•
Organic traffic
—As our brand recognition and reputation grow, an increasing number of potential borrowers come directly to Upstart.com. 
•
Email marketing
—We have an automated email program that sends customized messages and reminders to potential borrowers once they have created accounts to encourage them to complete their loan application. 
•
Online advertising
—Search engines and social channels enable targeted outreach to potential borrowers with specific messages. In addition, we also advertise on streaming television services.
Operations 
We have developed sophisticated tools that our internal operations team uses to support the origination and servicing of credit. Our operations teams, including credit analysts, fraud specialists, customer support, payments specialists, and supporting services (like quality assurance and training) work to deliver a seamless user experience to consumers on behalf of our lending partners.
13
Table of Contents
Loan Origination Operations
While verification is primarily and increasingly handled by our software and AI models, we also offer Upstart-designed tools to guide credit analysts and fraud specialists in cases where our software is not yet able to sufficiently verify borrower information. By providing a prescriptive and unique path for each applicant, our system helps our operations team provide a streamlined experience for as many borrowers as possible.
This team focuses on the minority of borrowers whose applications are not entirely automated or any applicant who has questions or issues throughout the application process, while expediting the approval process to the extent possible, and identifying and rejecting fraudulent applications. Our operations team works closely with our engineering and machine learning teams to further increase our levels of automation. 
Most prospective borrowers and applicants interact with Upstart via our online platform and help center, but we also make agent-based support readily available to all borrowers. For phone support, we partner with external call center vendors and have a team of dedicated Upstart agents with specialized training. 
Servicing Operations 
Upstart-powered loans, with the exception of HELOCs, are serviced via our homegrown platform. For borrowers who miss payments, we focus on early intervention and attempt to reach them via emails, calls, texts, and mail to help bring their account current or offer hardship options in accordance with the creditor’s servicing policies. Borrowers on our platform are supported via a combination of internal payments specialists and third-party service providers. 
We hold collections licenses in the majority of states and conduct first-party collections activities. We also partner with third-party agencies for collections, especially for accounts more than 30 days past due. Debt collection calls and collection performance are reviewed regularly by our quality assurance or vendor management teams. Our operations and compliance teams each also perform vendor onsite audits annually. 
Competition 
Consumer lending is a vast and competitive market, and we compete in varying degrees with all other sources of unsecured and secured consumer credit, including banks, non-bank lenders (including retail-based lenders) and other financial technology lending platforms. Because personal loans often serve as a replacement for credit cards, we also compete with the convenience and ubiquity that credit cards represent. 
On the lending partnership side, we compete with a variety of technology companies that aim to help lenders with the digital transformation of their business, particularly with respect to all-digital lending. This includes new products from legacy lending technology providers as well as newer companies focused entirely on lending software infrastructure for lenders. We may also face competition from lenders or companies that have not previously competed in the consumer lending market, including companies with large and experienced machine learning teams and access to vast amounts of consumer-related information that could be used in the development of their own credit risk models.
We believe we compete favorably based on the following competitive factors: 
•
Constantly improving AI models; 
•
Compelling loan offers to consumers that improve regularly; 
•
Automated and user-friendly loan application process; 
•
Cloud-native, multi-tenant architecture; 
•
Combination of technology and customer acquisition for lending partners; 
•
Robust and diverse lending marketplace; and 
14
Table of Contents
•
Brand recognition and trust. 
Government Regulation 
 We and the loans made through our platform by our lending partners are subject to extensive and complex rules and regulations and examination by various federal, state and local government authorities. While compliance with such requirements is at times complicated by our novel business model, we have resources and processes to help us  comply with these rules and regulations. 
We are currently, and expect in the future, to be subject to laws and regulations administered by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (the “CFPB”). In addition to the CFPB, the Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction to investigate aspects of our business, including with respect to marketing practices. Other state and federal agencies, including prudential bank regulators, state departments of financial institutions, and state attorneys general have the ability to regulate aspects of our business directly or through our lending partners. Further, we are subject to inspections, examinations, supervision and regulation by applicable agencies in each state in which we are licensed to broker, purchase, and or service loans. Regulatory oversight of our business may change over time. By way of example, in 2020, the California Consumer Financial Protection Law was enacted, which seeks to emulate the CFPB with respect to its enforcement and supervisory capabilities as well as require additional state registration for certain covered persons. We expect that regulatory examinations by both federal and state agencies will continue. 
Below, we summarize several of the material federal and state lending, servicing and consumer protection related laws applicable to our business. Many states have laws and regulations that are similar to the federal consumer protection laws referred to below, but the degree and nature of such laws and regulations vary from state to state. For more information regarding the various federal and state laws and regulations to which we are subject or may become subject, see Item 1A. “
Risk Factors
” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Federal Lending and Related Laws 
Truth in Lending Act 
The Truth in Lending Act, or TILA, and Regulation Z, which implements it, require creditors to provide consumers with uniform, understandable information concerning certain terms and conditions of their loan and credit transactions, and to comply with certain lending practice requirements and restrictions. These requirements apply to loans facilitated or made through our platform and retail installment contracts purchased by Upstart from automotive dealerships. We also assist our lending partners with their compliance obligations, as part of the services we provide. For closed-end credit transactions, required TILA disclosures are provided to all borrowers on behalf of our lending partners, which include, among other items, the annual percentage rate, the finance charge, the amount financed, the number of payments, the amount of the monthly payment, the presence and amount of certain fees, and the presence of certain contractual terms. For retail installment contracts, required disclosures can also include certain conditions related to Guaranteed Asset Protection waivers or other ancillary products. For HELOCs, required open-end disclosures are provided during the origination process and servicing requirements under TILA are fulfilled by a third party servicer that we oversee. TILA also regulates the advertising of credit and gives borrowers, among other things, certain rights regarding updated disclosures and the treatment of credit balances. 
Equal Credit Opportunity Act 
The Equal Credit Opportunity Act, or ECOA, prohibits creditors from discriminating against credit applicants on the basis of race, color, sex, age (provided that the applicant has the capacity to enter into a binding contract), religion, national origin, marital status, the fact that all or part of the applicant’s income derives from any public assistance program, or the fact that the applicant has in good faith exercised any right under the federal Consumer Credit Protection Act or certain state laws. Regulation B, which implements ECOA, prohibits discrimination based on age, gender, ethnicity, nationality, or marital status, and restricts creditors from requesting certain types of information from loan applicants or engaging in certain loan-related practices, and from using advertising or making statements that would discourage on a prohibited basis a reasonable person from making or 
15
Table of Contents
pursuing an application. These requirements apply to lending partners for loans facilitated through our platform, for automotive dealerships selling retail installment contracts, as well as to us as a service provider and as a loan originator for our HELOC product. We abide by policies and procedures implemented by our lending partners to comply with ECOA’s provisions prohibiting discouragement and discrimination. ECOA also requires creditors to provide applicants with timely notices of adverse action taken on credit applications, including disclosing to applicants who have been declined their rights and the reason for the denial. On behalf of our lending partners, we provide prospective borrowers who apply for a loan through our platform but are denied credit with an adverse action notice in compliance with applicable requirements. 
Fair Credit Reporting Act 
The federal Fair Credit Reporting Act, or FCRA, as amended by the Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act, implemented by Regulation V, promotes the accuracy, fairness, and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies. FCRA requires a permissible purpose to obtain a consumer credit report and requires that persons who report loan payment information to credit bureaus do so accurately and timely resolve disputes regarding reported information. FCRA also imposes disclosure requirements on creditors who take adverse action on credit applications based on information contained in a credit report. 
Under FCRA, users of consumer reports must also have a process by which customers may inquire about credit information furnished to a consumer reporting agency. We, our lending partners and the automotive dealerships with whom we partner have a permissible purpose for obtaining credit reports on potential borrowers, and we also obtain explicit consent from borrowers to obtain such reports. As part of our loan servicing activities, we accurately report loan payment and delinquency information to appropriate consumer reporting agencies on behalf of our lending partners. We provide an adverse action notice to rejected applicants on behalf of each lending partner at the time the applicant is rejected that includes all the required disclosures. We also have processes in place to ensure that consumers are given “opt-out” opportunities, as required by the FCRA, regarding the sharing of their personal information. We have also implemented an identity theft prevention program, as required by FCRA and its implementing regulations. 
Fair Debt Collection Practices Act 
The federal Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, or FDCPA, and Regulation F, its implementing regulation, provide guidelines and limitations on the conduct of certain debt collectors in connection with the collection of consumer debts. The FDCPA limits certain communications with third parties, imposes notice and debt validation requirements, and prohibits threatening, harassing or abusive conduct in the course of debt collection. We use our internal collection team, except for the HELOC product, and professional third-party collection agencies to service accounts, including collecting on accounts that may become delinquent. Any third-party debt collection agents we use are required to comply with the FDCPA and all other applicable laws in collecting delinquent accounts of borrowers. While our internal servicing team is not subject to the formal requirements of the FDCPA in most cases, the CFPB prohibits unfair, deceptive or abusive acts or practices in debt collection, including first-pay debt collection, and therefore, we have established policies intended to substantially comply with the collection practice requirements under the FDCPA as an industry best practice. 
Privacy and Data Security Laws 
We collect and use a wide variety of information to help ensure the integrity of our services and to provide features and functionality to the borrowers and lending partners on our platform. This aspect of our business, including the collection, use, and protection of the information we acquire from our own services as well as from third-party sources, is subject to laws and regulations in the United States. The federal Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, or GLBA, and Regulation P, its implementing regulation, include limitations on financial institutions’ disclosure of nonpublic personal information about a consumer to non-affiliated third parties. In certain circumstances, GLBA requires financial institutions to limit the use and further disclosure of nonpublic personal information by non-affiliated third parties to whom they disclose such information and requires financial institutions to disclose certain privacy policies and practices with respect to information sharing with affiliated and non-affiliated entities. Further, 
16
Table of Contents
the Federal Trade Commission’s Safeguards Rule requires us to develop, implement and maintain a written comprehensive cybersecurity program containing safeguards that are appropriate for the size and complexity of our business. Accordingly, we publish our privacy policies and terms of service, which describe our practices concerning the use, transmission, and disclosure of information. We have a detailed privacy policy that addresses the GLBA and Safeguards Rule and is accessible from every page of our website. We work to maintain the security of consumers’ personal information, and we do not sell, rent or share such information with third parties for marketing purposes unless agreed to by the consumer or in accordance with applicable law. In addition, we take measures to safeguard the personal information of borrowers and investors and protect against unauthorized access to this information. 
Consumer Financial Protection Act 
In July 2010, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Financial Projection Act, or CFPA, was signed into law. The CFPA is extensive and significant legislation that includes numerous consumer protection provisions. Among other things, the CFPA created the CFPB, which commenced operations in July 2011 and has significant authority to implement and enforce federal consumer financial laws, such as TILA, FCRA, and ECOA. The CFPB is also authorized to prevent “unfair, deceptive or abusive acts or practices” or UDAAP, through its regulatory, supervisory and enforcement authority. The CFPB engages in consumer financial education, requests data and promotes the availability of financial services to underserved customers and communities. The CFPB has regulatory and enforcement powers over most providers of consumer financial products and services through the laws it enforces, including us. It also has supervisory and examination powers over certain providers of consumer financial products and services, including large banks, payday lenders, “larger participants” in certain financial services markets defined by CFPB regulation, and non-bank entities the CFPB determines present a risk to consumers after notice and an opportunity to respond. In 2024, the CFPB for the first time exercised its right to assert supervisory authority over an entity the CFPB deemed a high risk to consumers.
The CFPB has imposed, and will continue to impose, restrictions on lending practices, including with respect to the terms of certain loans. We and our lending partners are subject to the CFPB’s enforcement authority. The CFPB may investigate our organization, business conduct, markets and activities. In addition, the CFPB may, in connection with its supervisory authority, also conduct on-site examinations of our HELOCs and our lending partners’ businesses on a periodic basis, subject to whether the applicable lending partner satisfies the assets threshold for CFPB supervision. If the CFPB were to conclude that our loan origination assistance or servicing activities, or any loans originated by our lending partners on our platform, violate applicable laws or regulations, we could be subject to a formal or informal inquiry, investigation and/or enforcement action. We are not currently subject to any enforcement actions by the CFPB. 
Federal Trade Commission Act 
Under Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act, we and our lending partners are prohibited from engaging in unfair and deceptive acts and practices, or UDAP. For nonbank financial institutions, the Federal Trade Commission, or the FTC, is the primary regulator enforcing this prohibition, and in recent years the FTC has been focused on practices of financial technology companies. The FTC is also the primary federal regulator for automotive dealerships. Based on publicly available actions, the FTC’s primary focus has been with respect to financial technology company marketing and disclosure practices as it relates to lending products, and on junk fees. We maintain policies and procedures that require our marketing and loan application and servicing operations comply with UDAP standards. We also maintain a dealership diligence program to monitor the fees charged to consumers, including for ancillary products, for retail installment contracts we purchase from dealerships. 
Federal Trade Commissions’s Consumer Claims and Defenses Rule
The Federal Trade Commission’s Consumer Claims and Defenses Rule, otherwise known as the Holder Rule, requires a seller to include a specific notice in every consumer credit contract informing consumers of their right to assert against the assignee of credit contracts, certain claims the consumer may have against the originator of a credit contract (such a dealer as the originating creditor in auto retail installment sales contracts). This rule 
17
Table of Contents
preserves the consumer’s right to assert the same claims and defenses against anyone who purchases the contract, as they would have against the original creditor. Upstart is subject to the Holder Rule as a purchaser of retail installment contracts and therefore ensures all retail installment contracts that are purchased include such notice.
Electronic Fund Transfer Act and NACHA Rules 
The federal Electronic Fund Transfer Act, or EFTA, provides guidelines and restrictions on the electronic transfer of funds from consumers’ bank accounts. Under EFTA, and Regulation E that implements it, we must obtain consumer consents prior to receiving electronic transfer of funds from consumers’ bank accounts, and loans offered by Upstart or through our lending partners may not condition an extension of credit on the borrower’s agreement to repay the loan through preauthorized (recurring) electronic fund transfers. In addition to compliance with federal laws, transfers performed by ACH electronic transfers are subject to detailed timing and notification rules and guidelines administered by the National Automated Clearinghouse Association, or NACHA. All transfers of funds related to our operations conform to the EFTA, its regulations and NACHA guidelines. As part of our servicing activities, we obtain necessary electronic authorization from borrowers and investors for such transfers in compliance with such rules. 
Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act 
The federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, or ESIGN, and similar state laws, particularly the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, or UETA, authorize the creation of legally binding and enforceable agreements utilizing electronic records and signatures. ESIGN and UETA require businesses that want to use electronic records or signatures in consumer transactions to get affirmative consent from consumers to receive or sign electronically any documents otherwise required by law to be “in writing”. When a consumer registers on our platform, we obtain consent to transact business electronically, for the consumer to receive electronic disclosures and for us to maintain electronic records in compliance with ESIGN and UETA requirements, and we maintain electronic signatures and records in a manner intended to support enforceability of relevant consumer agreements and consents. 
Federal Marketing Regulations 
The Telephone Consumer Protection Act, or TCPA, and similar state laws, generally prohibits robocalls, including those calls made using an auto-dialer or prerecorded or artificial voice calls made to a wireless telephone without the prior express consent of the called party (or prior express written consent, if messages constitute telemarketing). In addition, the FTC Telemarketing Sales Rule implements the FTC’s Do-Not-Call Registry and imposes numerous other requirements and limitations in connection with telemarketing. Our policies address the requirements of TCPA as well as FTC Telemarketing Sales Rule and other laws limiting telephone outreach. Furthermore, Upstart does not engage in prohibited activities under TCPA.
The Federal Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography and Marketing, or CAN-SPAM, Act applies to commercial messages and makes it unlawful to send electronic mail messages that contain false or deceptive information, among other requirements. CAN-SPAM also requires the sender of emails set for a commercial purpose to provide a functioning mechanism that allows the recipient to opt-out of receiving future commercial e-mail messages from the sender of such messages. Our email communications with all consumers are formulated to comply with the CAN-SPAM Act. 
Servicemembers Civil Relief Act 
Under the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act, or SCRA, and similar state laws, there are limits on interest rates chargeable to military personnel and civil judicial proceedings against them, and there are limitations on our ability to collect on a loan to servicemembers on active duty originated prior to the servicemember entering active duty status and, in certain cases, for a period of time thereafter. The ability to repossess a vehicle is also limited under the SCRA. The SCRA requires creditors to adjust the interest rate of borrowers who qualify for and request relief. If a borrower with an outstanding loan qualifies for SCRA protection the interest rate on their loan (including 
18
Table of Contents
certain fees) will be reduced to 6% for the duration of the borrower’s active duty. During this period, any interest holder in the loan will not receive the difference between 6% and the loan’s original interest rate. 
Military Lending Act 
Under the Military Lending Act, certain members of the armed forces serving on active duty and their dependents must be identified and be provided with certain protections when becoming obligated on a consumer credit transaction. These protections include: a limit on the Military Annual Percentage Rate (an all-in cost-of-credit measure which is the same as the APR for loans facilitated on our platform) of 36%, certain required disclosures before origination, a prohibition on charging prepayment penalties, a prohibition against repossessions of collateral without a court order, and a prohibition on arbitration agreements and certain other loan agreement terms. As part of the services we provide, we ensure compliance with the requirements of the Military Lending Act and state analogs that also provide protections for these consumers. 
Bank Secrecy Act, USA PATRIOT Act, and U.S. Sanctions Laws 
Under the Bank Secrecy Act, the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act, or USA PATRIOT ACT, and certain U.S. sanctions laws, our lending partners are required to maintain anti-money laundering, customer due diligence and record-keeping policies and procedures, some of which we perform on behalf of our lending partners, and to avoid doing business with certain sanctioned persons or entities or certain types of sanctioned activity in specific countries. We have implemented an BSA/AML program, or AML program, designed to prevent our platform from being used to facilitate money laundering, terrorist financing, and other illicit activity. Our AML program is designed to prevent our platform from being used to facilitate business in countries, or with persons or entities, included on designated lists promulgated by the U.S. Department of the Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Controls, or OFAC, and equivalent foreign authorities. Our AML compliance program includes policies, procedures, reporting protocols, and internal controls, including the designation of an AML compliance officer, and is designed to address these legal and regulatory requirements and to assist in managing risk associated with money laundering and terrorist financing. With respect to new borrowers, we apply the customer identification and verification program rules and screen names against the list of specially designated nationals maintained by OFAC, pursuant to the USA PATRIOT Act amendments to the Bank Secrecy Act and its implementing regulation. 
Bankruptcy Code 
Under the Bankruptcy Code, a lender is prohibited by the automatic stay, reorganization plan and discharge provisions, among others, in seeking enforcement of debts against parties who have filed for bankruptcy protection. The lender’s rights to repossess a vehicle subject to a loan in bankruptcy are also restricted. Our policies are designed to support compliance with the Bankruptcy Code for both secured and unsecured loans as we service both. 
Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act
The Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, or RESPA, and Regulation X, its implementing regulation, requires lenders and servicers of home loans to provide borrowers with pertinent and timely disclosures regarding the nature and costs of the real estate settlement process. RESPA also prohibits specific practices, such as kickbacks, and places limitations upon the use of escrow accounts. It further requires disclosures for mortgage escrow accounts at closing and annually thereafter, itemizing the charges to be paid by the borrower and what is paid out of the account by the servicer. Prior to referring a consumer to an affiliate, RESPA requires the person making each referral to provide each person to whom business is referred an Affiliated Business Arrangement Disclosure Statement. Our policies are designed to support compliance with the provisions of RESPA that apply to our HELOC product.
19
Table of Contents
State Lending Regulations 
State Privacy Laws
We are also subject to state privacy and security laws and regulations that apply to certain personal information that we collect or otherwise process, including the California Consumer Privacy Act, or CCPA, the Oregon Consumer Privacy Act and the New York Department of Financial Services Cybersecurity Regulation. In addition, various federal, state and local legislatures and regulators have enacted or otherwise implemented data security breach notification requirements that are applicable to us.
State Usury Limitations 
Upstart is not a lender other than for the purchase of retail installment contracts and for HELOCs originated by one of our subsidiaries. For these programs, transactions are governed by the state lending laws in which the transaction occurs. Personal loans originated on our platform are otherwise made by state- or federally chartered banks and credit unions. With respect to lending partners covered by Section 521 of the Depository Institution Deregulation and Monetary Control Act of 1980, or DIDMCA (for state-chartered, FDIC-insured lenders), or Section 85 of the National Bank Act, or NBA (for national banks), these lending partners are permitted to “export” interest rates and certain fees considered to be “interest” under federal law from the state where the lender is located for all loans originated by such lender, regardless of the usury limitations imposed by the state law of the borrower’s residence, unless, with respect to state-chartered banks, the borrower’s state has chosen to opt out of the exportation regime. Federal case law interpreting such provisions (including interpretations of the NBA under 
Tiffany v. National Bank of Missouri and Marquette National Bank of Minneapolis v. First Omaha Service Corporation
) and relevant regulatory guidance (including FDIC advisory opinion 92-47) support this exportation right. There are comparable permissions for federally chartered credit unions under the Federal Credit Union Act. 
State Consumer Protection Laws
Many states have consumer protection laws or laws that are analogous to the federal laws noted above, including TILA, TCPA and GLBA. The loans originated on our platform by our lending partners may be subject to state laws and regulations that impose requirements related to loan disclosures and terms, credit discrimination, credit reporting, debt collection, and unfair or deceptive business practices. The retail installment contracts we purchase and HELOCs are subject to state laws and regulations that impose requirements on contract disclosures and terms, credit discrimination, credit reporting, debt collection and repossession, and unfair or deceptive business practices. Our ongoing compliance program seeks to comply with these requirements. 
State Licensing/Registration 
We hold licenses, registrations, and similar filings so that we can conduct business, including providing referral services and origination assistance to lenders on our platform and servicing and collecting loans, and purchasing retail installment contracts, and originating HELOCs, in all states and the District of Columbia where products are offered and our activities require such licensure, registration or filing. With respect to our securitization trusts, we have a national bank that serves as our owner trustee and is itself exempt from licensure. 
Licenses granted to Upstart by state regulatory agencies are subject to periodic renewal. In addition, as the product offerings of Upstart or our lending partners change, as states enact new licensing requirements or amend existing licensing laws or regulations, or as states regulators or courts adjust their interpretations of licensing statutes and regulations, we may be required to obtain additional licenses or face additional requirements under current licenses. To that end, we have a small number of applications submitted and pending to obtain additional licenses, particularly with respect to obtaining additional authorization to engage in home lending and the purchase of retail installment contracts. We are also typically required to complete an annual report (or its equivalent) to each state’s regulator for licenses we hold in that state. Those licenses also subject us to the supervisory and examination authority of state regulators. 
20
Table of Contents
State licensing statutes impose a variety of requirements and restrictions, including: 
•
record-keeping requirements; 
•
collection and servicing practices; 
•
requirements governing electronic payments, transactions, signatures and disclosures; 
•
examination requirements; 
•
surety bond and minimum net worth requirements; 
•
financial reporting requirements; 
•
notification requirements for changes in principal officers, stock ownership or corporate control; and
•
restrictions on advertising and other loan solicitation activity, as well as restrictions on loan referral or similar practices. 
Federal Securities Regulations 
Securities Act 
Upstart and certain of our subsidiaries have relied on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act for placement of asset-backed securities directly to investors or to investment bank initial purchasers, which have relied on Rule 144A and Regulation S exemptions from registration to place such asset-backed securities to qualified institutional buyers and non-U.S. investors, respectively. 
Investment Advisers Act 
The Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended, or IAA, contains substantive legal requirements that regulate the manner in which “investment advisers” are permitted to conduct their business activities. We believe that our business consists of providing a platform for consumer lending and loan financing for which investment adviser registration and regulation does not apply under applicable federal or state law, and do not believe that we or any of our subsidiaries are required to register as an investment adviser with either the SEC or any of the various states. 
Broker-Dealer Regulations under the Exchange Act 
We are not currently registered with the SEC as a broker-dealer under the Exchange Act or any comparable state law. The SEC heavily regulates the manner in which broker-dealers are permitted to conduct their business activities. We believe we have conducted, and we intend to continue to conduct, our business in a manner that does not result in Upstart being characterized as a broker-dealer, based on guidance published by the SEC and its staff. 
ABS Risk Retention Rules 
Regulation RR was jointly issued by a group of federal agencies under section 15G of the Exchange Act, as well as under the Federal Reserve Act, section 8 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, the Home Owners’ Loan Act of 1933; section 165 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act; and the International Banking Act of 1978. Its purpose is to require securitizers to retain an economic interest in a portion of the credit risk of assets that the securitizer transfers or sells to an issuing entity and that collateralize asset-backed securities that are sold to a third party. We believe we have structured our organization such that we are in compliance with Regulation RR and will continue to conduct our business in a manner that allows us to remain in compliance with this regulation. 
21
Table of Contents
Compliance 
We review our policies and procedures to ensure compliance with laws and regulations applicable to us and our lending partners. We have built our systems and processes with controls in place in order to permit our policies and procedures to be followed on a consistent basis. For example, to ensure proper controls are in place to maintain compliance with the consumer protection related laws and regulations, we have developed a compliance management system consistent with the regulatory expectations published by governmental agencies. While no compliance program can assure that there will not be violations, or alleged violations, of applicable laws, we believe that our compliance management system is reasonably designed and managed to minimize compliance-related risks. 
Intellectual Property 
We protect our intellectual property through a combination of patents, trademarks, domain names, copyrights and trade secrets, as well as through contractual provisions, our information security infrastructure and restrictions on access to or use of our proprietary technology. As of December 31, 2024, we had four patents issued and four patent applications in the United States related to our proprietary risk model and data engineering. We may file additional patent applications or pursue additional patent protection in the future to the extent we believe it will be beneficial. 
We have trademark rights in our name, our logo and other brand indicia, and have trademark registrations for select marks in the United States. We will pursue additional trademark registrations to the extent we believe it will be beneficial. We also have registered domain names for websites that we use in our business. We may be subject to third party claims from time to time with respect to our intellectual property. 
Additionally, we rely upon unpatented trade secrets and confidential know-how and continuing technological innovation to develop and maintain our competitive position. We also enter into confidentiality and intellectual property rights agreements with our employees, consultants, contractors and business partners. Under such agreements, our employees, consultants and contractors are subject to invention assignment provisions designed to protect our proprietary information and ensure our ownership in intellectual property developed pursuant to such agreements. 
For additional information about our intellectual property and associated risks, see Item 1A. “
Risk Factors
” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Culture and Workforce
We have built a very special company culture at Upstart. Building the best place for top talent to do great work has been a priority for us from day one. We have received best place to work awards in both our San Mateo and Columbus locations. As our business continues recovering from the macro-economic challenges we encountered over the last couple of years, our employees remain engaged and inspired by our mission; retention of our top talent is as high as it has been since we went public in 2020.

We brought together a remarkable diversity of thinkers to build Upstart. Our co-founders and the members of our management team come from diverse backgrounds with varying ethnicities, education backgrounds, genders and ages. This diversity of thought ensures we tackle problems from all angles and arrive at the best solution for all stakeholders. 
Recruiting
We attract and recruit diverse, exceptionally talented, highly educated, experienced and motivated employees. We have an extremely rigorous recruiting and employee candidate screening process. For example, our machine learning team, responsible for the development and constant improvement of our AI models, is unlike any other that we are aware of in the consumer lending space. The majority of the members of this team have doctorate 
22
Table of Contents
degrees in statistics, mathematics, computer science, economics or physics and many have extensive past experience in quantitative finance.
Culture
The Upstart culture is central to our talent advantage and we have carefully and thoughtfully built it as we have grown. Equity and inclusion underpin everything we do in the people programs we build. From our compensation practices to how we think about talent management and team development to the perks and benefits we invest in, each decision we make and every strategy we build is considered with the lens of ensuring we create a culture that inspires the best work from all employees, and fairly and equitably rewards results from everyone. 
Upstart employees are also passionate about building an environment that works for all. Over the last few years, we have invested heavily in growing our employee resource groups, and currently have nine employee led organizations designed to support employees in communities that matter to them. This includes our African American Employee Network, Catalyst (for our LGBTQ2IA+ community), Unidos, APU (for Asian American Upstarters), and most recently, a Veterans ERG, along with more than 20 clubs and special interest groups. 

Digital First Approach
A few years ago, we shifted our talent location strategy to one that focused on “digital” work first. Employees in eligible roles (which comprise the majority of our full-time roles) can work from anywhere in the United States, including in one of our five offices in Austin, Texas; Columbus, Ohio; New York, New York; or San Mateo, California. However, to ensure we continue to build relationships and capture the magic of those innovative, in-person “aha” moments, we also provide travel and onsite budgets to ensure teams can come together regularly. We believe the benefits of in-office work can be captured in just a few well-considered days together, so this flexible approach provides Upstart the best of all worlds: in-person collaboration and team building as well as access to diverse talent all over the country.
Employee Benefits 
In addition to providing competitive benefits like fully paid health insurance, life insurance and disability, flexible time off for our salaried employees, and fully paid parental leave, we invest in benefits that will provide financial flexibility and financial wellness for our employees - we see this as central to our brand as an employer, and to attracting the types of employees that will be passionate about our mission to serve borrowers. We continue to provide flexible “wellness” and “productivity” budgets allowing our diverse population of employees to spend in ways that will be most useful for them. Inspired by our company mission, we also provide important traditional financial benefits like a 401(k) match (where we match 401(k) contributions up to a set dollar amount, ensuring equal access to these benefits dollars regardless of salary level), a generous Employee Stock Purchase Plan, and access to a financial planning and money management platform. We believe that these employee benefits, combined with competitive salaries and an equity program that grants restricted stock units to all full-time employees, have ensured that we remain a top employer in our industry.
As of December 31, 2024, we had 1,193 full-time employees. We also engage temporary employees, contractors and consultants as needed to support our operations. None of our employees are represented by a labor union or subject to a collective bargaining agreement. We have not experienced any work stoppages, and we consider our relations with our employees to be good.
Corporate Information 
Upstart Network, Inc. was incorporated in Delaware in 2012. Pursuant to a restructuring, Upstart Holdings, Inc. was incorporated in December 2013 and became the holding company of Upstart Network, Inc. Our principal executive offices are located at 2950 S. Delaware Street, Suite 410, San Mateo, California 94403, and our telephone number is (833) 212-2461. Our website address is www.upstart.com. The content of our websites and information that can be accessed through our websites is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or 
23
Table of Contents
in any other report or document we file with the SEC, and any references to our websites are intended to be inactive textual references only.
Available Information
Our website is located at www.upstart.com and our investor relations website at ir.upstart.com. Copies of our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to these reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, are available free of charge on our investor relations website as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. The SEC also maintains a website that contains our SEC filings at www.sec.gov. The content of our websites and information that can be accessed through our websites is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with the SEC, and any references to our websites are intended to be inactive textual references only.
We announce material information to the public about us, our products and services and other matters through a variety of means, including filings with the SEC, press releases, public conference calls, webcasts, the investor relations section of our website (ir.upstart.com), in order to achieve broad, non-exclusionary distribution of information to the public and for complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD.
24
Table of Contents