Item 1A. Risk Factors.

 In October 2023, the Federal Reserve issued a proposal under which, if adopted, the maximum permissible interchange fee for an electronic debit transaction would be the sum of 14.4 cents per transaction and 4 basis points multiplied by the value of the transaction. Furthermore, the fraud-prevention adjustment would increase from a maximum of 1 cent to 1.3 cents. The proposal would, if adopted, adopt an approach for future adjustments to the interchange fee cap, which would occur every other year based on issuer cost data gathered by the Federal Reserve from large debit card issuers. The comment period for this proposal ended in May 2024.

Anti-Money Laundering and the Patriot Act

The USA Patriot Act of 2001 (the “Patriot Act”) facilitates the ability of U.S. law enforcement agencies and intelligence communities to work together to combat terrorism on a variety of fronts. The Patriot Act imposes significant compliance and due diligence obligations, specifies crimes and penalties and establishes the extra-territorial jurisdiction of the United States. The U.S. Treasury Department has issued a number of implementing regulations, which apply various requirements of the Patriot Act to financial institutions such as BancFirst, Pegasus and Worthington. Those regulations impose obligations on financial institutions to maintain appropriate policies, procedures and controls to detect, prevent and report money laundering and terrorist financing, and have significant implications for depository institutions, brokers, dealers and other businesses involved in the transfer of money. The Patriot Act also requires federal bank regulators to evaluate the effectiveness of an applicant in combating money laundering in determining whether to approve a proposed bank acquisition. Failure of a financial institution to maintain and implement adequate programs to combat money laundering and terrorist financing, or to comply with all of the relevant laws or regulations, could have serious legal and reputational consequences for the institution, including causing applicable bank regulatory authorities not to approve merger or acquisition transactions when regulatory approval is required or to prohibit such transactions even if approval is not required. Regulatory authorities have imposed cease and desist orders and civil money penalties against institutions found to be violating these obligations.

Office of Foreign Assets Control Regulation

The U.S. Treasury Department’s Office of Foreign Assets Control, or OFAC, administers and enforces economic and trade sanctions against targeted foreign countries and regimes, under authority of various laws, including designated foreign countries, nationals and others. OFAC publishes lists of specially designated targets and countries.

Banking regulators examine banks for compliance with the economic sanctions regulations administered by OFAC. Financial institutions are responsible for, among other things, blocking accounts of, and transactions with, such targets and countries, prohibiting unlicensed trade and financial transactions with them and reporting blocked transactions after their occurrence. Failure to comply with these sanctions could have serious financial, legal and reputational consequences, including causing applicable bank regulatory authorities not to approve merger or acquisition transactions when regulatory approval is required or to prohibit such transactions even if approval is not required. Regulatory authorities have imposed cease and desist orders and civil money penalties against institutions found to be violating these obligations.

Community Reinvestment Act

The Community Reinvestment Act of 1977 (the “CRA”), requires depository institutions to assist in meeting the credit needs of their market areas consistent with safe and sound banking practices. Under the CRA, each depository institution is required to help meet the credit needs of its market areas by, among other things, providing credit to low- and moderate-income individuals and communities. Depository institutions are periodically examined for compliance with the CRA and are assigned ratings. In order for a financial holding company to commence any new activity permitted by the BHC Act, or to acquire any company engaged in any new activity permitted by the BHC Act, each insured depository institution subsidiary of the financial holding company must have received a rating of at least “satisfactory” in its most recent examination under the CRA. Furthermore, banking regulations take into account the CRA rating when considering approval of a proposed transaction. During its last examination in 2024, a rating of “satisfactory” was received by BancFirst. During its last examination in 2020, a rating of “satisfactory” was received by Pegasus. During its last examination in 2018, a rating of "outstanding" was received by Worthington.

 On October 24, 2023, the OCC, the Federal Reserve Board and the FDIC, issued a joint final rule to modernize the CRA regulatory framework. The final rule is intended, among other things, to adapt to changes in the banking industry, including the expanded role of mobile and online banking, and to tailor performance standards to account for differences in bank size and business models. The final rule introduces new tests under which the performance of banks with over $2 billion in assets will be assessed. The new rule also includes

12

Table of Contents

data collection and reporting requirements, some of which are applicable only to banks with over $10 billion in assets, such as BancFirst. Subject to pending litigation, we anticipate most provisions of the final rule will become effective on January 1, 2026, and the data reporting requirements will become effective on January 1, 2027.

Consumer Laws and Regulations

Banks and other financial institutions are subject to numerous laws and regulations intended to protect consumers in their transactions with banks. These laws include the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Truth in Lending Act, the Truth in Savings Act, the Electronic Fund Transfer Act, the Expedited Funds Availability Act, the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, the Fair Housing Act, the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, the Service Members Civil Relief Act and these laws’ respective state-law counterparts, as well as state usury laws and laws regarding unfair and deceptive acts and practices. These and other federal laws, among other things, require disclosures of the cost of credit and terms of deposit accounts, provide substantive consumer rights, prohibit discrimination in credit transactions, regulate the use of credit report information, provide financial privacy protections, prohibit unfair, deceptive and abusive practices, restrict the Company’s ability to raise interest rates and subject the Company to substantial regulatory oversight. Violations of applicable consumer protection laws can result in significant potential liability from litigation brought by customers, including actual damages, restitution and attorneys’ fees. Federal bank regulators, state attorneys general and state and local consumer protection agencies may also seek to enforce consumer protection requirements and obtain these and other remedies, including regulatory sanctions, customer rescission rights, action by the state and local attorneys general in each jurisdiction in which the Company operates and civil money penalties. Failure to comply with consumer protection requirements may also result in the Company’s failure to obtain any required bank regulatory approval for merger or acquisition transactions the Company may wish to pursue or its prohibition from engaging in such transactions even if approval is not required.

The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (“CFPB”) is a federal agency responsible for implementing, examining and enforcing compliance with federal consumer protection laws. The CFPB focuses on:

•
Risks to consumers and compliance with the federal consumer financial laws, when it evaluates the policies and practices of a financial institution. 

•
The markets in which firms operate and risks to consumers posed by activities in those markets. 

•
Depository institutions that offer a wide variety of consumer financial products and services.

•
Depository institutions with a more specialized focus. 

•
Non-depository companies that offer one or more consumer financial products or services.

The CFPB has broad rulemaking authority for a wide range of consumer financial laws that apply to all banks, including, among other things, the authority to prohibit “unfair, deceptive or abusive” acts and practices. Abusive acts or practices are defined as those that materially interfere with a consumer’s ability to understand a term or condition of a consumer financial product or service or take unreasonable advantage of a consumer’s (i) lack of financial savvy, (ii) inability to protect himself in the selection or use of consumer financial products or services, or (iii) reasonable reliance on a covered entity to act in the consumer’s interests. The CFPB can issue cease-and-desist orders against banks and other entities that violate consumer financial laws. The CFPB may also institute a civil action against an entity in violation of federal consumer financial law in order to impose a civil penalty or injunction. The CFPB has examination and enforcement authority over all banks with more than $10 billion in assets, as well as their affiliates. Banking regulators take into account compliance with consumer protection laws when considering approval of a proposed transaction.

In October 2024, the CFPB issued a final rule that requires a provider of payment accounts or products, such as a bank, to make data available to consumers, free upon request, regarding the products or services they obtain from the provider. Any such data provider is also required to make such data available to third parties, with the consumer’s express authorization and through an interface that satisfies formatting, performance, and security standards, for the purpose of such third parties providing the consumer with financial products or services requested by the consumer. Data required to be made available under the rule includes transaction information, account balance, account and routing numbers, terms and conditions, upcoming bill information, and certain account verification data. The final rule is intended to give consumers control over their financial data, including with whom it is shared, and encourage competition in the provision of consumer financial products or services. Banks with over $10 billion and less than $250 billion in total assets must comply with the new requirements by April 1, 2027.

 In December 2024, the CFPB issued a final rule that, among other things, amends Regulation Z (otherwise known as the “Truth In Lending Act”) and impacts extensions of overdraft credit offered by financial institutions with more than $10 billion in assets. The final rule defines overdraft credit as generally including consumer credit extended by a financial institution to pay a transaction from a

13

Table of Contents

checking or other transaction account (other than a prepaid account) held at the financial institution when the consumer has insufficient or unavailable funds in that account. The final rule requires that extensions of overdraft credit adhere to consumer protections required of similarly situated products, unless the overdraft fee is at or below the institution's costs and losses as determined by (i) calculating its own costs and losses using a standard set forth in the rule; or (ii) relying on a benchmark flat fee of five dollars. An overdraft that incurs charges that exceed costs and losses will become a covered overdraft credit and subject to Regulation Z which requires that lenders disclose borrowing costs, interest rates and fees upfront and in clear language so consumers can understand all the terms and make informed decisions. Furthermore, covered overdraft credit extensions must be put in a credit account and may not be structured as a negative balance on a checking or other transaction account. The provisions of the final rule become effective on October 1, 2025.

Interstate Banking and Branching

Under the Riegle-Neal Interstate Banking and Branching Efficiency Act, as amended by the Dodd-Frank Act (the “Riegle-Neal Act”), a bank holding company may acquire banks in states other than its home state, subject to any state requirement that the bank has been organized and operating for a minimum period of time, not to exceed five years, and the requirement that the bank holding company, prior to or following the proposed acquisition, control no more than 10% of the total amount of deposits of insured depository institutions nationwide and no more than 30% of such deposits in that state (or such amount as set by the state if such amount is lower than 30%).

The Riegle-Neal Act also authorizes banks to merge across state lines, thereby creating interstate branches. Banks are also permitted to either acquire existing banks or to establish new branches in other states where authorized under the laws of those states. The Dodd-Frank Act also requires that a bank holding company or bank be well-capitalized and well-managed (rather than simply adequately capitalized and adequately managed) in order to take advantage of these interstate banking and branching provisions.

The Volcker Rule

The Volcker Rule under the Dodd-Frank Act restricts banks and their affiliates from engaging in proprietary trading and investing in and sponsoring hedge funds and private equity funds. The Volcker Rule does not significantly impact the operations of the Company.

Depositor Preference

The FDI Act provides that, in the event of the “liquidation or other resolution” of an insured depository institution, the claims of depositors of the institution (including the claims of the FDIC as subrogee of insured depositors) and certain claims for administrative expenses of the FDIC as a receiver, will have priority over other general unsecured claims against the institution. If an insured depository institution fails, insured and uninsured depositors, along with the FDIC, will have priority in payment ahead of unsecured, non-deposit creditors with respect to any extensions of credit they have made to such insured depository institution.

Changes in Laws, Regulations or Policies

Banking is a heavily regulated industry. Additional initiatives may be proposed or introduced before Congress and other government bodies in the future. Such proposals, if enacted, may further alter the structure, regulation and competitive relationship among financial institutions and may subject the Company to increased supervision and disclosure and reporting requirements. In addition, the various bank regulatory agencies often adopt new rules, regulations, and policies to implement and enforce existing legislation. It cannot be predicted whether, or in what form, any such legislation or regulatory changes in policy may be enacted or the extent to which the business of the Company would be affected thereby.

State Regulation

BancFirst is an Oklahoma-chartered state bank. Accordingly, BancFirst’s operations are subject to various requirements and restrictions of Oklahoma state law relating to loans, lending limits, interest rates payable on deposits, investments, mergers and acquisitions, borrowings, dividends, capital adequacy and other matters. However, Oklahoma banking law specifically empowers a state-chartered bank such as BancFirst to exercise the same powers as are conferred upon national banks by the laws of the United States and the regulations and policies of the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, unless otherwise prohibited or limited by the Oklahoma Banking Commissioner or the Oklahoma State Banking Board. Accordingly, unless a specific provision of Oklahoma law otherwise provides, a state-chartered bank is empowered to conduct all activities that a national bank may conduct.

Pegasus and Worthington are Texas-chartered state banks. Accordingly, their operations are subject to various requirements and restrictions of Texas state law relating to loans, lending limits, interest rates payable on deposits, investments, mergers and acquisitions, borrowings, dividends, capital adequacy and other matters. However, Texas banking law specifically empowers state-chartered banks such as Pegasus and Worthington to exercise the same powers as are conferred upon national banks by the laws of the United States and the regulations and policies of the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, unless otherwise prohibited or limited by the Texas Banking

14

Table of Contents

Commissioner or the Texas Finance Commission. Accordingly, unless a specific provision of Texas law otherwise provides, a state-chartered bank is empowered to conduct all activities that a national bank may conduct.

National banks are authorized by the GLB Act to engage, through “financial subsidiaries,” in any activity that is permissible for a financial holding company and any activity that the Secretary of the Treasury, in consultation with the Federal Reserve Board, determines is financial in nature or incidental to any such financial activity, except (1) insurance underwriting, (2) real estate development or real estate investment activities (unless otherwise permitted by law), (3) insurance company portfolio investments and (4) merchant banking. The authority of a national bank to invest in a financial subsidiary is subject to a number of conditions, including, among other things, requirements that the bank must be well managed and well capitalized (after deducting from the bank’s capital outstanding investments in financial subsidiaries). The GLB Act provides that state member banks, such as BancFirst, Pegasus and Worthington, may invest in financial subsidiaries (assuming they have the requisite investment authority under applicable state law), subject to the same conditions that apply to national bank investments in financial subsidiaries.

As a state member bank, BancFirst is subject to primary supervision, periodic examination and regulation by the Oklahoma Banking Department and the Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City, and Oklahoma law provides that BancFirst must maintain reserves against deposits as required by the FDI Act. The Oklahoma Banking Commissioner is authorized by statute to accept a Federal Reserve Bank examination in lieu of a state examination. In practice, the Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City and the Oklahoma Banking Department alternate examinations of BancFirst. If, as a result of an examination of a bank, the Oklahoma Banking Department determines that the financial condition, capital resources, asset quality, earnings prospects, management, liquidity, or other aspects of the bank’s operations are unsatisfactory or that the management of the bank is violating or has violated any law or regulation, various remedies, including the remedy of injunction, are available to the Oklahoma Banking Department. Oklahoma law permits the acquisition of an unlimited number of wholly-owned bank subsidiaries so long as aggregate deposits at the time of acquisition in a multi-bank holding company do not exceed 20% of the total amount of deposits of insured depository institutions located in Oklahoma.

As state member banks, Pegasus and Worthington are subject to primary supervision, periodic examination and regulation by the Texas Department of Banking and the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas, and Texas law provides that Pegasus and Worthington must maintain reserves against deposits as required by the FDI Act. The Texas Department of Banking is authorized by statute to accept a Federal Reserve Bank examination in lieu of a state examination. In practice, the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas and the Texas Department of Banking alternate examinations. If, as a result of an examination of a bank, the Texas Department of Banking determines that the financial condition, capital resources, asset quality, earnings prospects, management, liquidity, or other aspects of the bank’s operations are unsatisfactory or that the management of the bank is violating or has violated any law or regulation, various remedies, including the remedy of injunction, are available to the Texas Department of Banking.

In addition to the provisions of the GLB Act that authorize state member banks to invest in financial subsidiaries (assuming they have the requisite investment authority under applicable state law) on the same conditions that apply to national banks, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act (“FDICIA”) provides that FDIC-insured state banks such as BancFirst, Pegasus and Worthington may engage directly or through a subsidiary in certain activities that are not permissible for a national bank, if the activity is authorized by applicable state law, the FDIC determines that the activity does not pose a significant risk to the DIF and the bank is in compliance with its applicable capital standards.

Securities Laws

The Company’s common stock is publicly held and listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market, and the Company is subject to the periodic reporting, information, proxy solicitation, insider trading, corporate governance and other requirements and restrictions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder as well as listing requirements of the NASDAQ. In addition, the Dodd-Frank Act includes provisions that affect corporate governance and executive compensation at most United States publicly traded companies, including the Company.

The Company is also subject to the accounting oversight and corporate governance requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, including:

•
required executive certification of financial presentation; 

•
increased requirements for board audit committees and their members; 

•
enhanced disclosures of controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting; 

15

Table of Contents

•
enhanced controls over, and reporting of, insider trading and 

•
increased penalties for financial crimes and forfeiture of executive bonuses in certain circumstances. 

Available Information

The Company maintains a website at www.bancfirst.bank. The Company provides copies of the most recently filed 10-K, 10-Q and proxy statements, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after the Company electronically files the material with, or furnishes it to, the SEC. The website also provides links to the SEC’s website (http://www.sec.gov) where all of the Company’s filings with the SEC can be obtained immediately upon filing. You may also request a copy of the Company’s filings, at no cost, by writing or telephoning the Company at the following address:

BancFirst Corporation

100 N. Broadway Ave.

Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 73102

ATTENTION: Randy Foraker

Executive Vice President

(405) 270-1044

1A. 
Risk Factors

In the course of conducting our business operations, we are exposed to a variety of risks that are inherent to the financial services industry. The following discusses some of the key inherent risk factors that could affect our business and operations. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we are facing. Other factors besides those discussed below or elsewhere in this report also could adversely affect our business and operations, and the risk factors discussed below should not be considered a complete list of potential risks that may affect us. Further, to the extent that any of the information contained in this report constitutes forward-looking statements, the risk factors set forth below also are cautionary statements identifying important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of us.

Risks Related to Our Business

Interest Rate Risks

Fluctuations in interest rates could reduce our profitability.

We realize income primarily from the difference between interest earned on loans and investments and the interest paid on deposits and borrowings. We expect that we will periodically experience “gaps” in the interest rate sensitivities of our assets and liabilities, meaning that either our interest-earning assets will be more sensitive to changes in market interest rates than our interest-bearing liabilities, or vice versa. Changes in market interest rates could either positively or negatively affect our net interest income and our profitability, depending on the magnitude, direction and duration of the change. If interest rates decline, our net interest margin could experience compression.

We are unable to predict fluctuations of market interest rates, which are affected by, among other factors, changes in inflation rates, economic growth, money supply, government debt, domestic and foreign financial markets and political developments, including terrorist acts and acts of war. Our asset-liability management strategy, which is designed to mitigate our risk from changes in market interest rates, may not be able to mitigate changes in interest rates from having a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.

Credit and Lending Risks

We may be adversely affected by declining crude oil and natural gas prices.

As of December 31, 2024, the price per barrel of crude oil was approximately $72 down from $76 at December 31, 2023. At December 31, 2024, the price per million British thermal units of natural gas was approximately $3.02 up from $2.51 at December 31, 2023. If oil and natural gas prices drop below the marginal cost of production for an extended period, we would expect to experience weaker energy loan demand and increased losses within our energy portfolio. Furthermore, a prolonged period of low oil and natural gas prices could also have a negative impact on the energy producing economies and, in particular, the economies of states such as Oklahoma and Texas, where the energy industry is a significant driver of economic activity. Although as of December 31, 2024, oil and

16

Table of Contents

gas loans comprised 6.4% of our loan portfolio, the impact of lower oil and natural gas prices could have an indirect impact on our other loan portfolio segments, for example, commercial real estate (“CRE”).

A substantial portion of our loan portfolio is secured by real estate, in particular commercial real estate. Deterioration in the real estate markets could lead to losses, which could have a material negative effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

Loans secured by real estate constitute a significant portion of our loan portfolio. At December 31, 2024, this percentage was approximately 71%. While our record of asset quality has historically been solid, we cannot guarantee that our record of asset quality will be maintained in future periods. The ability of our borrowers to repay their loans could be adversely impacted by a significant change in market conditions, which not only could result in our experiencing an increase in charge-offs, but also could necessitate increasing our provision for credit losses. In addition, because one to four family residential and commercial real estate loans represent the majority of our real estate loans outstanding, a decline in tenant occupancy due to such factors or for other reasons could adversely impact the ability of our borrowers to repay their loans on a timely basis, which could have a negative impact on our financial condition and results of operations.

We are subject to environmental liability risk associated with lending activities.

A significant portion of our loan portfolio is secured by real property. During the ordinary course of business, we may foreclose on and take title to properties securing certain loans. In doing so, there is a risk that hazardous or toxic substances could be found on these properties. If hazardous or toxic substances are found, we may be liable for remediation costs, as well as for personal injury and property damage. Environmental laws may require us to incur substantial expenses and may materially reduce the affected property’s value or limit our ability to use or sell the affected property. In addition, future laws or more stringent interpretations or enforcement policies with respect to existing laws may increase our exposure to environmental liability. Although we have policies and procedures to perform an environmental review before initiating any foreclosure action on real property, these reviews may not be sufficient to detect all potential environmental hazards. The remediation costs and any other financial liabilities associated with an environmental hazard could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

If a significant number of customers fail to perform under their loans, our business, profitability and financial condition would be adversely affected.

There are inherent risks associated with our lending activities. As a lender, we face the risk that a significant number of our borrowers will fail to pay their loans because of other factors, including the impact of changes in interest rates and changes in the economic conditions in the markets where we operate. If borrower defaults cause losses in excess of our allowance for credit losses, it could have an adverse effect on our business, profitability and financial condition. We have established an evaluation process designed to recognize credit losses as they occur. While this evaluation process uses historical and other objective information, the classification of loans and the estimation of credit losses are dependent to a great extent on our experience and judgment. If charge-offs in future periods exceed the allowance for credit losses, we will need additional provisions to increase the allowance for credit losses. Any increases in the allowance for credit losses will result in a decrease in net income and capital, and may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” located elsewhere in this report for further discussion related to our process for determining the appropriate level of the allowance for credit losses. We cannot assure you that our future credit losses will not have any material adverse effects on our business, profitability or financial condition.

17

Table of Contents

External and Market-Related Risks

Changes in economic conditions, especially in the State of Oklahoma, pose significant challenges for us and could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.

Our business is affected by conditions outside our control, including the rate of economic growth in general, the level of unemployment, increases in inflation and the level of interest rates. Economic conditions affect the level of demand for and the profitability of our products and services. A slowdown in the general economic activity, particularly in Oklahoma, could negatively impact our business. BancFirst operates exclusively within the State of Oklahoma and, unlike larger national or superregional banks that serve a broader and more diverse geographic region; BancFirst lending is also primarily concentrated in the State of Oklahoma. As a result, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows are subject to changes in the economic conditions in the State of Oklahoma. Our continued success is largely dependent upon the continued growth or stability of the communities we serve. A decline in the economies of these communities could negatively impact our net income and profitability. Additionally, declines in the economies of these communities and of the State of Oklahoma in general could affect our ability to generate new loans, receive repayments of existing loans and our ability to attract new deposits, adversely affecting our financial condition.

Maintaining or increasing our market share depends on market acceptance and regulatory approval of new products and services.

Our success depends, in part, upon our ability to adapt our products and services to evolving industry standards and consumer demand. There is increasing pressure on financial services companies to provide products and services at lower prices. In addition, the widespread adoption of new technologies, including Internet-based services, could require us to make substantial expenditures to modify or adapt our existing products or services. A failure to achieve market acceptance of any new products we introduce, or a failure to introduce products that the market may demand, could have an adverse effect on our business, profitability or growth prospects.

Changes in consumer use of banks and changes in consumer spending and savings habits could adversely affect our financial results.

Technology and other changes now allow many customers to complete financial transactions without using banks. For example, consumers can pay bills and transfer funds directly without going through a bank. This process of eliminating banks as intermediaries could result in the loss of fee income, as well as the loss of customer deposits and income generated from those deposits. In addition, changes in consumer spending and savings habits could adversely affect our operations, and we may be unable to timely develop competitive new products and services in response to these changes.

The soundness of other financial institutions could have a material adverse effect on our business, growth and profitability.

Financial services institutions are interrelated because of trading, clearing, counterparty or other relationships. We have exposure to many different industries and counterparties, and routinely execute transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, including commercial banks, brokers and dealers, investment banks and other institutional clients. Many of these transactions expose our business to credit risk in the event of a default by a counterparty or client. In addition, our credit risk may be exacerbated when the collateral we hold cannot be realized upon or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of the credit or derivative exposure due to us. Any such losses could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

Negative developments in the banking industry could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.

 The bank failures and related negative media attention in early 2023 have generated significant market trading volatility among publicly traded bank holding companies and, in particular, regional, as well as community banks like the Company. These developments have negatively impacted customer confidence in regional and community banks that are not considered too big to fail, which has prompted customers to move uninsured deposits to banks that are perceived as too big to fail. Further, competition for deposits has recently increased and available yields have similarly increased, causing non-interest-bearing deposits to move to interest-bearing deposits and off-balance sheet sweep accounts. If such movement is permanent, it will reduce our net interest margin going forward. The financial impact on the Company of ongoing market volatility, continued inflation and higher interest rates will depend on future developments which are highly uncertain and difficult to predict.

Competition with other financial institutions could adversely affect our profitability.

We face vigorous competition from banks and other financial institutions, including savings and loan associations, savings banks, finance companies and credit unions. A portion of these banks and other financial institutions have substantially greater resources and lending limits, larger branch systems and other banking services that we do not offer. To a limited extent, we also compete with other providers of financial services, such as money market mutual funds, brokerage firms, consumer finance companies and insurance

18

Table of Contents

companies. When new competitors seek to enter one of our markets, or when existing market participants seek to increase their market share, they sometimes undercut the pricing and/or credit terms prevalent in that market. This competition may reduce or limit our margins on banking and trust services, reduce our market share and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.

Failure to keep pace with technological change could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.

The financial services industry is undergoing rapid technological changes with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services. In addition to better serving our customers, the effective use of technology increases our efficiency and enables us to reduce costs. Our future success will depend in part upon our ability to address the needs of our customers by using technology to provide products and services that will satisfy customer demands for convenience as well as to create additional efficiencies in our operations as we continue to grow and expand our market area. Many of our larger competitors have substantially greater resources to invest in technological improvements. As a result, they may be able to offer additional or superior products to those that we will be able to offer, which would put us at a competitive disadvantage. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that we will be able to effectively implement new technology-driven products and services or be successful in marketing such products and services to our customers.

Compliance and Regulatory Risks

We operate in a highly regulated environment and may be adversely affected by changes in federal and state laws and regulations.

We are subject to extensive regulation, supervision and examination by federal and state banking authorities. Any change in applicable regulations or federal or state legislation could have a substantial impact on us and our results of operations. Changes to statutes, regulations or regulatory policies or supervisory guidance, including changes in interpretation or implementation of statutes, regulations, policies or supervisory guidance, could affect us in substantial and unpredictable ways. Such changes could subject us to additional costs, limit the types of financial services and products we may offer and/or increase the ability of non-banks to offer competing financial services and products, among other things. Failure to comply with laws, regulations, policies or supervisory guidance could result in enforcement and other legal actions by federal or state authorities, including criminal and civil penalties, the loss of FDIC insurance, the revocation of a banking charter, other sanctions by regulatory agencies, civil money penalties and/or reputational damage. In this regard, government authorities, including the bank regulatory agencies, are pursuing aggressive enforcement actions with respect to compliance and other legal matters involving financial activities, which heightens the risks associated with actual and perceived compliance failures. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

We anticipate the current presidential administration will seek to implement regulatory reform. Changes in the regulatory environment for the banking industry, including rule-making, supervision, examination, enforcement and other executive and legislative changes add uncertainty, including timing and scope of potential changes. Additional changes in fiscal, monetary or regulatory policy may have adverse consequences including impacts to the labor market, tariffs and inflation which may impact our financial performance.

See the section captioned “Supervision and Regulation” included in