Item 1. Business, located elsewhere in this report.

Changes in monetary policies may have an adverse effect on our business.

Our results of operations are affected by credit policies of monetary authorities, particularly the Federal Reserve Board. Actions by monetary and fiscal authorities, including the Federal Reserve Board, could have an adverse effect on our deposit levels, loan demand or business earnings. See “Item 1 - Business-Supervision and Regulation.” Our profitability is greatly dependent upon our earning a positive interest spread between our loan and securities portfolio, and our funding deposits and borrowings. Changes in the level of interest rates, a prolonged unfavorable interest rate environment or a decrease in our level of deposits that increases our cost of funds could negatively affect our profitability and financial condition.

Acquisition Related Risk

There can be no assurance that the integration of our acquisitions will be successful or will not result in unforeseen difficulties that may absorb significant management attention.

Our completed acquisitions, or any future acquisition, may not produce the revenue, cost savings, earnings or synergies that we anticipated. The process of integrating acquired companies into our business may also result in unforeseen difficulties. Unforeseen operating difficulties may absorb significant management attention, which we might otherwise devote to our existing business. Also, the process may require significant financial resources that we might otherwise allocate to other activities, including the ongoing development or expansion of our existing operations. Additionally, we may be exposed to potential asset quality issues or unknown or

19

Table of Contents

contingent liabilities of the banks, businesses, assets and liabilities we acquire. If these issues or liabilities exceed our estimates, our results of operations and financial condition may be negatively affected.

If we pursue a future acquisition, our management could spend a significant amount of time and effort identifying and completing the acquisition. If we make a future acquisition, we could issue equity securities, which would dilute current stockholders’ percentage ownership, incur substantial debt, assume contingent liabilities and be required to record an impairment of goodwill or any combination of the foregoing.

Liquidity Risk

We are subject to liquidity risk.

Liquidity is the ability to fund increases in assets and meet obligations as they come due, all without incurring unacceptable losses. Banks are especially vulnerable to liquidity risk because of their role in the transformation of demand or short-term deposits into longer-term loans or other extensions of credit. We, like other financial-services companies, rely to a significant extent on external sources of funding (such as deposits and borrowings) for the liquidity needed in the conduct of our business. A number of factors beyond our control, however, could have a detrimental impact on the level or cost of that funding and thus on our liquidity. These include market disruptions, changes in our credit ratings or the sentiment of our investors, the loss of substantial deposit relationships and reputational damage. Unexpected declines or limits on the dividends declared and paid by our subsidiaries also could adversely affect our liquidity position. While our policies and controls are designed to ensure that we maintain adequate liquidity to conduct our business in the ordinary course even in a stressed environment, there can be no assurance that our liquidity position will never become compromised. In such an event, we may be required to sell assets at a loss in order to continue our operations. This could damage the performance and value of our business, prompt regulatory intervention and harm our reputation, and if the condition were to persist for any appreciable period of time, our viability as a going concern could be threatened. See “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk—Liquidity Risk” in Part II, Item 7A for a discussion of how we monitor and manage liquidity risk.

Operational Risks

Our accounting estimates and risk-management processes may not be effective in mitigating risk and loss.

We maintain an enterprise risk-management program that is designed to identify, quantify, monitor, report and control the risks that it faces. These include interest-rate risk, credit risk, liquidity risk, operational risk, reputational risk and compliance and litigation risk. While we assess and improve this program on an ongoing basis, there can be no assurance that its approach and framework for risk-management and related controls will effectively mitigate risk and limit losses in our business. To comply with generally accepted accounting principles, management must sometimes exercise judgment in selecting, determining and applying accounting methods, assumptions and estimates. This can arise, for example, in determining the allowance for credit losses or the fair value of assets or liabilities. The judgments required of management can involve difficult, subjective, or complex matters with a high degree of uncertainty, and several different judgments could be reasonable under the circumstances and yet result in significantly different results being reported. See “Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates” in Part II, Item 7. If management’s judgments later prove to have been inaccurate, we may experience unexpected losses that could be substantial.

Additionally, the processes we use to estimate our expected credit losses and to measure the fair value of financial instruments, as well as the processes used to estimate the effects of changing interest rates and other market measures on our financial condition and results of operations, depends upon the use of analytical and forecasting models. These models reflect assumptions that may not be accurate, particularly in times of market stress or other unforeseen circumstances. Even if these assumptions are adequate, the models may prove to be inadequate or inaccurate because of other flaws in their design or their implementation. If the models we use for interest rate risk and asset-liability management are inadequate, we may incur increased or unexpected losses upon changes in market interest rates or other market measures. If the models we use for determining our probable credit losses are inadequate, the allowance for credit losses may not be sufficient to support future charge-offs. If the models we use to measure the fair value of financial instruments are inadequate, the fair value of such financial instruments may fluctuate unexpectedly or may not accurately reflect what we could realize upon sale or settlement of such financial instruments. Any such failure in our analytical or forecasting models could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Technological advances in payment processing is expected to negatively impact our interchange revenue.

Interchange fees, or “swipe” fees, are charges that merchants pay to the processors who, in turn, share that revenue with us and other card-issuing banks for processing electronic payment transactions. Rapid, significant technological changes continue to confront the payments industry. Technological advances and the growth of e-commerce have made it possible for non-depository institutions to

20

Table of Contents

offer products and services that traditionally were banking products, and for financial institutions and other companies to provide electronic and internet-based financial solutions for processing electronic payment transactions. These include developments in smart cards, e-commerce, mobile and radio frequency and proximity payment devices, such as contactless cards. Ongoing or increased competition in payment processing may restrict our ability to generate interchange revenue in the future. For the year ended December 31, 2024, debit card interchange revenue represented 14.5% of our noninterest income.

Consumer protection laws and the Durbin Amendment may reduce our noninterest income.

We are subject to a number of federal and state consumer protection laws that extensively govern our relationship with our customers. The Dodd-Frank Act established the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ("CFPB") with powers to supervise and enforce consumer protection laws. The CFPB has broad rule-making authority for a wide range of consumer protection laws that apply to all banks and savings institutions, including the authority to prohibit "unfair, deceptive or abusive acts and practices.” The CFPB also has examination and enforcement authority over all banks and savings institutions with more than $10 billion in assets for certain designated consumer laws and regulations. The other federal banking agencies enforce such consumer laws and regulations for banks and savings institutions under $10 billion in assets. These and other federal laws, among other things, require disclosures of the cost of credit and terms of deposit accounts, provide substantive consumer rights, prohibit discrimination in credit transactions, regulate the use of credit report information, provide financial privacy protections, prohibit unfair, deceptive and abusive practices and restrict our ability to raise interest rates and charge non-sufficient funds ("NSF") fees. A significant portion of our noninterest income is derived from service charge income, including NSF fees, which represented 16.8% of our noninterest income for the year ended December 31, 2024. Violations of applicable consumer protection laws could result in enforcement actions and significant potential liability from litigation brought by customers, including actual damages, restitution and attorneys’ fees. In addition, we are subject to political pressures that could limit our ability to charge NSF and overdraft fees.

In addition, the Durbin Amendment is a provision in the larger Dodd-Frank Act that gave the Federal Reserve the authority to establish rates on debit card transactions. The Durbin Amendment aims to control debit card interchange fees and restrict anti-competitive practices. The law applies to banks with over $10 billion in assets, such as the Company, and limits these banks on what they charge for debit card interchange fees.

We have businesses other than banking.

In addition to commercial banking services, we provide property and casualty and other insurance products, as well as other business and financial services. We may in the future develop or acquire other non-banking businesses. As a result of other such businesses, our earnings could be subject to risks and uncertainties that are different from those to which our commercial banking services are subject. In developing and marketing new lines of business and/or new products and services, we may invest significant time and resources. Initial timetables for the introduction and development of new lines of business and/or new products or services may not be achieved and price and profitability targets may not prove feasible. External factors, such as compliance with regulations, competitive alternatives, and shifting market preferences, may also impact the successful implementation of a new line of business or a new product or service. Furthermore, any new line of business and/or new product or service could have a significant impact on the effectiveness of our system of internal controls. Failure to successfully manage these risks in the development and implementation of new lines of business or new products or services could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Our information systems may experience an interruption or breach in security.

We rely heavily on communications and information systems to conduct our business. Any failure, interruption or breach in security of these systems could result in failures or disruptions in our customer relationship management, general ledger, deposit, loan and other systems. Information security breaches and cybersecurity-related incidents may include, but are not limited to, attempts to access information, including customer and company information, malicious code, computer viruses and denial of service attacks that could result in unauthorized access, misuse, loss or destruction of data (including confidential customer information), account takeovers, unavailability of service or other events. These types of threats may derive from human error, fraud or malice on the part of external or internal parties, or may result from accidental technological failure. Further, to access our products and services our customers may use computers and mobile devices that are beyond our security control systems. Our technologies, systems, networks and software and those of other financial institutions have been, and are likely to continue to be, the target of cybersecurity threats and attacks, which may range from uncoordinated individual attempts to sophisticated and targeted measures directed at us. The risk of a security breach or disruption, particularly through cyber-attack or cyber intrusion, has increased as the number, intensity and sophistication of attempted attacks and intrusions from around the world have increased.

Our business requires the collection and retention of large volumes of customer data, including personally identifiable information in various information systems that we maintain and in those maintained by third parties with whom we contract to provide data services.

21

Table of Contents

We also maintain important internal company data such as personally identifiable information about our employees and information relating to our operations. The integrity and protection of that customer and company data is important to us. Our collection of such customer and company data is subject to extensive regulation and oversight, which may increase in complexity and extent in the future. Our customers and employees have been, and will continue to be, targeted by parties using fraudulent e-mails and other communications in attempts to misappropriate passwords, bank account information or other personal information or to introduce viruses or other malware through “Trojan horse” programs to our information systems and/or our customers' computers. Though we endeavor to mitigate these threats through product improvements, use of encryption and authentication technology and customer and employee education, such cyber-attacks against us or our merchants and our third party service providers remain a serious issue. The pervasiveness of cybersecurity incidents in general and the risks of cybercrime are complex and continue to evolve. More generally, publicized information concerning security and cyber-related problems could inhibit the use or growth of electronic or web-based applications or solutions as a means of conducting commercial transactions.

Although we make significant efforts to maintain the security and integrity of our information systems and have implemented various measures to manage the risk of a security breach or disruption, there can be no assurance that our security efforts and measures will be effective or that attempted security breaches or disruptions would not be successful or damaging. Even the most well protected information, networks, systems and facilities remain potentially vulnerable because attempted security breaches, particularly cyber-attacks and intrusions, or disruptions will occur in the future, and because the techniques used in such attempts are constantly evolving and generally are not recognized until launched against a target, and in some cases are designed not to be detected and, in fact, may not be detected. Accordingly, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate security barriers or other preventative measures, and thus it is virtually impossible for us to entirely mitigate this risk. While we maintain specific “cyber” insurance coverage, which would apply in the event of various breach scenarios, the amount of coverage may not be adequate in any particular case. Furthermore, because cyber threat scenarios are inherently difficult to predict and can take many forms, some breaches may not be covered under our cyber insurance coverage. A security breach or other significant disruption of our information systems or those related to our customers, merchants and our third party vendors, including as a result of cyber-attacks, could (i) disrupt the proper functioning of our networks and systems and therefore our operations and/or those of certain of our customers; (ii) result in the unauthorized access to, and destruction, loss, theft, misappropriation or release of confidential, sensitive or otherwise valuable information of ours or our customers; (iii) result in a violation of applicable privacy, data breach and other laws, subjecting us to additional regulatory scrutiny and expose us to civil litigation, enforcement action, governmental fines and possible financial liability; (iv) require significant management attention and resources to remedy the damages that result; or (v) harm our reputation or cause a decrease in the number of customers that choose to do business with us. The occurrence of any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Risks Associated with Our Common Stock

The trading volume in our common stock is less than that of other larger financial services companies.

Although our common stock is listed for trading on the NASDAQ Global Select Market, the trading volume in our common stock is generally less than that of other, larger financial services companies. A public trading market having the desired characteristics of depth, liquidity and orderliness depends on the presence in the marketplace of willing buyers and sellers of our common stock at any given time. This presence depends on the individual decisions of investors and general economic and market conditions over which we have no control. Given the lower trading volume of our common stock, significant sales of our common stock, or the expectation of these sales, could cause our stock price to fall.

We may not continue to pay dividends on our common stock in the future.

We have historically paid a common stock dividend. However, as a bank holding company, our ability to declare and pay dividends is dependent on certain federal regulatory considerations, including the guidelines of the Federal Reserve Board regarding capital adequacy and dividends. Additionally, our ability to declare or pay dividends on our common stock may also be subject to certain restrictions in the event that we elect to defer the payment of interest on our junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures. There can be no certainty that our common dividend will continue to be paid at the current levels. It is possible that our common dividend could be reduced or even cease to be paid. In such case, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and investors may lose all or part of their investment.

Our directors and executive officers own a significant portion of our common stock and can influence stockholder decisions.

Our directors and executive officers, as a group, beneficially owned 32% of our outstanding common stock as of January 31, 2025. As a result of their ownership, the directors and executive officers have the ability for all practical purposes, by voting their shares in concert, to control the outcome of any matter submitted to our stockholders for approval, including the election of directors, which requires only a majority vote. The directors and executive officers may vote to cause us to take actions with which our other stockholders do not agree.

22

Table of Contents

Our amended certificate of incorporation, as well as certain provisions of banking law and Oklahoma corporate law, could make it difficult for a third party to acquire our company.

Oklahoma corporate law and our amended certificate of incorporation contain provisions that could delay, deter or prevent a change in control of our management or us. Together, these provisions may discourage transactions that otherwise could provide for the payment of a premium over prevailing market prices of our common stock, and also could limit the price that investors are willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock. Additionally, provisions of federal banking laws, including regulatory approval requirements, could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us, even if doing so would be perceived to be beneficial to our shareholders. These provisions effectively inhibit a non-negotiated merger or other business combination, which, in turn, could adversely affect the market price of our common stock.

An investment in our common stock is not an insured deposit.

Our common stock is not a bank deposit and, therefore, is not insured against loss by the FDIC, any other deposit insurance fund or by any other public or private entity. Investment in our common stock inherently involves risk for the reasons described in this “Risk Factors” section and elsewhere in this report and is subject to the same market forces that affect the price of common stock in any company. As a result, if you acquire our common stock, you could lose some or all of your investment.

Our stock price can be volatile.

Stock price volatility may make it more difficult for you to resell your common stock when you want and at prices you find attractive. Our stock price can fluctuate significantly in response to a variety of factors including, among other things: actual or anticipated variations in quarterly results of operations; recommendations by securities analysts; operating and stock price performance of other companies that investors deem comparable to us; news reports relating to trends, concerns and other issues in the financial services industry; perceptions in the marketplace regarding us and/or our competitors; new technology used, or services offered by competitors; significant acquisitions or business combinations, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments by or involving us or our competitors; failure to integrate acquisitions or realize anticipated benefits from acquisitions; changes in government regulations; and geopolitical conditions such as acts or threats of terrorism or military conflicts.

General market fluctuations, industry factors and general economic and political conditions and events, such as economic slowdowns or recessions, interest rate changes or credit loss trends, could also cause our stock price to decrease regardless of our operating results.

General Risk Factors

We rely on certain external vendors.

We are reliant upon certain external vendors to provide products and services necessary to maintain our day-to-day operations. These third party vendors are sources of operational and informational security risk to us, including risks associated with operational errors, information system interruptions or breaches and unauthorized disclosures of sensitive or confidential client or customer information. If these vendors encounter any of these issues, or if we have difficulty communicating with them, we could be exposed to disruption of operations, loss of service or connectivity to customers, reputational damage and enforcement and litigation risk that could have a material adverse effect on our business and, in turn, our financial condition and results of operations.

Changes in accounting standards could impact our consolidated

financial statements and reported earnings.

Accounting standard-setting bodies, such as the Financial Accounting Standards Board, periodically change the financial accounting and reporting standards that affect the preparation of the consolidated financial statements. These changes are beyond our control and could have a meaningful impact on our consolidated financial statements.

If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud.

Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and effectively prevent fraud. Any inability to provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud could harm our business. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires management and our auditors to evaluate and assess the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. These requirements may be modified, supplemented or amended from time to time. Implementing these changes may take a significant amount of time and may require specific compliance training of our personnel. We have in the past discovered, and may in the future discover, areas of our internal control over financial reporting that need improvement. If our auditors or we discover a material weakness, the disclosure of that fact,

23

Table of Contents

even if quickly remedied, could reduce the market’s confidence in our consolidated financial statements and have an adverse effect on our stock price. We may not be able to effectively and timely implement necessary control changes and employee training to ensure continued compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and other regulatory and reporting requirements. Our historic growth and our expansion through acquisitions present challenges to maintaining the internal control and disclosure control standards applicable to public companies. If we fail to maintain effective internal controls, we could be subject to regulatory scrutiny and sanctions, our ability to recognize revenue could be impaired and investors could lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports. We cannot assure you that we will continue to fully comply with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act or that management or our auditors will conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is effective in future periods.

We may need to raise additional capital in the future, and such capital may not be available when needed or at all.

We may need to raise additional capital in the future to provide us with sufficient capital resources and liquidity to meet our commitments and business needs, particularly if our asset quality or earnings were to deteriorate significantly. Our ability to raise additional capital, if needed, will depend on, among other things, conditions in the capital markets at that time, which are outside of our control and our financial performance. Economic conditions and the loss of confidence in financial institutions may increase our cost of funding and limit access to certain customary sources of capital, including inter-bank borrowings, repurchase agreements and borrowings from the discount window of the Federal Reserve Board.

We cannot assure that such capital will be available on acceptable terms or at all. Any occurrence that may limit our access to the capital markets, such as a decline in the confidence of debt purchasers, depositors or counterparties participating in the capital markets, or a downgrade of our debt ratings, may adversely affect our capital costs and our ability to raise capital and, in turn, our liquidity. Moreover, if we need to raise capital in the future, we may have to do so when many other financial institutions are also seeking to raise capital, and we would have to compete with those institutions for investors. An inability to raise additional capital on acceptable terms when needed could have a materially adverse effect on our businesses, financial condition and results of operations.

We rely heavily on our management team, and the unexpected loss of key managers may adversely affect our operations.

Our success to-date has been strongly influenced by our ability to attract and to retain senior management experienced in banking and financial services. Our ability to retain executive officers and the current management teams of each of our lines of business will continue to be important to the successful implementation of our strategies. We do not have employment or non-compete agreements with these key employees. The unexpected loss of services of any key management personnel, or the inability to recruit and retain qualified personnel in the future, could have an adverse effect on our business and financial results.

Item 1B. 
Unresolved Staff Comments.

None.

Item 1C. Cybersecurity
.

 The Company recognizes the critical importance of maintaining the safety and security of its systems to protect its customers, maintain its reputation, and preserve the value of the Company and data and therefore have an enterprise-wide risk management framework for overseeing and managing cybersecurity and related risks. The process is supported by both management and its Board of Directors.

The Company relies heavily on sensitive information to run daily operations and deliver products and services. To protect the availability, integrity, and confidentiality of sensitive information and sensitive infrastructure, the Board of Directors requires the Company develop and implement a comprehensive Information Security Program, which focuses on the confidentiality, availability and security of information and systems. The Information Security Program defines the strategy that the Company uses to protect and secure its systems and media that process and maintain sensitive information. The program details the governance, management, operations, and assurance of the program, and seeks to identify, prevent and mitigate cyber threats and to respond effectively to cyber threats when they occur.

The cybersecurity function, is led by the Company's 
Chief Information Officer 
("CIO"), who reports to The Company's Chief Operating Officer ("COO").
 The Chief Information Security Officer ("CISO") 
reports to the CIO and generally is responsible for management of cybersecurity risk 
and the protection and defense of the Company's networks and systems. 
The CISO manages a team of cybersecurity professionals with broad experience and expertise, including threat assessments and detection, mitigation technologies, cybersecurity training, incident response, insider threats and regulatory compliance.

24

Table of Contents

The Company has not, as of the date of this Form 10-K, experienced a cybersecurity threat or incident that resulted in a material adverse impact to its business or operations.
 Nevertheless, there are no assurances the Company will not experience such an incident in the future. Such incidents, whether or not successful, could result in the Company incurring significant costs related to, for example, rebuilding its internal systems, implementing additional threat protection measures, defending against litigation, responding to regulatory inquiries or actions, paying damages, risk of customers moving relationships with the Company to another institution, or taking other remedial steps with respect to third parties, as well as incurring significant reputational harm.

Board Oversight

Our Board of Directors is responsible for overseeing our enterprise risk management activities in general, and each of our Board committees assists the Board in the role of risk oversight.
 The full Board receives an update on the Company’s risk management process and the risk trends related to cybersecurity at least annually and receive reports on incidents that exceed certain thresholds and updates on responses thereto. The Information Security Committee is directly responsible for oversight of risks related to cybersecurity. 
The Board receives reports on information security and cybersecurity from the Information Security Committee at least four times a year.

Risk Management and Strategy

The Company continuously seeks to identify threats, vulnerabilities, and cybersecurity risks on information assets. 
Threats are identified through experience, regulatory alerts, information sharing, third party vendors, internal and external security assessments, and industry periodicals.

The risk assessment process identifies areas that are required to be protected and determine if adequate controls are used to safeguard the Company against threats and vulnerabilities. Adjustments required to adhere to regulatory changes are a regular function of the assessment process as well as changes to technologies, processes, and other factors. From the analyses, any additional controls are identified, prioritized and implemented.

Security Controls and Continuous Monitoring

Security controls and design are critical to mitigating risks. The Company works to protect its computing environments and products from cybersecurity threats through multi-layered defenses and applies lessons learned from its defense and monitoring efforts to help prevent future attacks. The Company utilizes data analytics to detect anomalies and monitor for possible cyber threats. 
The Company's Cybersecurity Operations Center provides comprehensive cyber threat detection and response capabilities and maintains a 24x7 monitoring system which complements the technology, processes and threat detection techniques the Company uses to monitor, manage and mitigate cybersecurity threats.
 From time to time, the Company 
engages
 third party consultants or other advisors to assist in assessing, identifying and/or managing cybersecurity threats. The Company's Internal Audit function also conducts information technology and cybersecurity reviews and assessments.
Threat Intelligence

The Company considers threat intelligence from third party sources to strengthen systems and network preparedness for cybersecurity risks. The Company uses associations, such as the Financial Services Information Sharing and Analysis Center ("FS-ISAC"), to stay informed of threat information.

Third Party Risk Assessments

The Company conducts information security assessments before sharing or allowing the hosting of sensitive data in computing environments managed by third parties, and its standard terms and conditions contain contractual provisions requiring certain security protections.
Incident Response and Recovery Planning

The Company has established comprehensive incident response and recovery plans and continues to regularly test and evaluate the effectiveness of those plans. The Company's incident response and recovery plans address and guide its employees, management and the Board on its response to a cybersecurity incident.

25

Table of Contents

Training and Awareness
The Company provides awareness training to its employees to help identify, avoid and mitigate cybersecurity threats. All employees with network access participate annually in required training, including spear phishing and other awareness training.  The Company also periodically conducts walkthrough exercises with management and other employees to practice cyber incident response.