Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including 
“
If our information technology systems or those of the third parties upon which we rely, are or were compromised, we could experience adverse consequences resulting from such compromise, including, but not limited to, significant fines or other liability; regulatory investigations or actions; disruptions of our development programs or business operations; harms to our reputation, and other adverse consequences
.”
Cybersecurity Governance
Our board of directors addresses our cybersecurity risk management as part of its general oversight function. The board of directors’ audit committee is responsible for overseeing our cybersecurity risk management processes, including oversight and mitigation of risks from cybersecurity threats.

Our cybersecurity risk assessment and management processes are implemented and maintained by certain individuals in our management, including our S
VP of IT and Facilities
, who has over 30 years of IT experience, including 10 years of information security experience, in various IT leadership roles in life sciences companies.

Our SVP of IT and Facilities is responsible for hiring appropriate personnel, helping to integrate cybersecurity risk considerations into our overall risk management strategy, and communicating key priorities to relevant personnel. 
Our SVP of IT and Facilities is responsible for preparing budgets, helping prepare for cybersecurity incidents, approving cybersecurity processes, and reviewing security assessments and other security-related reports.

Our cybersecurity incident response processes are designed to escalate certain cybersecurity incidents and vulnerabilities to members of management depending on the circumstances, including our President and CFO. Our President and CFO works 
95
Table
 of 
Contents

with our incident response team to help us mitigate and remediate cybersecurity incidents of which they are notified. In addition, our incident response processes include 
reporting to the audit committee of the board of directors for certain cybersecurity incidents
. 
The audit committee receives quarterly or as needed reports from our SVP of IT and Facilities concerning our significant cybersecurity threats and risk and the processes we have implemented to address them. The audit committee also has access to various reports, summaries or presentations related to cybersecurity threats, risk and mitigation.