Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
23
Our 
board
 of directors oversees the Company’s risk management process, including cybersecurity risks, directly and through its committees. The audit committee of the Company’s board of directors provides structured oversight of the Company’s risk management program, which focuses on the most significant short-, intermediate-, and long-term risks the Company faces. The Company has an information security compliance committee (the “Committee”) that consists of the members of the Company's compliance committee, which reports to the board of directors, and at least three members of Company management. The Committee is responsible for overseeing the development and upkeep of written policies and procedures aimed at safeguarding the Company’s information systems and the nonpublic information stored within them. In addition, the Committee plays a crucial role in the governance of the cybersecurity risk management process. This involves collaborating with third-party industry experts and the Company’s internal audit team to conduct risk assessments of the Company’s information security program (the “Program”). The assessments encompass an evaluation of the Company’s adherence to the Program, including the elements of the Program that are dictated by relevant laws, regulations, and the Company’s information security manual.
 Furthermore, the Company conducts periodic cybersecurity assessments and preparedness analyses, supervised by our 
Vice President, Engineering – Security, Compliance, and Trust
, who maintains a CRISC certification, has more than twenty years of experience in information security, risk management, and regulatory compliance in the financial services industry, and serves as our designated Chief Information Security Officer (“CISO”).

At least annually, our internal audit team conducts a formal risk assessment and develops an audit plan that identifies, assesses, and prioritizes risks that include cybersecurity. The results of the risk assessment and the proposed audit plan are communicated to various leaders within the Company as well as the audit committee of the board of directors for input. The audit plan is reassessed throughout the year, and the plan is subject to modification by our internal audit team, e.g., based on such considerations as changes to resources, business operations, or internal or external risk factors. The CISO also issues an annual written report to the board of directors on the Program and material cybersecurity risks.  
The Company takes a risk-based approach to cybersecurity and has implemented cybersecurity policies throughout its operations that are designed to address cybersecurity threats and incidents. In particular, the Company has adopted and maintains written policies and procedures for the protection of Company’s information systems and nonpublic information stored on those systems, which are based on the Company’s risk assessment and that address all other specific topics as may be required by applicable laws and regulations. The Company requires all team members with access to any of its information systems, including contractors, to complete social engineering, cybersecurity, and compliance training programs annually. 
The Program includes processes to coordinate and facilitate the implementation of information security best practices and services throughout the Company and to comply with applicable cybersecurity requirements under federal and state laws and regulations, including, but not limited to, the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, and the New York State Department of Financial Services Cybersecurity Requirements for Financial Services Companies, 23 NYCRR 500. The Program is based on the Company’s risk assessment and designed to perform in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. 
The Company has established and maintains a comprehensive information security incident management plan (the “Plan”) that allows the Company to respond quickly and effectively to cybersecurity threats and cybersecurity incidents, including cybersecurity breaches, in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.  
The Company routinely engages third-party industry experts to work in conjunction with our internal audit team in performing risk assessments of the Program and the Plan and of the Company’s execution of the Program and the Plan.

The CISO, in coordination with the information security managers, is responsible for leading the assessment and management of cybersecurity risks. The Company’s information security team has extensive experience in information security and previous information security work experience in several industries, including defense, manufacturing, and financial services. The CISO reports to the board of directors, the audit committee, and senior management on cybersecurity threats.