Item 1. Business “Regulation” for a discussion of regulatory risk factors.
ITEM 1B.    UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS
None.
ITEM 1C.    CYBERSECURITY
The Company regularly assesses risks from cybersecurity threats, monitors its information systems for potential vulnerabilities, and tests those systems pursuant to the Company’s cybersecurity policies, standards, processes, and practices, which are integrated into the Company’s 
overall
 risk management program. We have adopted aspects of the ISO 27002, NIST SP 800-37 Rev. 2, and NIST Cybersecurity frameworks, to which risk management in relation to our information systems is aligned. We categorize our information systems as either critical or secondary, depending on business value and/or risk of financial or compliance impact of cybersecurity incidents
. 
Our information security team uses a multifaceted approach to assess, identify, and manage material risks to the Company from cybersecurity threats, including testing of the effectiveness of our cybersecurity incident prevention and response systems; conducting routine vulnerability scanning of information systems assets; network/endpoint detection and response coupled with anomaly identification enhanced logging capabilities powered by artificial intelligence software; discovery through collaboration with the Company’s internal audit team; monitoring of threat intelligence feeds provided by industry associations/groups, service providers, and federal/state authorities; and professional service engagements, such as retaining the services of an external 24/7 security operations center and partnering with third parties in testing our information systems for vulnerabilities from external, internal, and social engineering perspectives and assessing the effectiveness of our cybersecurity controls.
The Company partners with 
third-party
 service providers and employs processes to assess, identify, and manage material risks from cybersecurity threats arising from the use of such 
third-party
 service providers. Our latest assessment attempted to identify vulnerabilities in our network and systems from external, internal, and social engineering perspectives. Our cybersecurity practices (including with respect to third-party service providers) have been assessed to represent a level of maturity consistent with industry best practices.

Risks from cybersecurity threats, including as a result of any previous cybersecurity incidents, have not materially affected the Company, including its business strategy, results of operations, and financial condition.
 For more information about these risks, see the disclosure under the heading “Technology and Cybersecurity Risks” in Part I,