Item 3.
Legal Proceedings
34
Item 4.
Mine Safety Disclosures
34
PART II
Item 5.
Market for the Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
35
Item 6.
[Reserved]
36
Item 7.
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
37
Item 7A.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
70
Item 8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
71
Item 9.
Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
136
Item 9A.
Controls and Procedures
136
Item 9B.
Other Information
138
Item 9C.
Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections
138
PART III
Item 10.
Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
139
Item 11.
Executive Compensation
140
Item 12.
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
140
Item 13.
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
140
Item 14.
Principal Accounting Fees and Services
141
PART IV
Item 15.
Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules
142
Item 16.
Form 10-K Summary
147
SIGNATURES
148
2
OLD NATIONAL BANCORP
2024 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K
GLOSSARY OF ABBREVIATIONS AND ACRONYMS
As used in this report, references to “Old National,” “the Company,” “we,” “our,” “us,” and similar terms refer to the consolidated entity consisting of Old National Bancorp and its wholly owned subsidiaries. Old National Bancorp refers solely to the parent holding company, and Old National Bank refers to Old National Bancorp’s bank subsidiary.
The acronyms and abbreviations identified below are used throughout this report, including the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. You may find it helpful to refer to this page as you read this report.
ACH:  Automated Clearing House
AOCI:  accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
AQR:  asset quality rating
ASC:  Accounting Standards Codification
ASU:  Accounting Standards Update
ATM:  automated teller machine
BBCC:  business banking credit center (small business)
Bremer:  Bremer Financial Corporation
CapStar:  CapStar Financial Holdings, Inc.
CECL:  current expected credit loss
CFPB:  Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
Common Stock:  Old National Bancorp common stock, no par value
DTI:  debt-to-income
ESG: environmental, social, and governance
FASB:  Financial Accounting Standards Board
FDIC:  Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
FHLB:  Federal Home Loan Bank
FHLBI:  Federal Home Loan Bank of Indianapolis
FHTC:  Federal Historic Tax Credit
FICO:  Fair Isaac Corporation
First Midwest:  First Midwest Bancorp, Inc.
GAAP:  U.S. generally accepted accounting principles
IDI: insured depository institution
LGD:  loss given default
LIBOR:  London Interbank Offered Rate
LIHTC:  Low Income Housing Tax Credit
LTV:  loan-to-value
Merger:  merger between Old National and Bremer
N/A:  not applicable
N/M:  not meaningful
NASDAQ:  NASDAQ Global Select Market
NMTC:  New Markets Tax Credit
NOW:  negotiable order of withdrawal
OCC:  Office of the Comptroller of the Currency
PCD:  purchased credit deteriorated
PD:  probability of default
Preferred Stock:  Old National Bancorp preferred stock
Renewable Energy:  investment tax credits for solar projects
SEC:  U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
SOFR:  Secured Overnight Financing Rate
3
OLD NATIONAL BANCORP
2024 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
This report contains certain “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (the “Act”), notwithstanding that such statements are not specifically identified as such. In addition, certain statements may be contained in our future filings with the SEC, in press releases, and in oral and written statements made by us that are not statements of historical fact and constitute forward‐looking statements within the meaning of the Act. These statements include, but are not limited to, descriptions of Old National’s financial condition, results of operations, asset and credit quality trends, profitability and business plans or opportunities. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “contemplate,” “continue,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “guidance,” “intend,” “may,” “outlook,” “plan,” “potential,” “predict,” “should,” “would,” and “will,” and other words of similar meaning. These forward-looking statements express management’s current expectations or forecasts of future events and, by their nature, are subject to risks and uncertainties. There are a number of factors that could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those in such statements, including, but not limited to: competition; government legislation, regulations and policies; the ability of Old National to execute its business plan; unanticipated changes in our liquidity position, including but not limited to changes in our access to sources of liquidity and capital to address our liquidity needs; changes in economic conditions and economic and business uncertainty which could materially impact credit quality trends and the ability to generate loans and gather deposits; inflation and governmental responses to inflation, including increasing interest rates; market, economic, operational, liquidity, credit, and interest rate risks associated with our business; our ability to successfully manage our credit risk and the sufficiency of our allowance for credit losses; the failure to obtain necessary regulatory approvals for the Merger (and the risk that such approvals may result in the imposition of conditions that could adversely affect the combined company or the expected benefits of the proposed transaction) and the possibility that the Merger does not close when expected or at all because required regulatory approvals, the approval by Bremer’s shareholders, or other approvals and the other conditions to closing are not received or satisfied on a timely basis or at all; the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstances that could give rise to the right of one or both of the parties to terminate the merger agreement between Old National and Bremer; the expected cost savings, synergies, and other financial benefits from the Merger not being realized within the expected time frames and costs or difficulties relating to integration matters being greater than expected; potential adverse reactions or changes to business or employee relationships, including those resulting from the completion of the Merger; the impact of purchase accounting with respect to the Merger, or any change in the assumptions used regarding the assets acquired and liabilities assumed to determine their fair value and credit marks; risks relating to the potential dilutive effect of shares of Old National’s common stock to be issued in the Merger; the potential impact of future business combinations on our performance and financial condition, including our ability to successfully integrate the businesses, the success of revenue-generating and cost reduction initiatives and the diversion of management’s attention from ongoing business operations and opportunities; failure or circumvention of our internal controls; operational risks or risk management failures by us or critical third parties, including without limitation with respect to data processing, information systems, cybersecurity, technological changes, vendor issues, business interruption, and fraud risks; significant changes in accounting, tax or regulatory practices or requirements; new legal obligations or liabilities; disruptive technologies in payment systems and other services traditionally provided by banks; failure or disruption of our information systems; computer hacking and other cybersecurity threats; the effects of climate change on Old National and its customers, borrowers, or service providers; political and economic uncertainty and instability; the impacts of pandemics, epidemics, and other infectious disease outbreaks; other matters discussed in this report; and other factors identified in filings with the SEC. These forward-looking statements are made only as of the date of this report and are not guarantees of future results, performance, or outcomes.
Such forward-looking statements are based on assumptions and estimates, which although believed to be reasonable, may turn out to be incorrect. Therefore, undue reliance should not be placed upon these estimates and statements. We cannot assure that any of these statements, estimates, or beliefs will be realized and actual results or outcomes may differ from those contemplated in these forward-looking statements. Old National does not undertake an obligation to update these forward-looking statements to reflect events or conditions after the date of this report. You are advised to consult further disclosures we may make on related subjects in our filings with the SEC.
Investors should consider these risks, uncertainties, and other factors in addition to the factors under the heading “Risk Factors” included in this filing and our other filings with the SEC.
4
PART I