ITEM 1.  
BUSINESS
We are a leading water treatment and specialty ingredients company that formulates, manufactures, distributes, and blends products for our Water Treatment, Industrial and Health and Nutrition customers. We believe that we create value for our customers through superb service and support, quality products, personalized applications and trustworthy, creative employees.
We conduct our business in three segments:  Water Treatment, Industrial, and Health and Nutrition. 
Water Treatment Segment.
  Our Water Treatment Group specializes in providing chemicals, products, equipment, services and solutions for potable water, municipal and industrial wastewater, industrial process water, mainly non-residential swimming pool water and agricultural water. This group has the resources and flexibility to treat systems ranging in size from a single small well to a multi-million-gallon-per-day facility.
The group utilizes delivery routes operated by our employees who typically serve as route driver, salesperson and trained technician to deliver our products and diagnose our customers’ water treatment needs. We believe that the high level of service provided by these individuals allows us to serve as the trusted water treatment expert for many of the municipalities and other customers that we serve. We also believe that there are significant synergies between our Water Treatment and Industrial Groups that allow us to obtain a competitive cost position on many of the chemicals sold by the Water Treatment Group due to the large volumes of these chemicals purchased by our Industrial Group. In addition, our Water Treatment and Industrial groups share certain resources, which leverage fixed costs across both groups.
The Water Treatment group operates out of 50 warehouses, primarily located in the eastern two-thirds of the United States, supplying products and services to customers in nearly all 50 states. We expect to continue to invest in existing and new branches to expand the group’s geographic coverage. Our Water Treatment Group has historically experienced higher sales during April to September, primarily due to a seasonal increase in chemicals used by municipal water treatment facilities and pools.
Industrial Segment.
  Our Industrial Group specializes in providing industrial chemicals, products and services to industries such as agriculture, chemical processing, electronics, energy, food, pharmaceutical and plating. This group’s principal products are acids, alkalis and food and pharmaceutical-grade salts and ingredients.
The Industrial Group: 
•
Manufactures sodium hypochlorite (bleach), certain food and pharmaceutical-grade products, including liquid phosphates, lactates and other blended products, and agricultural products;
•
Receives, stores and distributes various chemicals in bulk quantities, including liquid caustic soda, sulfuric acid, hydrochloric acid, urea, phosphoric acid, aqua ammonia and potassium hydroxide;
•
Repackages water treatment chemicals for our Water Treatment Group and bulk industrial chemicals to sell in smaller quantities to our customers; and
•
Performs custom blending of chemicals according to customer formulas and specifications.
The group’s sales are concentrated primarily in the central United States, while the group sells food and pharmaceutical products, as well as some agricultural products, nationally. The Industrial Group relies on a specially trained sales staff that works directly with customers on their specific needs. The group conducts its business primarily through manufacturing locations and terminal operations. Agricultural sales within this group tend to be seasonal, with higher sales during the typical planting season of March through June given our concentration in the upper Midwest.  
Health and Nutrition Segment.  
Our Health and Nutrition Group specializes in providing ingredient distribution, processing and formulation solutions to manufacturers of nutraceutical, functional food and beverage, personal care, dietary supplement and other nutritional food, health and wellness products. This group offers a diverse product portfolio including minerals, vitamins and amino acids, excipients, joint products, botanicals and herbs, sweeteners and enzymes.  
1
The Health and Nutrition Group relies on a specially trained sales staff that works directly with customers on their specific needs. The group’s extensive product portfolio, combined with value-added services, including product formulation, sourcing, distribution, processing and blending, positions this group as a one-stop ingredient solutions provider to its customers. The group also follows rigorous quality control and compliance processes to provide reliable, high-quality products to its customers. The group operates out of facilities in California and New York, and its products are sold nationally and, in certain cases, internationally.
Raw Materials.
  We have numerous suppliers, including many of the major chemical producers in the United States. We source our health and nutrition ingredients from a wide array of domestic and international vendors. We typically have distributorship agreements or supply contracts with our suppliers

that are periodically renewed. We believe that most of the products we purchase can be obtained from alternative sources should existing relationships be terminated. We are dependent upon the availability of our raw materials. While we believe that we have adequate sources of supply for our raw material and product requirements, we cannot be sure that supplies will be consistently available in the future. In the event that certain raw materials become generally unavailable, suppliers may extend lead times or limit or cut off the supply of materials to us. As a result, we may not be able to supply or manufacture products for our customers. 
Intellectual Property.
  Our intellectual property portfolio is of economic importance to our business. When appropriate, we have pursued, and we will continue to pursue, patents covering our products. We have also obtained certain trademarks for our products to distinguish them from our competitors’ products. We regard many of the formulas, information and processes that we generate and use in the conduct of our business as proprietary and protectable under applicable copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret and unfair competition laws.
Customer Concentration.
  In fiscal 2025, none of our customers accounted for 10% or more of our total sales.
Competition.
  We operate in a competitive industry and compete with many producers, distributors and sales agents offering products equivalent to substantially all of the products we offer. Many of our competitors are larger than we are and may have greater financial resources, although no one competitor is dominant in all of the markets we serve. We compete by offering quality products with outstanding customer service at competitive prices coupled with value-added services or product formulation where needed. Because of our long-standing relationships with many of our suppliers, we are often able to leverage those relationships to obtain products when supplies are limited or to obtain competitive pricing.
Working Capital.  
Due to the nature of our operations, which includes purchases of large quantities of bulk chemicals, the timing of purchases can result in significant changes in working capital and the resulting operating cash flow. Historically, our cash requirements for working capital increase during the period from March through November as caustic soda inventory levels increase with most of our barges received during this period.  
Regulatory Matters. 
We are subject to numerous federal, state and local environmental, health and safety laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate, including laws and regulations relating to the management, storage, transportation and disposal of chemicals and wastes; product regulation; air, water and soil contamination; and the investigation and cleanup of any spills or releases that may result from our management, handling, storage, sale, or transportation of chemicals and other products. In addition, societal concerns regarding the safety of chemicals in commerce and their potential impact on the environment have resulted in a growing trend towards increasing levels of product safety and environmental protection regulations. These concerns have led to, and could continue to result in, more stringent regulatory intervention by governmental authorities. 
In addition, we operate a fleet of approximately 400 commercial vehicles, primarily in our Water Treatment Group, which are highly regulated, including by the U.S. Department of Transportation (“DOT”). The DOT governs transportation matters, including authorization to engage in motor carrier service, including the necessary permits to conduct our businesses, equipment operation, and safety. 
2
The manufacture, packaging, labeling, advertising, promotion, distribution and sale of our agricultural, food, pharmaceutical and health and nutrition products are subject to regulation by numerous national and local governmental agencies in the United States and other countries. The primary regulatory bodies in the United States are the Food and Drug Administration (the “FDA”), the Environmental Protection Agency, the United States Department of Agriculture and the Federal Trade Commission, and we are also subject to similar regulators in other countries. In particular, the FDA’s current good manufacturing practices (“GMPs”) describe policies and procedures designed to ensure that nutraceuticals, pharmaceuticals and dietary supplements are produced in a quality manner, do not contain contaminants or impurities, and are accurately labeled and cover the manufacturing, packaging, labeling and storing of products, with requirements for quality control, design and construction of manufacturing plants, testing of ingredients and final products, record keeping, and complaints processes. 
Further information related to government regulation applicable to our business is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, in Part I, Item 1A - Risk Factors.
Human Capital.  
Our team is a key to our success and we are committed to creating a workplace that attracts top talent, develops leaders and drives performance on behalf of our customers and shareholders. 
We strive to recruit the best people for the job regardless of race, color, nationality, gender, age, disability, sexual orientation or any other status protected by law. It is our policy to comply fully with all applicable laws relating to discrimination in the workplace and we are committed to advancing an inclusive, collaborative and respectful culture.
The health and safety of our employees is our highest priority. We work to ensure our employees have a thorough understanding of health and safety precautions that need to be taken in all business functions. Specific safety initiatives include accident prevention work, improving process controls, safety training, safety committees, safety audits, incident investigation and improvement measures.  
We strive to provide employees with competitive wages commensurate with their skill levels, experience, knowledge and the regional market. Full-time employees are eligible for health, dental and vision insurance, paid and unpaid leaves, 401(K) plan, retirement plans, life and disability/accident coverage and our employee assistance program.
As of March 30, 2025, we had 1,035 employees across the United States, of which 1,031 were full-time employees. Approximately 45% of our employees were female or racially and ethnically diverse, and approximately 9% were covered by a collective bargaining agreement. Of the eight members of our Board of Directors, two are female, six are male, one is Asian American and seven are white. 
Available Information.
  Our Internet address is www.hawkinsinc.com. We have made available, free of charge, our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and, if applicable, amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file these materials with, or furnish them to, the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). Reports of beneficial ownership filed by our directors and executive officers pursuant to Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act are also available on our website. We are not including the information contained on our website as part of, or incorporating it by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The SEC also maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding our company at http://www.sec.gov.
Information about our Executive Officers
Our current executive officers, their ages and offices held, are set forth below:
Name
Age
Office
Patrick H. Hawkins
54
Chief Executive Officer and President
Jeffrey P. Oldenkamp
52
Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
Richard G. Erstad
61
Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary
Drew M. Grahek
55
Vice President — Operations
Greg A. Jones
44
Vice President — Food and Health Sciences
Douglas A. Lange
55
Vice President — Water Treatment Group
David J. Mangine
67
Vice President — Industrial Solutions
Shirley A. Rozeboom
63
Vice President — Health and Nutrition
3
Patrick H. Hawkins 
has been our Chief Executive Officer and President and member of our board since 2011. Mr. Hawkins has held the position of President since 2010. He joined the Company in 1992 and served as the Business Director - Food and Pharmaceuticals, a position he held from 2009 to 2010. Previously he served as Business Manager - Food and Co-Extrusion Products from 2007 to 2009 and Sales Representative - Food Ingredients from 2002 to 2007. He previously served the Company in various other capacities, including Plant Manager, Quality Director and Technical Director.
Jeffrey P. Oldenkamp
 has been our Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer since October 2021. Mr. Oldenkamp joined Hawkins in May 2017 and assumed the role of Chief Financial Officer, Vice President and Treasurer in June 2017. Prior to joining Hawkins, Mr. Oldenkamp was with MTS Systems Corporation, a supplier of high-performance test systems and sensors, where he served as Chief Financial Officer from 2015 to May 2017 and as Vice President of Finance for the MTS Test business from 2014 to 2015, and with Nilfisk-Advance, Inc., a global manufacturer of professional cleaning equipment, where he served as Americas Operations Chief Financial Officer and Vice President from 2012 to 2014.
Richard G. Erstad 
has been our Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary since 2008. Mr. Erstad was General Counsel and Secretary of BUCA, Inc., a restaurant company, from 2005 to 2008. Mr. Erstad had previously been an attorney with the corporate group of Faegre & Benson LLP, a law firm, from 1996 to 2005, where his practice focused on securities law and mergers and acquisitions. He is a member of the Minnesota Bar.
Drew M. Grahek
 has been our Vice President - Operations since September 2018. Prior to joining Hawkins, Mr. Grahek was Adjunct Faculty at the University of Minnesota College of Continuing Education and a Business Administrator in the Archdiocese of St. Paul and Minneapolis from June 2017 to June 2018; Director of Service Operations and Supply Chain with Ulta Beauty, Inc. from April 2016 to June 2017; and Director of Stores with Field and Stream Outdoor Stores, a division of Dick’s Sporting Goods, Inc. from July 2015 to April 2016. Previously, he spent a total of 23 years at Target Corporation in a variety of operations, merchandising and property management positions. 
Greg A. Jones
 has been our Vice President - Food & Health Sciences since April 2025. Prior to attaining this position, Mr. Jones served as our as Vice President of Business since April 2024. Prior to joining Hawkins, Mr. Jones was a Global General Manager and Vice President for Kerry Taste & Nutrition, a global manufacturer of specialized food ingredients, from 2019-2024; and with Winpak, a global manufacturer of high barrier packaging and equipment, where he served as U.S. Director of Sales from 2017-2019 and U.S. Manager of sales from 2010-2017.   
Douglas A. Lange 
has been our Vice President - Water Treatment Group since June 2020. Prior to attaining this position, Mr. Lange served the Company as General Manager and Product Development Manager for the Water Treatment Group after joining the company in January 2019. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Lange was with H.B. Fuller Company, a global supplier of special adhesives, where he served as Global Marketing Manager and Product Manager for specialty markets in electronics and wood products from 2011 to January 2019. Mr. Lange served in various roles in the specialty adhesives market for a total of 21 years prior to joining the Company.
David J. Mangine 
has been our Vice President - Industrial Group since 2021. Prior to attaining this position, Mr. Mangine served as the Industrial Sales Manager from 2011 to 2021, after joining Hawkins in 2000 as an Account Manager. 
Shirley A. Rozeboom
 has been our Vice President - Health and Nutrition since 2019. Prior to attaining this position, Ms. Rozeboom held the position of Senior Vice President of Sales for Stauber from 2012 to 2019, Director of Sales from 2008 to 2012 and Account Executive from 2000 to 2008.
4