ITEM 1.  
BUSINESS

Overview

We design, develop, manufacture, and market modular power components and power systems for converting electrical power (expressed as “watts,” and represented by the symbol “W”, with wattage being the product of voltage, expressed as “volts,” and represented by the symbol “V,” and current, expressed as “amperes,” and represented by the symbol “I”).   In electrically-powered devices utilizing alternating current (“AC”) voltage from a primary AC source (for example, a wall outlet), a power system converts AC voltage into the stable direct current (“DC”) voltage necessary to power subsystems and/or individual applications and devices (known as “loads”).  In many electronic devices, this DC voltage may be further converted to one or more voltages and currents required by a range of loads.  In equipment utilizing DC voltage from a primary DC source (for example, a battery) or a secondary source (such as an AC-DC converter), the initial DC voltage similarly may require further conversion.  A power system most commonly incorporates four voltage conversion functions: transformation, isolation, rectification, and regulation.

2

Table of Contents

Transformation refers to the process of increasing or decreasing an AC voltage; isolation refers to the electrical separation, for safety, of primary and secondary voltages in a transformer; rectification refers to the process of converting a voltage from AC to DC and/or from DC to AC; and regulation refers to the process of providing a near constant voltage under a range of line and load conditions. Because numerous applications requiring different voltages, currents, and varied power ratings may exist within an electronically-powered device, and system power architectures themselves vary, we offer an extensive range of products and accessories in numerous application-specific configurations.  We believe our product offering is among the most comprehensive in the market segments we serve.  In addition to offering competitively differentiated products for sale, we also offer and engage in licensing arrangements with customers, resulting in royalty revenue.

Our strategy, competitive positioning, and product offerings are all based on highly differentiated product performance, reflecting our anticipation of the evolution of system power architectures and customer performance requirements.  Since the Company was founded, we have pursued continuous innovations in product design and achievements in product performance, largely enabled by our focus on the research and development of advanced technologies and processes, often implemented in proprietary semiconductor circuitry, materials, and packaging.  Reflecting this strategy, we categorize our offerings as either “Advanced Products” or “Brick Products,” generally based on design, performance, and form factor considerations, as well as the range of evolving applications for which the products are appropriate.

Our competition varies, depending on the market segment and application.  Generally, we compete with developers and manufacturers of integrated circuits and semiconductor-based modules when addressing the needs of customers in enterprise computing and other market segments with implementations of our proprietary Factorized Power Architecture
TM
 (“FPA”) using Advanced Products.  In contrast, we generally compete with manufacturers of integrated power supplies when addressing the needs of customers, across a wide range of market segments, implementing conventional power systems architectures (e.g., Centralized Power Architecture (“CPA”), Distributed Power Architecture (“DPA”), and Intermediate Bus Architecture (“IBA”)) using Brick Products.

Our website, www.vicorpower.com, sets forth detailed information describing our products, the applications for which they may be used, and our suite of design tools.  The information contained on our website is not a part of, nor incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K and shall not be deemed “filed” under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”).

We are headquartered in Andover, Massachusetts, where our manufacturing facility is located. Our wholly-owned subsidiary, VICR Securities Corporation, also is located in Andover, Massachusetts.  Our other domestic offices are located in Santa Clara, California, Lombard, Illinois, and Lincoln, Rhode Island.  Our two Vicor Custom Power
tm 
subsidiaries, Freedom Power Systems, Inc. and Northwest Power, Inc., are located in Cedar Park, Texas, and Milwaukie, Oregon, respectively.

We have established individual subsidiaries or unincorporated branch offices outside of the United States, which we call Technical Support Centers (“TSCs”), to conduct preparatory and auxiliary services in support of the Company.  Vicor Japan Company, Ltd. (“VJCL”), our 92.5%-owned Japanese subsidiary, which is engaged in sales and customer support activities exclusively for the sale of certain products customized by VJCL for the Japanese market, is headquartered in Tokyo, Japan.

Our remaining subsidiaries and their legal domicile are set forth in Exhibit 21.1 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The activities of all of the entities referred to above are consolidated in the financial statements presented herein.

Vicor was incorporated in Delaware in 1981, and we completed an initial public offering in May 1991.  The Company has two classes of common stock outstanding: shares of our “Common Stock,” listed on The NASDAQ Stock Market under the ticker symbol VICR, and shares of our Class B common stock, which are not subject to registration pursuant to the Exchange Act and are not listed on any exchange.

Our Strategy

Our strategy emphasizes demonstrable product differentiation and a value proposition based on competitively superior solution performance, advantageous design flexibility, and a compelling total cost of ownership (“TCO”).  Since the Company was founded, our competitive position has been maintained by continuous innovations in product design and achievements in product performance, largely enabled by our focus on the research and development of advanced technologies and processes, often implemented in proprietary semiconductor circuitry, materials, and packaging.  Many of

3

Table of Contents

our products incorporate patented or proprietary implementations of high-frequency switching topologies, which enable the design of power system solutions more efficient and much smaller than conventional alternatives.  This efficiency and small size is enabled by our proprietary switching circuitry and magnetic structures, as well as our use of highly differentiated packaging.

Power system performance is based primarily on conversion efficiency (i.e., the ratio of output power (i.e., watts) to input power) and power density (i.e., the amount of output power divided by the volume of the power system).  Higher efficiency and density contribute to superior thermal performance, as the by-product of power conversion and distribution is heat, which must be dissipated in order to assure the performance of the power system solution itself and the overall system to which it is delivering power.  Power system performance also is based on the electrical characteristics of the power system (and their effect on and compatibility with the customer’s application).  Important electrical characteristics include transient responsiveness (i.e., the reaction of a power system to a sudden change in voltage or current levels) and noise profile (i.e., the level of electromagnetic interference created by power conversion).  We believe the superior performance of our power systems is the most important element of our differentiation strategy.

Our strategy complements performance superiority with design flexibility (i.e., ease of use), as our products can be utilized individually or combined, given their level of integration, to create power system solutions specific to a customer’s precise needs.  We articulate this positioning through our “Power Component Design Methodology,” an element of our differentiation strategy, which is our approach to providing our customers the modular products, design tools, and engineering support to enable the rapid design of advanced power system solutions by customers and, thereby, accelerate their own product development cycles. Our value proposition is supported by a compelling TCO, representing the cost of acquiring and operating a power system over its useful life, driven by competitive product pricing, high reliability, and demonstrably lower electricity costs.

Our earliest market focus was on telecommunications infrastructure, which uses a standard DC distribution voltage of 48V (nominally 48V to 54V), the highest distribution voltage that meets Safety Extra-Low Voltage (“SELV”) standard requirements, while leaving sufficient margin for over-voltage protection circuits. While we offer products addressing other DC voltage standards (e.g., 380V for power distribution in data centers, 110V for rail applications, 28V for military and avionics applications, and 24V for industrial automation) and a broad range of customer requirements, we consider our core competencies to be associated with 48V distribution, which offers numerous inherent cost and performance advantages over lower distribution voltages, while remaining within the 60V SELV safety limit.

Our product portfolio also includes families of “front-end” devices, which address applications requiring the transformation of AC voltages to regulated DC voltages.  Examples of such applications include powering data center server racks, large-scale LED lighting, specialized laboratory, diagnostic, and test equipment, small-cell wireless base stations, and higher power equipment for defense and industrial use.

Reflecting our strategy, we categorize our offerings as either Advanced Products or Brick Products, generally based on design, performance, and form factor considerations, as well as the range of evolving applications for which the respective categories are appropriate.  The Advanced Products category consists of our most innovative products, which are used to implement our proprietary distribution architecture, FPA, a highly differentiated approach to power distribution that enables flexible, rapid power system design using individual components optimized to perform a specific function.  The Brick Products category largely consists of integrated power converters (i.e., “bricks”), incorporating multiple conversion stages, used in conventional power systems architectures including CPA, DPA, and IBA.

Given the growth profiles and performance requirements of the market segments served with Advanced Products and Brick Products, our strategy involves a continuing transition in organizational focus, emphasizing investment in Advanced Products design and manufacturing, targeting high growth market segments with a low-mix, high-volume operational model, while maintaining a profitable business in mature market segments we serve with Brick Products with a high-mix, low-volume operational model.

Our Products

Reflecting our Power Component Design Methodology, we offer a comprehensive range of modular building blocks enabling rapid design of a power system specific to a customer’s precise needs.  Based on design, performance, and form factor considerations, as well as the range of evolving applications for which the products are appropriate, we categorize our product portfolios as either Advanced Products or Brick Products.  We also sell a range of electrical and mechanical accessories for use with our products.

4

Table of Contents

Advanced Products

We continue to invest in the research and development of power system technologies and product concepts addressing two accelerating trends, the first toward higher required conversion efficiencies, and the second toward more and diverse on-board voltages, higher performance demands of complex loads, and, in particular, higher current requirements of those loads.  These trends are most visible in the microprocessor-based applications we target with Advanced Products, for which energy consumption, energy efficiency, processor performance, and computing density are critical priorities.  Recognizing the performance and scale limitations of conventional power distribution architectures and products, we introduced FPA and a range of enabling products incorporating our latest advances in power distribution concepts, switching topologies, materials, and packaging.

FPA, which is focused on, but not limited to, 48V DC distribution solutions, increases power system conversion efficiency, density, and power delivery performance by “factorizing” (i.e., separating) the power conversion process into individual components, reducing the design limitations and thermal management challenges, and scaling trade-offs associated with conventional architectures for DC voltage distribution.  All such architectures follow a sequence whereby a DC voltage is first transformed, or reduced, and that lower voltage subsequently conducted (i.e., “bussed”) across the circuit to the “load” (i.e., the point of use), where the voltage is regulated and lowered once more, to the required operating voltage of the load.  In a FPA implementation, the sequence is reversed.  Regulation occurs first, and the regulation module can be placed in the optimal position for space utilization and thermal management. A regulated voltage approaching 48V is bussed across the circuit to the transformation module, which performs what we refer to as current multiplication, adjacent to the load.  Bussing high voltage minimizes the current levels across the circuit, thereby minimizing the potential for distribution losses and reducing the volume of the conduit (e.g., the copper wire). Placing the relatively low noise, low heat current multiplication module adjacent to the load further minimizes the potential for distribution losses associated with bussing a low operating voltage to the load and reduces the potential influence of the power system on the performance of the load.

A typical FPA implementation for delivering 48V DC from a server backplane to a 1.0V microprocessor would consist of three modules: a PRM™ (Pre-Regulator Module) regulator, a VTM™ (Voltage Transformation Module) current multiplier, and a proprietary communications controller.  In contrast, a commodity IBA design for delivering 48V DC from a server backplane to a 1.0V microprocessor requires an additional conversion stage, to reduce 48V to 12V, and, at the point of load, a voltage regulation module (i.e., a “VRM” consisting of multiple switching regulators, each representing a phase and consisting of two switching transistors, one or more capacitors, and an inductor, with the transistors switched by pulse width modulation controller). For a 200W two stage, multiphase application, a 12V commodity IBA implementation would require an intermediate bus converter, to reduce 48V to 12V, and a VRM solution consisting of parallel phases (i.e., multiple switching regulators) to reduce and regulate the current for use at 1.0V by the microprocessor.  Such a commodity IBA implementation requires a significantly higher component count, consumes more motherboard area, requires more copper conduit, generates more heat due to switching and distribution losses, offers inferior dynamic response, and can be meaningfully less efficient than a 48V FPA implementation.

The advantages of FPA over legacy power distribution architectures are most evident in high performance computing applications.  Our “Power-on-Package” power system solutions meet the computational performance requirements of artificial intelligence (“AI”).  The microprocessors typically used in AI, particularly in more computationally demanding “machine learning” or “training” applications, are graphics processing units (“GPUs”) and custom application-specific integrated circuits (“ASICs”).  Unlike central processing units (“CPUs”), which are designed for serial execution of complex and broad instruction sets, GPUs and AI ASICs are designed for massively parallel (i.e., concurrent) processing of repetitive transactions or calculations.  As such, GPUs and AI ASICs generally operate at processing frequencies requiring the higher levels of average and peak current delivered by our FPA-based solutions. Our most popular Power-on-Package solution, consists of one MCD
© 
(Modular Current Driver) unit, providing high-bandwidth, low-noise regulation, and two MCM
©
 (Modular Current Multiplier) units, providing high performance current multiplication.  Power-on-Package delivers unprecedented current levels to GPUs and AI ASICs, in part due to the placement of the MCMs directly on the substrate onto which the processor is mounted, thereby minimizing distribution losses associated with high current levels.  Placement of MCM units on the substrate also reduces the number of GPU or ASIC processor substrate pins required for power, allowing for their use by other functions (e.g., memory input/output (“I/O”)).  This three-module laterally-mounted Power-on-Package configuration, powering an AI accelerator card requiring 350W, delivers 0.7V, 650A average current, and up to 1,200A peak current to the GPU or AI ASIC.

Our latest innovation for powering processors is vertical power delivery, which involves mounting our highest-performance solutions on the underside of the motherboard, opposite the GPU or AI ASIC, thereby enabling a further reduction in distribution losses at the load, yielding higher efficiency and unprecedented power density.  Vertically-mounting the solution allows unrestricted access to microprocessor input/output I/O pins on the top side of the motherboard, thereby

5

Table of Contents

improving I/O speed and memory access, which are a priority for GPUs and AI ASICs in AI applications. We continue the development of our vertical power delivery solutions and shipped prototype products to a certain customer in 2022.

Our proprietary technologies enable us to offer a range of Advanced Products, in various package formats across functional families, applicable to other market segments and power distribution architectures other than FPA.  Within computing, these market segments include AC to DC voltage conversion and DC voltage distribution in server racks and high voltage conversion across datacenter infrastructure.  We also offer Advanced Product power system solutions for aerospace and aviation (e.g., for use in satellites, unmanned aerial vehicles, and various airframes, including battery-powered aircraft, for which small size, light weight, and design flexibility are advantageous); defense electronics (e.g., for use in airborne, seaborne, or field communications and radar, for which reliability in harsh environments is a priority); factory automation, instrumentation, and test equipment (e.g., for use in robotics and semiconductor testing, for which high power levels and precision performance are required); telecommunications and networking infrastructure (e.g., for use in high-throughput data distribution and  pole-mounted small-cell base stations); and vehicles (e.g., in autonomous driving applications, electric vehicles, and hybrid electric vehicles).

Annual revenue associated with the sale of Advanced Products which includes royalty revenue, was approximately 55.0%, 55.3%, and 61.0% of the Company’s consolidated revenue for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively.

We anticipate the percentage of periodic revenue associated with the sale of Advanced Products will increase in the future, given our strategic and organizational focus and the relatively higher expected growth of the market segments we serve.

Brick Products

Brick-format converters provide the integrated transformation, rectification, isolation, regulation, filtering, and/or input protection necessary to power and protect loads, across a range of conventional power architectures.  We offer a wide range of brick-format DC-DC converters, as well as complementary components providing AC line rectification, input filtering, power factor correction, and transient protection. Wide ranges of input voltages, output voltages, and output power are offered, allowing end users to select components appropriate to their individual applications. The products differ in dimensions, temperature grades, maximum power ratings, performance characteristics, pin configuration, and, in certain cases, characteristics specific to the targeted market.

We also integrate these converters and components into complete power systems representing standard or custom AC-DC and DC-DC solutions for our customers' power needs.  We refer to such standard products as our “Configurable” product line, while our two Vicor Custom Power subsidiaries design, sell, and service custom power system solutions.

We market our standard Brick Products emphasizing “mass customization,” using highly automated, efficient, domestic manufacturing to serve customers with product design and performance requirements, across a wide range of worldwide market segments, which could not be met by high-volume oriented competitors.  We focus on distributed power implementations, for which our brick-format products are well-suited, in market segments such as aerospace and defense electronics, industrial equipment, instrumentation and test equipment, and transportation (e.g., rail and heavy equipment applications).  Our customers range from independent manufacturers of highly specialized electronic devices to larger original equipment manufacturers (“OEMs”) and their contract manufacturers.  Some of our Brick Product lines have been in production for over a decade, reflecting the maturity of the markets we serve, the long-established relationships we have with many customers, and the long-standing suitability of our products to demanding applications.

Annual revenue associated with the sale of Brick Products, inclusive of such sales of our Vicor Custom Power and VJCL subsidiaries, was approximately 45.0%, 44.7%, and 39.0% of the Company’s consolidated revenue for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively.

Customers and Backlog

The applications in which our Advanced Products and Brick Products are used are typically in the higher-performance, higher-power segments of the market segments we serve.  With our Advanced Product lines, our customers are concentrated in the data center and hyperscaler segments of enterprise computing, in which our products are used for power delivery on server motherboards, in server racks, and across datacenter infrastructure, although we also serve applications in aerospace and aviation, defense electronics, satellites, factory automation, instrumentation, test equipment, transportation,

6

Table of Contents

telecommunications and networking infrastructure, and vehicles (notably in the autonomous driving, electric vehicle, and hybrid vehicle niches of the vehicle segment).  With our Brick Product lines, we serve customers concentrated in aerospace and defense electronics, industrial equipment, instrumentation and test equipment, and transportation (notably in rail and heavy equipment applications). With our strategic emphasis on larger, high-volume customers, we expect to experience a greater concentration of sales among relatively fewer customers.

As of December 31, 2024, the Company’s order backlog was approximately $155,505,000, compared to $160,805,000 as of December 31, 2023.  Backlog, as presented here, consists of orders for products for which shipment is scheduled within the following 12 months, subject to our scheduling and cancellation policies.

Over the course of recent years the supply picture for the semiconductor industry generally improved and we have reduced quoted lead time to 22 – 28 weeks, depending on product family.  In the final quarter of 2024, we increased prices for most products as part of our portfolio management process.

A portion of our revenue in any quarter is, and will continue to be, derived from “turns” volume, representing either orders booked and shipped in the same quarter or orders for which customers have requested accelerated delivery from a later quarter to the current quarter.  This volume generally has been associated with orders for Brick Products. In 2024, our order backlog remained approximately flat, and consequently our book-to-bill ratio was approximately 1.0 during the year.  An influence on turns volume has been our transition to larger OEM customers, which typically schedule large volumes for delivery over multiple quarters and frequently reschedule deliveries for either earlier or later shipment.  Average quarterly turns volume was approximately 30% of 2024 revenue, approximately 18% of 2023 revenue, and approximately 11% of 2022 revenue.

Competition and Market Characteristics

The competitive characteristics of the markets we serve with Advanced Products and Brick Products can differ significantly.  For example, in the higher-performance segments of computing we serve, our Advanced Products most often compete with solutions offered by large integrated device manufacturers (“IDMs”), which offer integrated circuits (“ICs”) and semiconductor-based modules.  These IDMs generally offer far broader product portfolios, possess far greater global manufacturing and support resources, and have the ability to aggressively price their products to defend market share.  Accordingly, Advanced Products are positioned as highly differentiated alternatives to commodity solutions for customers seeking high levels of performance.  The customers we serve with Advanced Products are in market segments generally characterized by an emphasis on product performance differentiation, a compelling TCO, relatively extended and highly competitive design cycles, and product life cycles of generally less than three years.   In contrast, the Brick Products competitive landscape is relatively fragmented, with large-scale, low-cost global suppliers of commodity solutions and many smaller manufacturers focused on specialized products or narrowly defined market segments or geographies. The market segments we serve with Brick Products, typically through sales representatives and distribution partners, generally are characterized by relatively short design cycles, relatively long (i.e., greater than three years) product life cycles, and, given the maturity of many market segments and applications, degrees of commoditization and price competition. As such, Brick Products are positioned with an emphasis on mass customization, through which we offer products with specific features and performance profiles typically not available from catalog-oriented competitors.

The size and growth characteristics of the markets we serve with Advanced Products and Brick Products also can differ significantly, and the range and quality of market data is problematic, making summary statements about these markets challenging.  We believe our Advanced Products generally compete with power modules and power ICs developed and manufactured by IDMs and other fabless vendors of power semiconductors.  We believe our Brick Products generally compete with similarly integrated switching power supply products developed and manufactured by large global competitors and a fragmented group of small regional competitors.  The switching power supply market can be segmented by product type (i.e., DC-DC converters, AC-DC converters, and DC-AC inverters), by output power levels, and by numerous vertical markets (i.e., industry-specific applications).

For 2024, exports to China and Hong Kong were approximately $45,199,000, representing approximately 12.6% of total revenue and an approximately 36.8% decrease compared to the 2023 total of approximately $71,554,000.  We believe this decreased volume was primarily associated with a softer market in this region driving lower demand for our products.  Current exports to China and Hong Kong are heavily oriented toward Brick Products for industrial and rail applications, as well as certain aerospace and defense electronics applications permitted under U.S. export control regulations (our products are designated EAR99 commodities under the Export Administration Regulations of the U.S. Department of Commerce and are not subject to export licenses).

7

Table of Contents

Despite our minor share in the overall merchant market and the competitive presence of numerous, far larger vendors in the market segments we serve with both Advanced Products and Brick Products, we believe we maintain an advantageous competitive position in those market segments based on our differentiated technology. However, there are numerous competitors across these market segments that have significantly greater engineering, financial, manufacturing, and marketing and sales resources, as well as longer operating histories and longer customer relationships than we do.

Marketing and Sales

We reach and serve customers through several sales channels: a direct sales force; independent, authorized non-stocking distributors in Europe and Asia; and four authorized stocking distributors world-wide: Arrow Electronics, Inc., Digi-Key Corporation, Avnet Electronics, and Mouser Electronics, Inc.  All sales channels are supported by regional TSCs, each offering application engineering and sales support for our channel partners.  Domestic TSCs are located in: Andover, Massachusetts; Lombard, Illinois; and Santa Clara, California.  International TSCs are located in: Beijing, China; Hong Kong, China; Shanghai, China; Shenzhen, China; Munich, Germany; Bangalore, India; Milan, Italy; Tokyo, Japan; Seoul, South Korea; Taipei, Taiwan (Republic of China); and Camberley, United Kingdom.  Customers do not place purchase orders with TSCs, but do so directly with the Company or with our channel partners.   In Japan, customers place purchase orders with authorized distributors or, for certain custom products, VJCL.

We generally sell our products on the basis of our standard terms and conditions, and we most commonly warrant our products for a period of two years.  The warranty period is three years for a range of H Grade, M Grade, and MI Family DC-DC products.

Because of the technically complex nature of our products and the applications they address, we maintain an extensive staff of Field Applications Engineers to support our own sales and customer support activities, as well as those of our channel partners.  Field Application Engineers, based in our TSCs, provide direct technical support worldwide by reviewing new applications and technical matters with our channel partners in support of existing and potential customers.  Product Development Engineering is located in our Andover headquarters, where our Product Development Engineers support the Field Application Engineers assigned to all of our TSCs.

Our direct sales force focuses on higher-volume opportunities involving Advanced Products with global OEMs (and the Original Design Manufacturers (“ODMs”) and contract manufacturers serving these OEMs).  Because of the high level of product differentiation and the increasing complexity and challenges of customer requirements, we have experienced, and may continue to experience, extended design cycles before production orders are received.

Our web-based resources are an important element of our efforts to interact with and support customers.  Within our website, the 
Power System Designer 
workspace of tools and references allow engineers to select, architect, and implement power systems using our products.  Our highly differentiated 
Whiteboard
TM
 tool allows users to configure and analyze their own power system designs or those from an extensive library of designs addressing a wide range of applications.  Users can modify the operating condition for each component of their design to match the intended application and perform efficiency and loss analysis of individual components and the full power system.  We continue to enhance and expand the range and capabilities of engineering tools we make available online to customers and prospective customers.

As stated, our strategy involves maintaining high levels of customer engagement and support for design and engineering.  We incurred approximately $49,827,000, $52,938,000, and $49,708,000 in marketing and sales expenses in 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively, representing approximately 13.9%, 13.1%, and 12.5% of revenues in 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively.

Manufacturing, Quality Assurance, and Supply Chain Management

Our manufacturing facility, consisting of approximately 320,000 square feet, is located in Andover, Massachusetts, where we are headquartered.  In this facility, we manufacture Brick Products, with the exception of custom products produced by our Vicor Custom Power and VJCL subsidiaries, and Advanced Products, with the exception of certain products manufactured, packaged, and tested by third party wafer foundries and packaging contractors in the United States and Asia.

Our primary manufacturing processes involve steps common to automated assembly of electronics devices.  We also have developed and employ proprietary manufacturing processes that contribute to the differentiated performance of our devices, including the innovative electroplating of our SM-ChiP
©
 modules.

8

Table of Contents

Product quality and reliability are critical to our success and, as such, we emphasize quality and reliability in our design and manufacturing activities.  We follow industry best practices in manufacturing and are compliant with ISO 9001 certification standards (as set forth by the International Organization for Standardization).  Our quality assurance practices include rigorous testing and, as necessary, burn-in and temperature cycling (i.e., extended operation of a product to confirm performance) of our products using automated equipment.  Incoming components, assemblies, and other parts are subjected to several levels of inspection procedures, and we maintain robust data on our raw material inventories in order to support our quality assurance procedures.

Components and materials used in our products are purchased from a variety of domestic and international vendors. Certain Advanced Products and semiconductor devices used in our production are manufactured by a limited number of wafer foundries, with packaging and test services provided by a limited number of third parties.  We rely on these wafer foundries and packaging and test providers for supply continuity of these critical semiconductor devices.

To date, we have not experienced material delays or reduced raw material availability as a result of trade disputes between the U.S. and China, including the imposition in 2018 of import tariffs under the provisions of Section 301 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. § 2411) (“Section 301 Tariffs”) on certain Chinese goods imported into the United States.  For the year ended December 31, 2024, costs associated with tariffs totaled approximately $4,189,000, a decrease of 47.5% compared to $7,985,000 in costs incurred for the year ended December 31, 2023. For the year ended December 31, 2022, costs associated with tariffs totaled approximately $10,201,000. We continue to assess the impact of these costs and are actively evaluating alternative sources of raw materials. We also have filed “duty drawback” applications with U.S. Customs and Border Protection for the recovery of tariffs paid on raw materials used to produce products we subsequently exported. We recovered $1,669,000, $6,954,000 and $229,000 for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively, however, we are not able to estimate the amount or timing of any additional recoveries, and there can be no assurance that there will be any additional recoveries.

Intellectual Property

Our competitive positioning has been, and will continue to be, supported by our long-standing commitment to research and development of power distribution architectures, power conversion technologies, advanced packaging and manufacturing, and innovative approaches to solving customer problems.  Our research and development activities have resulted in important patents protecting our products and enabling technologies, as well as proprietary trade secrets associated with our use of certain components and materials of our own design and proprietary manufacturing, packaging, and testing processes.  We incurred approximately $68,922,000, $67,857,000, and $60,594,000 in research and development expenses in 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively, representing approximately 19.2%, 16.8%, and 15.2% of revenues in 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively.

We believe our intellectual property affords advantages by building fundamental and multilayered barriers to competitive encroachment upon key features and performance benefits of our principal product families.  Our patents cover the fundamental switching topologies used to achieve the performance attributes of our converter product lines; converter array architectures; product packaging design; product construction; high frequency magnetic structures; and automated equipment and methods for circuit and product assembly.

As of December 31, 2024, in the United States, we have been issued 121 patents having expirations scheduled between 2025 and 2040 and have filed a number of patent applications which are still pending, many of which are expected to issue as patents in 2025. We have vigorously protected our rights under these patents and will continue to do so.  Although we believe patents are an effective way of protecting our technology, there can be no assurances our patents will prove to be enforceable in any given jurisdiction.

In addition to generating revenue from product sales, we seek to license our intellectual property.  In granting licenses, we generally retain the right to use our patented technologies and manufacture and sell our products in all licensed geographic areas and fields of use.  Revenues from licensing arrangements were approximately $46,595,000, $15,872,000, and $2,801,000 in 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively, representing approximately 13.0%, 3.9%, and 0.7% of revenues in 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively.

Human Capital Management

High-caliber employees are important to achieving Vicor’s mission of providing the highest performance power solutions to meet the requirements of the most demanding applications.  In order to maintain leadership in power systems design in a highly competitive employment market, attracting and retaining the best team worldwide is critical.  Accordingly,

9

Table of Contents

we offer compelling compensation and benefits, foster a culture of innovation in which employees are empowered to do (and are rewarded for) their best work, and seek to establish Vicor as a meaningful contributor to the communities in which we operate, further strengthening the bonds between employees and the Company.

As of December 31, 2024, we had 1,074 full-time employees, of which 984 were in the U.S. and 90 were in our international locations. As of December 31, 2024, we also had 26 part-time temporary employees. None of our employees are represented by a labor union or covered by a collective bargaining agreement.

We recruit from colleges and universities, with a focus on specific engineering disciplines.  In collaboration with certain universities, we maintain a student “Co-Op” program, whereby qualifying undergraduate and graduate students work at our Andover facilities for one or two semesters, receiving course credit towards their graduation.  In recent years, we have had as many as approximately two dozen participants per semester, with a number of participants receiving offers of full-time employment.

Our compensation program is designed to attract and reward talented individuals who possess the skills necessary to support our business objectives, assist in the achievement of our strategic goals, and create long-term value for our stockholders. We provide employees with compensation packages that include a competitive base salary or wage rate and benefits such as life and health (medical, dental, and vision) insurance, supplemental insurance, paid time off, paid parental leave, and a 401(k) plan (with Company match).  Generally (and subject to local laws), new employees are awarded non-qualified options for the purchase of the Company’s common stock.  Depending on an employee’s role, he or she may be eligible for annual incentive bonuses and periodic awards of non-qualified options based on the performance of the Company and that of the employee. We believe a compensation program with appropriate long-term incentives aligns employee and stockholder interests in increasing the value of the Company.

We emphasize and encourage employee development and training. To empower employees to reach their potential, we provide a range of development programs and opportunities, including in-house training programs and tuition reimbursement for those pursuing outside certification or degrees.

We seek to support the communities in which we operate and believe this commitment contributes to our efforts to attract and retain employees.  We also partner with a range of non-profit organizations and have had notable success in our collaboration for over two decades with the Crest Collaborative of Andover, MA, a local advocacy agency, in providing enriching employment opportunities for individuals with disabilities.

Available Information

We maintain a website with the address www.vicorpower.com and make available free of charge through this website our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to these reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish such material to, the SEC.  We also make available on our website our Code of Business Conduct, as well as the charters for the Audit and Compensation Committees of our Board of Directors.

While our website sets forth extensive information, including information regarding our products and the applications in which they may be used, such information is not a part of, nor incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K and shall not be deemed “filed” under the Exchange Act.