Item 1.
 Business 

Introduction 

Landstar System, Inc. was incorporated in January 1991 under the laws of the State of Delaware and has been a publicly held company since its initial public offering in March 1993. The principal executive offices of Landstar System, Inc. (collectively with its subsidiaries and other affiliated companies referred to herein as “Landstar” or the “Company,” unless the context otherwise requires) is located at 13410 Sutton Park Drive South, Jacksonville, Florida 32224 and its telephone number is (904) 398-9400. The Company makes available free of charge through its website its annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements on Schedule 14A and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) and 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). The Company’s website is www.landstar.com. The SEC maintains a website at http://www.sec.gov that contains the Company’s current and periodic reports, proxy and information statements and other information filed electronically with the SEC. 

Description of Business 

Landstar, is a technology-enabled, asset-light provider of integrated transportation management solutions delivering safe, specialized transportation services to a broad range of customers utilizing a network of agents, third party capacity providers and employees. The Company offers services to its customers across multiple transportation modes, with the ability to arrange for individual shipments of freight to comprehensive third party logistics solutions to meet all of a customer’s transportation needs. Landstar provides services principally throughout the United States and to a lesser extent in Canada and Mexico, and between the United States and Canada, Mexico and other countries around the world. The Company’s services emphasize safety, information coordination and customer service and are delivered through a network of approximately 1,050 independent commission sales agents and over 78,000 third party capacity providers, primarily truck capacity providers, linked together by a series of digital technologies which are provided and coordinated by the Company. The nature of the Company’s business is such that a significant portion of its operating costs varies directly with revenue. 

Landstar markets its integrated transportation management solutions primarily through independent commission sales agents and exclusively utilizes third party capacity providers to transport customers’ freight. Landstar’s independent commission sales agents enter into contractual arrangements with the Company and are responsible for locating freight, making that freight available to Landstar’s capacity providers and coordinating the transportation of the freight with customers and capacity providers. The Company’s third party capacity providers consist of independent contractors who provide truck capacity to the Company under exclusive lease arrangements (the “BCO Independent Contractors”), unrelated trucking companies who provide truck capacity to the Company under non-exclusive contractual arrangements (the “Truck Brokerage Carriers”), air cargo carriers, ocean cargo carriers and railroads. Through this network of agents and capacity providers linked together by Landstar’s ecosystem of digital technologies, Landstar operates an integrated transportation management solutions business primarily throughout North America with revenue of $4.8 billion during the most recently completed fiscal year. The Company reports the results of two operating segments: the transportation logistics segment and the insurance segment. 

Transportation Logistics Segment 

The transportation logistics segment provides a wide range of integrated transportation management solutions. Transportation services are provided by Landstar’s “Operating Subsidiaries”: Landstar Ranger, Inc., Landstar Inway, Inc., Landstar Ligon, Inc., Landstar Gemini, Inc., Landstar Transportation Logistics, Inc., Landstar Global Logistics, Inc., Landstar Express America, Inc., Landstar Canada, Inc., Landstar Metro, S.A.P.I. de C.V., and Landstar Blue, LLC. Transportation services offered by the Company include truckload, less-than-truckload and other truck transportation, rail intermodal, air cargo, ocean cargo, expedited ground and air delivery of time-critical freight, heavy-haul/specialized, cold chain/temperature-controlled, U.S.-Canada and U.S.-Mexico cross-border, intra-Mexico, intra-Canada, project cargo and customs brokerage. Examples of the industries serviced by the transportation logistics segment include automotive parts and assemblies, consumer durables, building products, metals, chemicals, foodstuffs, heavy machinery, retail, electronics and military equipment and general commodities. In addition, the transportation logistics segment provides transportation services to other transportation companies, including third party logistics and less-than-truckload service providers. The independent commission sales agents market services provided by the transportation logistics segment. Billings for freight transportation services are typically charged to customers on a per shipment basis for the physical transportation of freight and are referred to as transportation revenue. See “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” for the amount of revenue from external customers and measure of profit attributable to the transportation logistics segment for the last three fiscal years. 

3 

Table of Contents

Truck Transportation Services
. The transportation logistics segment’s truck transportation services include a full array of truckload transportation for a wide range of commodities and, to a lesser degree, less-than-truckload and other truck transportation services. A significant portion of the Company’s truckload services is priced in the spot market and delivered over irregular or non-repetitive routes, while approximately 25% of the Company’s fiscal year 2024 truck transportation revenue was generated by BCO Independent Contractors utilizing Landstar provided trailing equipment, which frequently is used on more routine, regular routes. The Company utilizes a broad assortment of equipment, including dry and specialty vans of various sizes, unsided/platform trailers (including flatbeds, drop decks and specialty trailers) and temperature-controlled vans. Available truck transportation services also include short-to-long haul movement of containers by truck and expedited ground and dedicated power-only truck capacity. During fiscal year 2024, revenue generated by BCO Independent Contractors and Truck Brokerage Carriers was 38% and 52%, respectively, of consolidated revenue. Also, during fiscal year 2024, truck transportation revenue generated via van equipment and unsided/platform trailing equipment was 56% and 33%, respectively, of truck transportation revenue and less-than-truckload and other truck transportation revenue was 2% and 8%, respectively, of truck transportation revenue. The Company’s truck transportation services contributed 90% of consolidated revenue in fiscal year 2024, 91% of consolidated revenue in fiscal year 2023 and 89% of consolidated revenue in fiscal year 2022. 

Rail Intermodal Services. 
The transportation logistics segment’s rail intermodal services operate with contracts with Class 1 domestic and Canadian railroads, certain short-line railroads and most major asset-based intermodal equipment providers, including agreements with stacktrain operators and container and trailing equipment companies. In addition, the transportation logistics segment’s rail intermodal services operate with contracts with a vast network of local trucking companies that handle pick-up and delivery of rail freight. These contracts provide the transportation logistics segment the ability to transport freight via rail throughout the United States, Canada and Mexico. The transportation logistics segment’s rail intermodal service capabilities include trailer on flat car, container on flat car, box car and railcar. The transportation logistics segment’s rail intermodal services contributed 2% of consolidated revenue in each of fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022. 

Air and Ocean Services. 
The transportation logistics segment provides domestic and international air services and ocean services to its customers. The Company executes international air freight transportation as an International Air Transport Association (“IATA”) certified Indirect Air Carrier (“IAC”) and international ocean freight transportation as an Ocean Transportation Intermediary (“OTI”) licensed by the Federal Maritime Commission (“FMC”) as a non-vessel operating common carrier (“NVOCC”) and ocean freight forwarder. Through its network of independent commission sales agents, relationships within a global network of foreign transportation intermediaries and contracts with a number of airlines and ocean lines, the transportation logistics segment provides efficient and cost effective door-to-door transportation to most points in the world for a vast array of cargo types such as over-sized break bulk, consolidations, full container loads, less-than container loads and refrigerated freight. The transportation logistics segment’s air and ocean services contributed 6% of consolidated revenue in fiscal year 2024, 5% of consolidated revenue in fiscal year 2023 and 8% of consolidated revenue in fiscal year 2022. 

Insurance Segment 

The insurance segment is comprised of Signature Insurance Company (“Signature”), a wholly owned offshore insurance subsidiary, and Risk Management Claim Services, Inc. (“RMCS”). The insurance segment provides risk and claims management services to certain of Landstar’s Operating Subsidiaries. In addition, it reinsures certain risks of the Company’s BCO Independent Contractors and provides certain property and casualty insurance and reinsurance to certain of Landstar’s Operating Subsidiaries. Revenue at the insurance segment represents reinsurance premiums from third party insurance companies that provide insurance programs to BCO Independent Contractors where all or a portion of the risk of loss is ultimately borne by Signature. Revenue at the insurance segment represented approximately 1% of the Company’s consolidated revenue in each of fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022. See “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” for the amount of revenue from external customers and measure of profit attributable to the insurance segment for the last three fiscal years. 

4 

Table of Contents

Factors Significant to the Company’s Operations 

Management believes the following factors are particularly significant to the Company’s operations: 

Agent Network 

The Company’s primary day-to-day contact with its customers is through its network of independent commission sales agents and, to a lesser extent, through employees of the Company. The typical Landstar independent commission sales agent maintains a relationship with a number of shippers and services these shippers utilizing the Company’s digital technologies and extensive network of third party capacity that provides various modes of transportation services to the Company. The Company provides assistance to the agents in developing additional relationships with shippers and enhancing agent and Company relationships with larger shippers through the Company’s field employees, located throughout the United States and Canada. The Operating Subsidiaries provide programs to support the agents’ operations and tools and data to assist agents in establishing pricing for freight hauled by the various modes of transportation available to the agents. It is important to note that the Operating Subsidiaries, and not the Company’s agents, contract directly with customers and generally assume the related credit risk and potential liability for freight losses or damages when the Company is providing transportation services as a motor carrier. 

Management believes the Company has more independent commission sales agents than any other asset-light integrated transportation management solutions company in the United States. Landstar’s vast network of independent commission sales agent locations provides the Company regular contact with shippers at the local level and the capability to be highly responsive to shippers’ changing needs. The Company’s large network of available capacity provides independent commission sales agents with the resources needed to service both large and small shippers. Through its agent network, the Company offers smaller shippers a level of service comparable to that typically enjoyed only by larger customers. Examples include the ability to provide transportation services on short notice, multiple pick-up and delivery points, automated information flow, access to specialized equipment, spotted van trailers and drop-and-hook operations. While the majority of the agents in the Company’s network arrange truck transportation services for shippers, a number of the Company’s agents specialize in certain types of freight and transportation services (such as oversized or heavy loads and/or rail, air and international freight transportation). Each independent commission sales agent has the opportunity to market all of the services provided by the transportation logistics segment. 

The independent commission sales agents use a variety of digital technologies provided by the Company to service the requirements of shippers. For truckload services, the Company’s independent commission sales agents primarily use a Landstar cloud-based platform to enter available freight, dispatch capacity and process most administrative tasks and then communicate that information to Landstar and its capacity providers. The Company’s cloud-based available truck platform provides a listing of available truck capacity to the Company’s independent commission sales agents. The Company also offers independent commission sales agents a variety of proprietary pricing, operational and financial tools via web or mobile applications. For modes of transportation other than truckload, the independent commission sales agents utilize both proprietary and third party information technology applications provided by the Company. 

Commissions to agents are based on contractually agreed-upon percentages of (i) revenue, (ii) revenue less the cost of purchased transportation, or (iii) revenue less a contractually agreed upon percentage of revenue retained by Landstar and the cost of purchased transportation (the “retention contracts”). Commissions to agents as a percentage of consolidated revenue vary directly with fluctuations in the percentage of consolidated revenue generated by the various modes of transportation and reinsurance premiums and, in general, vary inversely with changes in the amount of purchased transportation as a percentage of revenue on services provided by Truck Brokerage Carriers, railroads, air cargo carriers and ocean cargo carriers. Commissions to agents are recognized over the freight transit period as the performance obligation to the customer is completed. 

The Company had 485 and 524 agents that each generated at least $1 million in Landstar revenue (the “Million Dollar Agents”) during fiscal years 2024 and 2023, respectively. Landstar revenue from the Million Dollar Agents in the aggregate represented 94% and 95% of consolidated revenue in 2024 and 2023, respectively. Included among the Company’s Million Dollar Agents, the Company had 81 independent sales agencies that generated at least $10 million in Landstar revenue during the 2024 fiscal year, which in aggregate comprised approximately 67% of Landstar’s consolidated revenue. Management believes that the majority of the Million Dollar Agents choose to represent the Company exclusively. Historically, the Company has experienced very few terminations of its Million Dollar Agents, whether such terminations are initiated by the agent or the Company. Annual terminations of Million Dollar Agents have typically been less than 3% of the total number of Million Dollar Agents. 

5 

Table of Contents

Third Party Capacity 

The Company relies exclusively on independent third parties for its hauling capacity other than for trailing equipment owned or leased by the Company and utilized primarily by the BCO Independent Contractors. These third party transportation capacity providers consist of BCO Independent Contractors, Truck Brokerage Carriers, air and ocean cargo carriers and railroads. Landstar’s use of capacity provided by third parties allows it to maintain a lower level of capital investment, resulting in lower fixed costs and a higher return on invested capital. During fiscal year 2024, revenue generated by BCO Independent Contractors, Truck Brokerage Carriers and railroads represented approximately 38%, 52% and 2%, respectively, of the Company’s consolidated revenue. Collectively, revenue generated by air and ocean cargo carriers represented approximately 6% of the Company’s consolidated revenue during fiscal year 2024. Historically, variable contribution margin (defined as variable contribution, which is defined as revenue less variable costs of revenue, divided by revenue) generated from freight hauled by BCO Independent Contractors has been greater than that from freight hauled by other third party capacity providers. However, the Company’s insurance and claims costs, depreciation costs and other operating costs are incurred primarily in support of BCO Independent Contractor capacity. In addition, as further described in the “Corporate Services” section that follows, the Company incurs significantly higher selling, general and administrative costs in support of BCO Independent Contractor capacity as compared to the other modes of transportation. Purchased transportation costs are recognized over the freight transit period as the performance obligation to the customer is completed. 

BCO Independent Contractors.
 Management believes the Company has the largest fleet of truckload BCO Independent Contractors in the United States. BCO Independent Contractors provide truck capacity to the Company under exclusive lease arrangements. Each BCO Independent Contractor operates under the motor carrier operating authority issued by the U.S. Department of Transportation (“DOT”) to Landstar’s Operating Subsidiary to which such BCO Independent Contractor provides services and has leased his or her equipment. The Company’s network of BCO Independent Contractors provides marketing, operating, customer service, safety, freight security, recruiting and retention advantages to the Company. 

The Company’s BCO Independent Contractors are compensated primarily based on a contractually agreed-upon percentage of revenue generated by loads they haul. This percentage generally ranges from 62% to 70% where the BCO Independent Contractor provides only a tractor and 73% to 77% where the BCO Independent Contractor provides both a tractor and trailing equipment. The BCO Independent Contractor must pay substantially all of the expenses of operating his/her equipment, including driver wages and benefits, fuel, physical damage insurance, maintenance, highway use taxes and debt service, if applicable. The Company passes 100% of fuel surcharges billed to customers for freight hauled by BCO Independent Contractors to its BCO Independent Contractors. During fiscal year 2024, the Company billed customers $253 million in fuel surcharges and passed 100% of such fuel surcharges to the BCO Independent Contractors. These fuel surcharges are excluded from revenue and the cost of purchased transportation. 

The Company maintains an ecosystem of digital technologies and applications through which BCO Independent Contractors can view a comprehensive listing of the Company’s available freight, allowing them to consider rate, size, origin and destination when planning trips. The Company’s LandstarOne™ mobile application provides BCO Independent Contractors information on loading opportunities as well as fueling station locations, retail fuel prices, fuel prices net of Landstar-arranged discounts and applicable state fuel tax credits, and equipment inspection site locations. The Landstar Contractors’ Advantage Purchasing Program (“LCAPP”) leverages Landstar’s purchasing power to provide discounts to eligible BCO Independent Contractors when they purchase equipment, fuel, tires and other items. In addition, Landstar Contractor Financing, Inc. provides a source of funds at competitive interest rates to the BCO Independent Contractors to purchase trailing equipment. 

The number of trucks provided to the Company by BCO Independent Contractors was 8,843 at December 28, 2024, compared to 9,809 at December 30, 2023. At December 28, 2024, approximately 97% of the trucks provided by BCO Independent Contractors were provided by BCO Independent Contractors who provided five or fewer trucks to the Company. The number of trucks provided by BCO Independent Contractors fluctuates daily as a result of truck recruiting and truck terminations. The Company recruited fewer trucks in fiscal year 2024 than in fiscal year 2023. The Company also terminated fewer trucks in fiscal year 2024 than in fiscal year 2023. However, the decrease in the number of trucks recruited was larger than the decrease in the number of trucks terminated, resulting in an overall net decrease of 966 trucks during fiscal year 2024. Landstar’s BCO Independent Contractor truck turnover was approximately 35% in fiscal year 2024, compared to 41% in fiscal year 2023. Approximately 32% of 2024 turnover was attributable to BCO Independent Contractors who had been with the Company for less than one year. Management believes the factors that have historically favorably impacted turnover include the Company’s extensive agent network, the quantity and quality of available freight, the proprietary technology-based tools the Company makes available to BCO Independent Contractors to empower them to manage their businesses, the Company’s programs to reduce the operating costs of its BCO Independent Contractors and Landstar’s reputation for quality, safety, service, reliability and financial strength. Increasing 

6 

Table of Contents

revenue per load on a sequential basis historically has had a favorable impact on BCO Independent Contractor turnover. During fiscal year 2024, revenue per load on loads hauled by BCO Independent Contractors sequentially increased in the second, third and fourth fiscal quarters. 

Truck Brokerage Carriers.
 At December 28, 2024, the Company maintained a database of over 70,000 approved Truck Brokerage Carriers who provide truck capacity to the Company. Truck Brokerage Carriers provide truck capacity to the Company under non-exclusive contractual arrangements and each operates under its own DOT-issued motor carrier operating authority. Truck Brokerage Carriers are paid either a negotiated rate for each load hauled or, to a lesser extent, a contractually agreed-upon fixed rate per load. The Company recruits, approves, establishes contracts with and tracks safety ratings and service records of these third party trucking companies. In addition to providing additional capacity to the Company, the use of Truck Brokerage Carriers enables the Company to pursue different types and quality of freight such as short-haul traffic, less-than-truckload and, in certain instances, lower-priced freight that generally would not be desirable to the Company’s BCO Independent Contractors. 

The Company maintains an ecosystem of digital technologies and applications through which Truck Brokerage Carriers can view a listing of the Company’s freight that is available to them. The Landstar Savings Plus Program leverages Landstar’s purchasing power to provide discounts to eligible Truck Brokerage Carriers when they purchase fuel and equipment and provides the Truck Brokerage Carriers with an electronic payment option. 

Railroads and Air and Ocean Cargo Carriers.
 The Company has contracts with Class 1 domestic and Canadian railroads, certain short-line railroads and domestic and international airlines and ocean lines. These relationships allow the Company to pursue the freight best serviced by these forms of transportation capacity. Railroads and ocean cargo carriers are paid either a negotiated rate for each load hauled or a contractually agreed-upon fixed rate per load. Air cargo carriers are generally paid a negotiated rate for each load hauled. The Company also contracts with other third party capacity providers, such as air charter service providers, when required by specific customer needs. 

Trailing Equipment 

The Company offers its customers a large and diverse fleet of trailing equipment. The following table illustrates the mix of the trailing equipment as of December 28, 2024, either provided by the BCO Independent Contractors or owned or leased by the Company and made available primarily to BCO Independent Contractors. The Company also provides power-only services, as reported in other truck transportation revenue, utilizing trailing equipment generally provided by the shipper or other third party. In general, Truck Brokerage Carriers utilize their own trailing equipment when providing transportation services on behalf of Landstar. Power-only and Truck Brokerage Carrier trailing equipment is not included in the following table: 

Trailers by Type

Van

14,788

Unsided/platform, including flatbeds, step decks, drop decks and low boys

2,718

Temperature-controlled

161

Total

17,667

Specialized services offered by the Company include those provided by a large fleet of platform trailers and multi-axle trailers capable of hauling extremely heavy or oversized loads. Management believes the Company, along with its network of capacity providers, offers one of the largest fleets of heavy/specialized trailing equipment in North America. 

At December 28, 2024, 14,225 of the trailers available to the BCO Independent Contractors were owned by the Company and 184 were rented. In addition, at December 28, 2024, 3,258 trailers were provided by the BCO Independent Contractors. Approximately 25% of Landstar’s truck transportation revenue was generated on Landstar-provided trailing equipment during fiscal year 2024. 

Customers 

The Company’s customer base is highly diversified and dispersed across many industries, commodities and geographic regions. The Company’s top 100 customers accounted for approximately 46% of consolidated revenue during both fiscal years 2024 and 2023. Management believes that the Company’s overall size, ecosystem of digital technologies and applications, geographic coverage, access to equipment and diverse service capability offer the Company significant competitive marketing and operating advantages. These advantages allow the Company to meet the needs of even the largest shippers. Larger shippers often consider reducing the number of authorized carriers they use in favor of a small number of “core carriers,” such as the Company, 

7 

Table of Contents

whose size and diverse service capabilities enable these core carriers to satisfy most of the shippers’ transportation needs. The Company’s national account customers include the United States Department of Defense and many of the companies included in the Fortune 500. Large shippers also use third party logistics providers (“3PLs”) to outsource the management and coordination of their transportation needs. 3PLs and other transportation companies also utilize the Company’s available transportation capacity to satisfy their obligations to their shippers. There were 10 transportation service providers, including 3PLs, included in the Company’s top 25 customers for fiscal year 2024. Management believes the Company’s network of agents and third party capacity providers allows it to efficiently attract and service smaller shippers which may not be as desirable to other large transportation providers (see above under “Agent Network”). No customer accounted for more than 7% of the Company’s 2024 revenue. 

Technology 

Landstar focuses on providing integrated transportation management solutions which emphasize customer service and information coordination among its independent commission sales agents, customers, capacity providers and employees. The Company continues to focus on identifying, purchasing or developing and implementing software applications and tools which are designed to: (i) assist Landstar independent commission sales agents in efficiently sourcing capacity, pricing transportation services and managing and analyzing the performance of their independent businesses, (ii) assist customers in meeting their transportation needs, (iii) assist third party capacity providers in identifying desirable freight opportunities and operating their independent businesses, and (iv) improve operational and administrative efficiency throughout the Company. Landstar intends to continue to improve and enhance its technologies to meet the total needs of its agents, customers and third party capacity providers and remains engaged in various multi-year projects aimed at increasing efficiencies, primarily through technology, at Landstar and across our agent and third party capacity network. 

Management believes leadership in the development, operation and support of an ecosystem of digital technologies and applications is an ongoing part of providing high quality service. The Company has engaged in a multi-year effort to implement a comprehensive strategy focused on the long-term development of leading edge digital tools to empower participants in our network to succeed in the technology-driven transportation logistics marketplace. As a result of this strategy, the Company offers the following tools to participants within our network: 

•

Landstar TMS: A cloud-based platform for truckload freight agent workflow. 

•

Blue TMS: A cloud-based platform built specifically to service the truckload brokerage contract services market. 

•

Analytics: A suite of business intelligence applications powered by Microsoft Power BI for independent sales agents and BCO Independent Contractors to access information and identify trends in their businesses. 

•

Pricing Tools: Landstar-proprietary pricing application developed with data scientists using historical Company information and third party pricing data to provide independent commission sales agents with near real time market data. 

•

LandstarOne™: Mobile application available to BCO Independent Contractors and third party motor carriers providing a one-stop location for available loading opportunities as well as fueling station locations, retail fuel prices, fuel prices net of Landstar-arranged discounts and applicable state fuel tax credits, and equipment inspection site locations. 

•

Clarity: Landstar’s proprietary freight tracking tool that incorporates geo-locational data from, among other sources, electronic logging devices, trailer tracking devices and third party data aggregators. 

•

Agent and Capacity Portals: New and improved cloud-based portals built to provide a single on-ramp to a multitude of applications, tools and information available to Landstar independent agents and capacity providers. 

•

Trailer Tools: Applications empowering independent commission sales agents through the automation of the Company’s trailer request and trailer pool management processes. 

•

Credit: Application that automates the process for independent commission sales agents to request customer credit. 

Since the launch of this initiative in 2016, the Company has invested approximately $192 million in this strategic development effort, including approximately $34 million and $35 million, respectively, in fiscal years 2024 and 2023. 

The Company’s information technology systems used in connection with its operations are located in Jacksonville, Florida and, to a lesser extent, in Rockford, Illinois. In addition, the Company utilizes several third party data centers throughout the U.S. Landstar relies, in the regular course of its business, on the proper operation of its information technology systems. 

8 

Table of Contents

Corporate Services 

The Company provides many administrative support services to its network of independent commission sales agents, third party capacity providers and customers. Management believes that the mobile and digital applications purchased or developed and maintained by the Company and its administrative support services provide operational and financial advantages to its independent commission sales agents, third party capacity providers and customers. These, in turn, enhance the operational and financial efficiency of all aspects of the network. 

Administrative support services that provide operational and financial advantages to the network include customer contract administration, customer credit review and approvals, pricing, customer billing, accounts receivable collections, third party capacity settlement, operator and equipment safety and compliance management for our network of BCO Independent Contractors, insurance claims handling, coordination of vendor discount programs and third party capacity sourcing programs. Marketing and advertising strategies are also provided by the Company. The Company’s practices of accepting customer credit risk and paying its agents and carriers promptly provides a significant competitive advantage to the Company in comparison to less capitalized competitors. 

Competition 

Landstar competes primarily in the transportation and logistics services industry with truckload carriers, third party logistics companies, digital freight brokers, intermodal transportation and logistics service providers, railroads, less-than-truckload carriers and other asset-light transportation and logistics service providers. The transportation and logistics services industry is extremely competitive and fragmented. 

Management believes that competition for freight transported by the Company is based on service, efficiency, safety, freight security and freight rates, which are influenced significantly by the economic environment, particularly the amount of available transportation capacity and freight demand. Management believes that Landstar’s overall size, service offerings and availability of a wide range of equipment, together with its geographically dispersed local independent agent network, present the Company with significant competitive advantages over many transportation and logistics service providers. 

Self-Insured Claims 

Potential liability associated with accidents in the trucking industry is severe and occurrences are unpredictable. Landstar retains liability through a self-insured retention for commercial trucking claims up to $5 million per occurrence. Effective May 1, 2023, the Company entered into a three year commercial auto liability insurance arrangement for losses incurred between $5 million and $10 million (the “2023 Initial Excess Policy”) with a third party insurance company. For commercial trucking claims incurred on or after May 1, 2023 through April 30, 2026, the 2023 Initial Excess Policy provides for an aggregate deductible of $18 million over the thirty-six-month term ending April 30, 2026. After payment of the deductible, the 2023 Initial Excess Policy provides for a limit for a single loss of $5 million, with an aggregate limit of $15 million for the thirty-six-month term ending April 30, 2026. 

The Company also maintains third party insurance arrangements providing excess coverage for commercial trucking liabilities in excess of $10 million. These third party arrangements provide coverage on a per occurrence or aggregated basis. Over the past decade, there has been a significant increase in the prevalence of trials in courts throughout the United States involving catastrophic injury and fatality claims against commercial motor carriers that have resulted in verdicts in excess of $10 million. Within the transportation logistics industry, these verdicts are often referred to as “Nuclear Verdicts.” The increase in Nuclear Verdicts has had a significant impact on the cost of commercial auto liability claims throughout the United States. Due to the increasing cost of commercial auto liability claims, the availability of excess coverage has significantly decreased, and the pricing associated with such excess coverage, to the extent available, has significantly increased. Since the annual policy year ended April 30, 2020, as compared to the annual policy year ending April 30, 2025, the Company experienced an increase of approximately $22 million, or over 400%, in the premiums charged by third party insurance companies to the Company for excess coverage for commercial trucking liabilities in excess of $10 million. 

Moreover, the Company from year to year manages the level of its financial exposure to commercial trucking claims in excess of $10 million, including through the use of additional self-insurance, deductibles, aggregate loss limits, quota shares and other arrangements with third party insurance companies, based on the availability of coverage within certain excess insurance coverage layers and estimated cost differentials between proposed premiums from third party insurance companies and historical and 

9 

Table of Contents

actuarially projected losses experienced by the Company at various levels of excess insurance coverage. For example, with respect to a single hypothetical claim in the amount of $65 million incurred during the annual policy year ending April 30, 2025, the Company would have an aggregate financial exposure of approximately $30 million. 

Within the Company’s third party insurance arrangements providing excess coverage for commercial trucking liabilities, structured arrangements with third party reinsurers within a specific loss layer may include provisions that require additional payments of premium in the event of unfavorable loss experience or a refund of premium in the event of favorable loss experience. With respect to one such three year commercial auto liability reinsurance arrangement relating to certain excess claims incurred between May 1, 2020 through April 30, 2023, it is anticipated that during the 2025 second fiscal quarter, the Company will receive a $12,000,000 cash payment from a third party reinsurance provider in the form of a “no claims bonus” due to favorable loss experience during the policy period. The Company intends to record the receipt of this payment as a deferred gain on the balance sheet until such time as all underlying claims with exposure under the applicable excess layer insurance arrangement are resolved and the gain can be recognized. 

Furthermore, the Company’s third party insurance arrangements provide excess coverage up to an uppermost coverage layer, in excess of which the Company retains additional financial exposure. No assurances can be given that the availability of excess coverage for commercial trucking claims will not continue to deteriorate, that the pricing associated with such excess coverage, to the extent available, will not continue to increase, nor that insurance coverage from third party insurers for excess coverage of commercial trucking claims will even be available on commercially reasonable terms at certain levels. Moreover, the occurrence of a Nuclear Verdict, or the settlement of a catastrophic injury and/or fatality claim that could have otherwise resulted in a Nuclear Verdict, could have a material adverse effect on Landstar’s cost of insurance and claims and its results of operations. 

Further, the Company retains liability of up to $2,000,000 for each general liability claim, $250,000 for each workers’ compensation claim and $250,000 for each cargo claim. In recent years, the amount of cargo theft throughout the freight transportation and logistics supply chain in the United States has significantly increased. The Company has experienced, and may continue to experience, increases in the amount of cargo theft, resulting in increased exposure to liability from cargo claims. In addition, under reinsurance arrangements by Signature of certain risks of the Company’s BCO Independent Contractors, the Company retains liability of up to $500,000, $1,000,000 or $2,000,000 with respect to certain occupational accident claims and up to $750,000 with respect to certain workers’ compensation claims. The Company’s exposure to liability associated with accidents incurred by Truck Brokerage Carriers, railroads and air and ocean cargo carriers who transport freight on behalf of the Company is reduced by various legal defenses and other factors including the extent to which such carriers maintain their own insurance coverage. A material increase in the frequency or severity of accidents, cargo claims, including further increases in the amount of cargo theft, or workers’ compensation claims or the material unfavorable development of existing claims could have a material adverse effect on Landstar’s cost of insurance and claims and its results of operations. 

Regulation 

Certain of the Operating Subsidiaries are considered motor carriers and/or brokers authorized to arrange for transportation services by motor carriers which are regulated by the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration (the “FMCSA”) and by various state agencies. The FMCSA has broad regulatory powers with respect to activities such as motor carrier operations, practices, periodic financial reporting and insurance. Subject to federal and state regulatory authorities or regulation, the Company’s capacity providers may transport most types of freight to and from any point in the United States over any route they select. 

Interstate motor carrier operations are subject to safety requirements prescribed by the FMCSA. Each truck operator, whether working as a BCO Independent Contractor or for a Truck Brokerage Carrier, is required to have a commercial driver’s license and may be subject to mandatory drug and alcohol testing. The FMCSA’s commercial driver’s license and drug and alcohol testing requirements have not adversely affected the Company’s ability to source the capacity necessary to meet its customers’ transportation needs. 

Additionally, certain of the Operating Subsidiaries are licensed as Ocean Transportation Intermediaries by the U.S. Federal Maritime Commission as non-vessel-operating common carriers and/or as ocean freight forwarders. The Company’s air transportation activities in the United States are subject to regulation by the U.S. Department of Transportation as an indirect air carrier. One of the Operating Subsidiaries is licensed by the U.S. Department of Homeland Security through the Bureau of U.S. Customs and Border Protection (“U.S. Customs”) as a customs broker. The Company is also subject to regulations and requirements relating to safety and security promulgated by, among others, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security through U.S. Customs and the Transportation Security Administration, the Canada Border Services Agency and various state and local agencies and port authorities. In addition, because the U.S. government is one of the Company’s customers, the Company must comply with and is affected by laws and regulations relating to doing business with the federal government. 

10 

Table of Contents

The transportation industry is subject to other potential regulatory and legislative changes (such as the possibility of more stringent environmental, climate change and/or safety/security regulations, limits on vehicle weight and size and regulations relating to the health and wellness of commercial truck operators) that may affect the economics of the industry by requiring changes in operating practices, by changing the demand for motor carrier services or the cost of providing truckload or other transportation or logistics services, or by adversely impacting the number of available commercial truck operators. 

For a discussion of the risks associated with these laws and regulations, see Part I, Item 1A, “Risk Factors.” 

Seasonality 

Landstar’s operations are subject to seasonal trends common to the trucking industry. Historically, truckload shipments for the quarter ending in March are typically lower than for the quarters ending in June, September and December. 

Human Capital Resources 

We believe our employees are among our most important resources and are critical to our continued success. We focus significant attention on attracting and retaining talented and experienced individuals to manage and support our operations. To attract and retain top talent in our highly competitive industry, we have designed our compensation and benefits programs to provide a balanced and effective reward structure. Landstar seeks to compensate employees in a manner that is fair, consistent, and reflective of the external market and provides recognition for the achievement of individual goals, corporate objectives, and professional competencies while maintaining fiscal responsibility. Our short and long-term incentive programs are aligned with key business objectives and are intended to motivate strong performance. Our employees are eligible to participate in our medical, dental and vision programs, a 401(k) savings/retirement plan, flexible time-off, employer-provided life and disability insurance, our wellness program, our tuition reimbursement program, and an array of voluntary benefits designed to meet individual needs. We engage firms nationally recognized in the benefits area to objectively evaluate our programs and benchmark them against peers and other similarly situated organizations. 

As of December 28, 2024, the Company and its subsidiaries employed 1,441 individuals. Two Landstar Ranger drivers (out of a Company total of approximately 8,843 drivers for BCO Independent Contractors) are members of the International Brotherhood of Teamsters. The turnover rate for Landstar employees located in the United States and Canada was 12% in 2024, 14% in 2023 and 17% in 2022. The Company considers relations with its employees to be good. 

The Company has identified the following employee-focused goals: 

•

Create and maintain an environment in which continuous improvement is encouraged and expected by everyone within the organization; 

•

Engage each Landstar employee in the Company’s vision to inspire and empower entrepreneurs to succeed in the highly competitive, technology driven freight transportation industry; and 

•

Ensure that all Landstar employees fully understand the requirements of their job and the role their job plays within Landstar. 

Landstar formally monitors employee satisfaction and engagement through periodic employee satisfaction and engagement surveys. The Company also uses employee roundtable and focus group discussions as well as exit interviews to monitor engagement and satisfaction. 

Landstar provides comprehensive professional development opportunities to employees at all levels. Landstar’s training and development department offers all employees the opportunity to participate in various learning tracks on topics including Leadership, Workplace Safety & Security, Customer Service and other core skills. Courses offered by the training and development department are delivered by Landstar’s team of Association for Talent Development (ATD) certified trainers through both on-line and classroom settings. 

At our core, Landstar is about providing opportunity to qualified candidates and employees regardless of background. We do not tolerate discriminatory behavior and strongly believe that diverse perspectives and a collaborative culture lead to better business outcomes. The Company complies with all applicable federal and state laws pertaining to employment. 

11 

Table of Contents

Our management teams and all of our employees are expected to exhibit and promote honest, ethical and respectful conduct in the workplace. All of our employees must adhere to a code of ethics and employee compliance code that set standards for appropriate behavior and includes required annual training. 

As of the end of 2024, a majority of the Company’s employees work remotely or on a hybrid basis.