Item 1.    Business 
(All amounts in thousands, except share and per share data)
General
Balchem Corporation (“Balchem,” the “Company,” “we” or “us”), was incorporated in the State of Maryland in 1967. We develop, manufacture, distribute and market specialty performance ingredients and products for the nutritional, food, pharmaceutical, animal health, medical device sterilization, plant nutrition and industrial markets. Our three reportable segments are strategic businesses that offer products and services to different markets: Human Nutrition and Health, Animal Nutrition and Health, and Specialty Products. Sales and production of products outside of our reportable segments and other minor business activities are included in "Other and Unallocated".
We sell our products through our own sales force, independent distributors and sales agents. Financial information concerning our business, business segments and geographic information appears in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations under Item 7 below and in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements included under Item 8 below, which information is incorporated herein by reference.
Human Nutrition and Health
The Human Nutrition and Health ("HNH") segment provides human grade choline nutrients and mineral amino acid chelated products for nutrition and health applications. Choline is recognized to play a key role in the development and structural integrity of brain cell membranes in infants, processing dietary fat, reproductive development and neural functions, such as memory and muscle function. The Company's mineral amino acid chelates, specialized mineral salts, and mineral complexes are used as raw materials for inclusion in premier human nutrition products; proprietary technologies have been combined to create an organic molecule in a form the body can readily assimilate. Sales growth for human nutrition applications is reliant on differentiation from lower-cost competitive products through scientific data, intellectual property and customers' appreciation of brand value. Consequently, the Company makes investments in such activities for long-term value differentiation. This segment also manufactures specialty vitamin K2, which plays a crucial role in the human body for bone health, heart health and immunity, and methylsulfonylmethane ("MSM"), which is a widely used nutritional ingredient that helps provide benefits for joint health, sports nutrition, skin and beauty, and healthy aging. This segment also serves the food and beverage industry for beverage, bakery, dairy, confectionary, and savory manufacturers. The Company partners with its customers from ideation through commercialization to bring on-trend beverages, baked goods, confections, dairy and meat products to market. The Company has expertise in trends analysis and product development. With its strong manufacturing capabilities in customized spray dried and emulsified powders, extrusion and agglomeration, blended lipid systems, liquid flavor delivery systems, juice and dairy bases, chocolate systems, ice cream bases and variegates, the Company is a one-stop solutions provider for beverage and dairy product development needs. Additionally, this segment provides microencapsulation solutions to a variety of applications in food, pharmaceutical and nutritional ingredients to enhance performance of nutritional fortification, processing, mixing, and packaging applications and shelf-life. Major product applications are baked goods, refrigerated and frozen dough systems, processed meats, seasoning blends, confections, sports and protein bars, dietary plans, and nutritional supplements. The Company also creates cereal systems for ready-to-eat cereals, grain-based snacks, and cereal based ingredients.  
Animal Nutrition and Health
The Company’s Animal Nutrition and Health ("ANH") segment provides nutritional products derived from its microencapsulation and chelation technologies in addition to the essential nutrient choline chloride. For ruminant animals, the Company’s microencapsulated products boost health and milk production by delivering nutrient supplements that are biologically available, providing required nutritional levels. The Company’s proprietary chelation technology provides enhanced nutrient absorption for various species of production and companion animals and is marketed for use in animal feed throughout the world. ANH also manufactures and supplies choline chloride, an essential nutrient for monogastric animal health, predominantly to the poultry, pet and swine industries. Choline, which is manufactured and sold in both dry and aqueous forms, plays a vital role in the metabolism of fat. In poultry, choline deficiency can result in reduced growth rates and perosis in young birds, while in swine production choline is a necessary and required component of gestating and lactating sow diets for both liver health and prevention of leg deformity. This segment also manufactures MSM, which is a widely used nutritional ingredient that provides benefits for pet health.
1
Table of Contents
Sales of value-added encapsulated products are highly dependent on overall industry economics as well as the Company's ability to leverage the results of university and field research on the animal health and production benefits of our products. Management believes that success in the commodity-oriented choline chloride marketplace is highly dependent on the Company’s ability to maintain its strong reputation for excellent product quality and customer service. The Company continues to drive production efficiencies in order to maintain its cost position to effectively compete in a global marketplace.
Specialty Products
The Company re-packages and distributes a number of performance gases and chemicals for various uses by its customers, notably ethylene oxide, propylene oxide, and ammonia. Ethylene oxide is sold as a sterilant gas, primarily for use in the health care industry. It is used to sterilize a wide range of medical devices because of its versatility and effectiveness in treating hard or soft surfaces, composites, metals, tubing and different types of plastics without negatively impacting the performance of the device being sterilized. Contract sterilizers and medical device manufacturers are principal customers for this product. Propylene oxide is marketed and sold as a fumigant to aid in the control of insects and microbiological spoilage, to reduce bacterial and mold contamination in certain shelled and processed nut meats, processed spices, cacao beans, cocoa powder, raisins, figs and prunes, and for various chemical synthesis applications, such as increasing paint durability and manufacturing specialty starches and textile coatings. Ammonia is used primarily as a refrigerant, for heat treatment of metals and various chemical synthesis applications, and is distributed in reusable and recyclable drum and cylinder packaging approved for use in the countries these products are shipped to.
The Company’s performance gases and chemicals are distributed worldwide in specially designed, reusable and recyclable drum and cylinder packaging, to assure compliance with safety, quality and environmental standards as outlined by the applicable regulatory agencies in the countries our products are shipped to. The Company’s inventory of these specially built drums and cylinders, along with its five filling facilities, represents a significant capital investment. The Company also sells single use canisters for use in sterilizing re-usable devices typically processed in autoclave units in hospitals. 
The Company’s micronutrient agricultural nutrition business sells chelated minerals primarily to producers of high value crops. The Company has a unique and patented two-step approach to solving mineral deficiency in plants to optimize health, yield and shelf-life. First, the Company determines optimal mineral balance for plant health. The Company then has a foliar applied Metalosate
®
 product range, utilizing patented amino acid chelate technology. Its products quickly and efficiently deliver mineral nutrients. As a result, the farmer/grower gets healthier crops that are more resistant to disease and pests, larger yields and healthier food for the consumer with extended shelf life for produce being shipped long distances.
Significant Acquisitions
On August 30, 2022, the Company's wholly-owned subsidiary Albion Laboratories, Inc. ("Albion") entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement, and closed on such transaction with Cardinal Associates Inc. ("Cardinal"), a corporation organized under the laws of the State of Washington, pursuant to which Albion acquired Cardinal and its Bergstrom Nutrition business (collectively, "Bergstrom"). Bergstrom is a leading science-based manufacturer of MSM, based in Vancouver, Washington. Details related to the Bergstrom acquisition are disclosed in Note 2, 
Significant Acquisitions
. The addition of OptiMSM
®
, Bergstrom Nutrition's MSM brand, to the Company's portfolio within the Human Nutrition and Health and Animal Nutrition and Health segments provides a synergistic scientific advantage in Balchem's key strategic therapeutic focus areas such as longevity and performance and is a strong fit with Balchem's specialty, science-backed mineral products.
On June 21, 2022, the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Balchem B.V., completed the acquisition of Kechu BidCo AS and its subsidiary companies, including Kappa Bioscience AS, a leading science-based manufacturer of specialty vitamin K2 for the human nutrition industry, headquartered in Oslo, Norway (all acquired companies collectively referred to as “Kappa”). Details related to the Kappa acquisition are disclosed in Note 2, 
Significant Acquisitions
. The acquisition strengthens the Company's scientific and technical expertise, geographic reach, and marketplace leadership, which should ultimately lead to accelerated growth for the Company's portfolios within the Human Nutrition and Health segment.
2
Table of Contents
Raw Materials
The raw materials utilized by us in the manufacture of our products are sourced from suppliers both domestically and internationally. Such raw materials are derived from petrochemicals, minerals, metals, agricultural goods and other readily available commodities and are subject to price fluctuations due to market conditions. In 2024, supply reliability stabilized, although procuring certain raw materials remained a challenge due to the ongoing geopolitical environment impacting some supply lanes. Early deflationary trends shifted to an inflationary pattern during the year in several categories that we source. We continue to put measures in place to ensure a sustainable supply chain capable of supporting current demands and the future growth of our business.
Intellectual Property
We currently hold over 150 patents and over 400 registered trademarks in the United States and overseas. We also use know-how, trade secrets, formulae, and manufacturing techniques that assist in maintaining competitive positions of certain of our products. Formulae and know-how are of particular importance in the manufacture of a number of our proprietary products. We believe that our patents, in the aggregate, are advantageous to our business. However, we do not believe we are materially dependent on any particular patent or any particular group of patents. We believe that our sales and competitive position are dependent primarily upon the quality of our products, technical sales efforts and market conditions, rather than on patent protection.
Seasonality
While in general, the businesses of our segments are not seasonal to any material extent, the plant nutrition business within Specialty Products is a seasonal business with the vast majority of sales occurring in the first half of the year, based on the planting season in the northern hemisphere.
Backlog
At December 31, 2024, we had a total backlog of $50,415 (comprised of $39,959 for the HNH segment; $9,035 for the ANH segment; $1,284 for the Specialty Products segment, and $137 for other), as compared to a total backlog of $42,957 at December 31, 2023 (comprised of $32,418 for the HNH segment; $7,639 for the ANH segment; $2,678 for the Specialty Products segment and $222 for other). It has generally been our policy and practice to maintain an inventory of finished products and/or component materials for our segments to enable us to ship products within two months after receipt of a product order. All orders in the current backlog are expected to be filled in the 2025 fiscal year.
Competition
Our competitors include many large and small companies, some of which have greater financial, research and development, production and other resources than us. Competition in the supplement, food and beverage markets we serve are based primarily on product performance, customer support, quality, service and price. The development of new and improved products is important to our success. This competitive environment requires substantial investments in product and manufacturing process research and development. In addition, the winning and retention of customer acceptance of our food and nutrition products involve substantial expenditures for application testing, either internally or at customer/prospect sites, and sales efforts. Our competition in this market includes a variety of ingredient and nutritional supplement companies, many of which are privately-held. Therefore, it is difficult to assess the size of all of our segment competitors or where we rank in comparison to such privately-held competitors.
Competition in the animal feed and industrial markets we serve is based primarily on product performance, customer support, quality, service and price. The markets for our products are subject to competitive risks because these markets are highly price competitive. Our competition in this market includes a variety of animal nutrition and health ingredient companies, along with certain industrial companies, many of which are privately-held. Therefore, we are unable to assess the size of all of our competitors or where we rank in comparison to such privately-held competitors. 
In the Specialty Products segment, competition within Performance Gases is based primarily on service, reliability, quality, and price. Our competitors in this market vary globally, many of which are regional privately-held companies. We also face competition from alternate technologies or substitute products. In our plant nutrition business, competition is based primarily on product performance, customer support, quality, and price. The development of new and improved products is also important to our ability to compete. Our competition in this market is primarily regional privately-held companies. 
3
Table of Contents
Research and Development
During the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, we incurred research and development expenses of approximately $16,793, $15,049, and $12,191, respectively, on Company-sponsored research and development for new products, improvements to existing products, and manufacturing processes. We have historically funded our research and development programs with funds available from current operations with the intent of recovering those costs from profits derived from future sales of products resulting from, or enhanced by, the research and development effort.
We prioritize our product development activities in an effort to allocate resources to those product candidates that, we believe, have the greatest commercial potential. Factors we consider in determining the products to pursue include projected markets and needs, status of our proprietary rights, technical feasibility, expected and known product attributes, and estimated costs to bring the product to market.
Capital Projects
We continue to invest in projects across all production facilities and capital expenditures were approximately $35,148, $37,274, and $49,086 for 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. In 2024, we invested $17,202 on projects expected to provide favorable returns on investment, including expanded capacity in key product lines in the HNH segment and equipment upgrades to improve process reliability and support our business growth. In addition, we invested $7,200 for environmental, health, safety, and security upgrades to our facilities. In 2023, we invested $20,720 on projects expected to provide favorable returns on investment, including expanded capacity in key product lines in the HNH segment. In addition, we invested $6,900 for environmental, health, safety, and security upgrades to our facilities. In 2022, we invested $29,759 on projects expected to provide favorable returns on investment, including expanded capacity in key product lines in the HNH segment. In addition, we invested $6,020 for environmental, health, safety, and security upgrades to our facilities and $3,024 in automation projects that improved the quality and efficiency of our operations. Capital expenditures are projected to range from $40,000 to $45,000 for 2025, including our continued efforts to invest in energy and water saving projects, while exploring additional renewable energy opportunities in support of the company's sustainability efforts. 
Environmental and Regulatory Matters
The Federal Insecticide, Fungicide and Rodenticide Act (“FIFRA”), a health and safety statute, requires that certain products within our Specialty Products segment must be registered with the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency ("EPA") because they are considered pesticides. As part of the registration review process, the EPA assesses a wide variety of studies to determine the likelihood of risk to human health and the environment from exposure associated with use of the product. We hold EPA registrations permitting us to sell ethylene oxide (“EtO”) to others as a medical device sterilant and spice fumigant and propylene oxide as a fumigant of nuts and spices.
In April 2008, the EPA issued a RED (“Re-registration Eligibility Decision”) for EtO which permitted the continued use of EtO  “to sterilize medical or laboratory equipment, pharmaceuticals, and aseptic packaging, or to reduce microbial load on musical instruments, cosmetics, whole and ground spices and other seasoning materials and artifacts, archival material or library objects”. In 2013, the EPA initiated a new registration review of EtO, in line with and as part of the registration review scheduled for a large number of other pesticides. When the Final Work Plan was issued in March 2014, the EPA anticipated that this registration review process would take approximately seven years. In December 2016, the EPA issued its Integrated Risk Information System (“IRIS”) assessment of EtO (the "IRIS Assessment"), another aspect of the EPA’s safety review of EtO. In November 2020, the EPA issued a Draft Human Health Risk Assessment for Ethylene Oxide (“Draft HHRA”). In this Draft HHRA, the EPA presented multiple perspectives on risk extrapolation, including the IRIS Assessment. While acknowledging the necessity of maintaining the critical uses of EtO, based on the range of unit risk provided in this qualitative assessment, the EPA stated that there should be further mitigation measures implemented. In April 2023, the EPA released a Proposed Interim Decision and Draft Human Health Risk Assessment addendum which included certain proposed mitigation measures. In January 2025, the EPA issued its Interim Decision (“ID”) whereby EtO was re-registered for the sterilization of medical devices and the reduction of microbes on certain spices/seasonings. The ID provides for a phase-out period for the use of EtO on certain spices, and it discontinues minor applications, such as use on musical instruments, cosmetics, and archival and library materials. The ID also includes mitigation and monitoring measures impacting product users, including our customers, with phased compliance deadlines ranging from several months to ten years. Further, the ID contemplates that EPA will gather annual worker exposure data from EtO users, including our customers. The ID may be subject to further review, including additional stakeholder input. 
4
Table of Contents
EtO, when used as a sterilant for certain medical devices, has no known equally effective substitute. In October 2019, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in a public statement said, "Although medical devices can be sterilized by several methods, ethylene oxide is the most common method of sterilization of medical devices in the U.S. and is a well-established and scientifically-proven method of preventing harmful microorganisms from reproducing and causing infections." Management believes the lack of availability of this product could not be reasonably tolerated by various medical device manufacturers or the health care industry due to the resultant infection potential.
Similarly, the EPA issued a RED for propylene oxide in August 2006. At that time, the EPA “determined that products containing the active ingredient propylene oxide ("PPO") are eligible for re-registration provided that…risk mitigation measures…are adopted.” In 2013, the EPA initiated a new registration review of propylene oxide, in line with and as part of the registration review scheduled for a large number of other pesticides. A Final Work Plan was issued in March 2014, and the EPA anticipated that this review process would take approximately seven years. In October 2020, the EPA issued both the Proposed Interim Decision and Draft Risk Assessment for propylene oxide. In July 2021, the EPA issued the Interim Decision. Based on these documents, the use of propylene oxide to treat nuts and spices will continue to be permitted with minimal changes to the current approved usage. We submitted required changes to the product label, and expect the EPA to review and approve them during 2025.
Our facility in Verona, Missouri facility, while held by a prior owner, Syntex Agribusiness, Inc. (“Syntex”), was designated by the EPA as a Superfund site and placed on the National Priorities List in 1983 because of dioxin contamination on portions of the site. Remediation was conducted by Syntex under the oversight of the EPA and the Missouri Department of Natural Resources. We are indemnified by the sellers under our May 2001 asset purchase agreement covering our acquisition of the Verona, Missouri facility for potential liabilities associated with the Superfund site, and one of the sellers, in turn, has the benefit of certain contractual indemnification by Syntex in relation to the implementation of the above-described Superfund remedy. In June 2023, in response to a Special Notice Letter received from the EPA in 2022, BCP Ingredients, Inc. ("BCP"), the Company's subsidiary that operates the site, Syntex, EPA, and the State of Missouri entered into an Administrative Settlement Agreement and Order on Consent (“ASAOC”) for a focused remedial investigation/feasibility study ("RI/FS") under which (a) BCP will conduct a source investigation of potential source(s) of releases of 1,4-dioxane and chlorobenzene at a portion of the site and (b) BCP and Syntex will complete a RI/FS to determine a potential remedy, if any is required. Activities under the ASAOC are underway and are expected to continue for some period of time.
In connection with normal operations at our plant facilities, we are required to maintain environmental and other permits, including those relating to the use of EtO. From time to time, our manufacturing sites may be subject to inspections by the EPA and other agencies. To the extent any consent orders or other agreements are entered into as a result of findings from such inspections, the Company is committed to ensuring compliance with such orders or agreements. For a further discussion of our potential environmental liabilities, see Note 16, Commitments and Contingencies, to our Consolidated Financial Statements.
We believe we are in compliance in all material respects with applicable laws and regulations that have been enacted or adopted relating to human health, safety and the environment. Such compliance includes the maintenance of required permits under air pollution regulations and compliance with requirements of the Occupational Safety and Health Administration. The cost of such compliance has not had a material effect upon the results of our operations or our financial condition.
We produce products which are required to be manufactured in conformity with current Good Manufacturing Practice (“cGMP”) regulations as interpreted and enforced by the FDA, through third party contract arrangement. Modifications, enhancements or changes in contracted manufacturing facilities or procedures relating to our pharmaceutical products are, in many circumstances, subject to FDA approval, which may be subject to a lengthy application process or which we may be unable to obtain. Any contracted manufacturing facilities that manufacture our pharmaceutical products are periodically subject to inspection by the FDA and other governmental agencies, and operations at these facilities could be interrupted or halted if the results of these inspections are unsatisfactory.
Human Capital
Our employees are our most valued asset and fundamental to our success. We believe that our global team of talented and dedicated employees embody our Core Values and align with our vision of making the world a healthier place. As of December 31, 2024, we employed approximately 1,361 full-time employees worldwide, with approximately 17% covered by collective bargaining agreements. We are seeing some improvement in the labor market and feel our team has been successful in attracting and retaining skilled and experienced employees in a competitive landscape. Additionally, we continue to enhance and leverage our existing technological capabilities to further optimize productivity and performance, and explore new solutions to drive efficiencies. 
5
Table of Contents
We believe that our best performance is achieved when our teams reflect a variety of diverse backgrounds, experiences and perspectives.  Fostering a culture of belonging is an important element of Balchem's Human Resources strategy. We continue to explore strategies to help ensure we have a fully engaged workforce and that we are able to attract the best and brightest from the  broad workforce landscape.
Health and Safety
Protecting the workplace environment and the health and safety of our employees, contractors, visitors, and neighbors is our top priority. Our recordable injury rate, which is defined as recordable injuries per 200,000 hours worked, was 0.57, 1.39, and 1.17 in 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. In 2024, we further refined our environmental, health, safety, and security management system to place greater emphasis on hazard identification and correction. We enhanced our emphasis on near-miss reporting and improved communication across various locations, enabling us to address the root causes of incidents, and we have reallocated Environmental, Health, and Safety (EHS) resources to enable a more rapid response to safety enhancements. We continue to improve our working conditions and our work practices where safety is impacted.
Training and Well-Being Programs
Our vision is to create a culture of learning and development of our employees to foster an environment of continuous learning. We are committed to the professional development of our workforce, investing in training programs designed to enhance employee skills and create career paths for advancement. All employees are expected to complete necessary compliance training and have access to numerous online trainings for both personal and professional development. We continue to have our existing and emerging leaders participate in formal leadership development training. Through our Employee Assistance Program and healthcare benefit provider, our employees have access to resources to help support positive mental health, emotional well-being, and healthy lifestyles. Additionally, employees have access to resources which can provide aid with financial and legal issues, as well as support in handling elder care challenges.
Performance Review, Compensation and Benefits
Our annual performance review process is an important, objective-based dialogue to foster continuous growth and development by providing an opportunity to establish goals and deliver feedback relative to each employee's performance. Balchem's annual review process is closely aligned with a formal succession planning and talent review process designed to identify and develop the next generation of leaders. 
We are dedicated to providing full-time employees with a competitive compensation package that includes medical, dental, vision, and prescription benefits in addition to a 401(k) matching program. Balchem also provides financial support for health and wellness programs such as online financial wellness content, sponsored weight loss programs and subsidized gym memberships. We also provide generous time off and leave benefits, which are important to help ensure employees can maintain a healthy work/life balance.
For the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, our turnover rate was 9% and 11%, respectively, for salaried employees with an average length of service of over 9 years for both years. For the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, our turnover rate was 21% and 29%, respectively, for hourly employees with an average length of service of about 7 years for both years. We are continuing to improve employee retention with effective employment engagement efforts with frequent town hall meetings, a tool to promote peer to peer recognition, and various rewards and recognition programs.
Sustainability
We operate as strong stewards of our shareholders, customers, suppliers, employees, and the communities in which we operate. We are working to make our workforce more inclusive, our business more sustainable, and our communities more engaged by maintaining strong environmental, social and governance practices.
In 2024, we published our 2023 Sustainability Report. This report provides detailed information regarding our corporate responsibility strategy, focus areas and governance structure. We are committed to reducing our greenhouse gas emissions by implementing new technologies, improving operational efficiencies, and expanding green energy usages. In addition, we are committed to reducing our global water use by recycling water and investing new technologies to improve water efficiency. For more information on our approach to sustainability management, refer to our website at https://balchem.com/responsibility/sustainability. The information contained on, or that may be accessed through, the Company’s website is not incorporated by reference into, and is not part of, this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
6
Table of Contents
Available Information
Our headquarters is located at 5 Paragon Drive, Montvale, NJ 07645. Our telephone number is (845) 326-5600 and our Internet website address is www.balchem.com. We make available through our website, free of charge, our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to such reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after they have been electronically filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"). Such reports are available via a link from the Investors page on our website to a list of our reports on the SEC’s EDGAR website. The address of the SEC's website is www.sec.gov.