ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS
The Company’s business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and stock price can be affected by a number of factors, whether currently known or unknown, including those described below. When any one or more of these risks materialize from time to time, the Company’s business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and stock price can be materially and adversely affected. These risk factors do not identify all risks that we face; our operations could also be affected by factors, events, or uncertainties that are not presently known to us or that we currently do not consider to present significant risks to our operations.

This section should be read in conjunction with Part II, Item 7. “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” of this Annual Report and the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes.
Risks Related to Our Business
Our success depends on external factors affecting the Bitcoin industry.
The Bitcoin industry has historically been subject to various risks relating to Bitcoin, as an asset, which have adversely affected the market price of Bitcoin. Ownership of Bitcoin has, historically, been concentrated in a relatively small number of persons or entities that, collectively, hold a significant number of Bitcoin (referred to as “whales” in the Bitcoin industry). While ownership of Bitcoin has diversified significantly in recent years, whales continue to exist whose market activity (e.g., sales of large numbers of Bitcoin) could have an adverse effect on the demand for, and market price of, Bitcoin, which could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operation. Further, while larger, increasingly regulated exchanges with greater transparency and oversight have begun to proliferate, the Bitcoin economy remains nascent and largely opaque. The venues for Bitcoin transactions may experience greater operational problems and be exposed to a greater risk of facilitating unethical, fraudulent or illicit transactions (such as “wash trading”), than traditional financial markets and securities exchanges. Digital asset trading platforms may also be susceptible to “front-running” activity, which is the process by which someone uses technology or market advantage to obtain prior knowledge of upcoming transactions allowing bad actors to take advantage of forthcoming price movement and make economic gains at the cost of those who introduced the transactions. Front-running is a frequent activity on centralized and decentralized digital asset trading platforms. Further, venues for Bitcoin transactions do not typically make complete information regarding their ownership structure, management teams, corporate practices, and regulatory compliance available to the public, who are, therefore, unable to verify the impartiality of such venues in respect of the Bitcoin transactions they facilitate. As a result of such lack of regulation and transparency, as well as the risk posed by Bitcoin whales, wash trading and front-running, the public may lose confidence in Bitcoin transactions and the price integrity of the digital asset, which could adversely affect the market price of Bitcoin, perhaps materially, which would have an adverse impact on our business and results of operations.
There is a finite supply of Bitcoin, and the number of new Bitcoin rewarded per block algorithmically decreases over time, which poses a risk to our business.
We earn revenue from Bitcoin Mining principally by earning Bitcoin rewards for solving blocks on the Bitcoin blockchain; however, the supply of new Bitcoin introduced to the market via Bitcoin mining is finite, permanently capped at 21,000,000 coins, with the last new Bitcoin expected to be mined in the year 2140 (approximately 115 years from now) according to experts. As of December 31, 2024, there were approximately 19.8 million Bitcoin in circulation. Accordingly, once the final new Bitcoin is introduced into the market, we will no longer earn revenue from Bitcoin Mining by earning Bitcoin rewards for solving a block. Instead, our Bitcoin Mining revenue will be dependent on the fees we earn from the transactions recorded on the blocks we solve. Historically, such transaction fees have been low; however, we have observed that, as the number of new Bitcoin introduced into the market is reduced in each halving, and as Bitcoin ownership and transactions in Bitcoin continue to proliferate, the fees charged for recorded transactions on the Bitcoin blockchain have increased. We cannot, however, predict whether such transaction fees will increase sufficiently to replace the value of earning new Bitcoin once the last Bitcoin is mined in the year 2140, and, therefore, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to earn sufficient revenue from Bitcoin Mining for our Bitcoin Mining business to continue as a going concern. Should any of these events occur, our business and results of operation may suffer, and the price of our securities may be affected, perhaps materially.
We operate in a highly competitive market and if we fail to grow our hash rate, in a cost-effective manner, we may be unable to compete.
Generally, a Bitcoin miner’s chance of solving a block on the Bitcoin blockchain and earning a Bitcoin reward is a function of the miner’s hash rate, relative to the global network hash rate. As greater adoption of Bitcoin occurs, we expect that the demand for 
16

Table of Contents
Bitcoin will continue to increase, drawing more mining companies into the industry and thereby increasing the global network hash rate. As new and more powerful miners are deployed, the global network hash rate will continue to increase, meaning a Bitcoin miner’s chance of earning Bitcoin rewards will decline unless it deploys additional hash rate at pace with the industry. Accordingly, to compete in this highly competitive industry, we believe we will need to continue to acquire new more effective and energy-efficient miners, both to replace those lost to ordinary wear-and-tear and other damage, and to increase our hash rate to keep up with a growing global network hash rate. 
These new miners are highly specialized servers that are difficult to produce at scale. As a result, there are limited producers capable of supplying large numbers of sufficiently effective miners, and, as demand for new miners has increased, and will likely continue to increase, in response to increased Bitcoin prices, we have observed that the price of these new miners has also increased. If we are unable to acquire enough new miners or otherwise access sufficient capital to fund acquisitions to grow our hash rate, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected, as could investments in our securities.
We may be impacted by macroeconomic conditions due to global pandemics, epidemics or outbreaks of disease and the resulting global supply chain crisis.
Global trade conditions and consumer trends that originated during the COVID-19 pandemic continue to persist and may also have long-lasting adverse impact on us and our industry. There are continued risks arising from new pandemics, epidemics or outbreaks of disease which may exacerbate port congestion and intermittent supplier shutdowns and delays, resulting in additional expenses to expedite delivery of new miners, as well as critical materials needed for our expansion plans. Further, miner manufacturers have been impacted by the constrained supply of the semiconductors used in the production of the highly specialized ASIC chips miners we rely on, and by increased labor costs to manufacture new miners as workforces and global supply chains may further be impacted by global outbreaks of various epidemics or disease, ultimately leading to continually higher prices for new miners. Thus, until the global supply chain crisis is resolved, and these extraordinary pressures are alleviated, we expect to continue to incur higher than usual costs to obtain and deploy new miners, and we may face difficulties obtaining the new miners we need at prices or in quantities we find acceptable, if at all, and our business and results of operations may suffer as a result.
Banks and financial institutions may not provide banking services, or may cut off services, to businesses that engage in crypto-related activities.
A number of companies that engage in Bitcoin and/or other cryptocurrency-related activities have been unable to find banks or financial institutions that are willing to provide them with bank accounts and other services. Similarly, a number of companies and individuals or businesses associated with crypto may have had and may continue to have their existing bank accounts closed or services discontinued with financial institutions. To the extent that such events may happen to us, and we are unable to secure alternative services, they could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects or operations and potentially the value of any Bitcoin or other cryptocurrencies we mine or otherwise acquire or hold for our own account.
We may be unable to access sufficient additional capital for future strategic growth initiatives.
The expansion of our miner fleet and Facilities are capital-intensive projects, and we anticipate our future strategic growth initiatives will similarly require significant capital. While we plan to raise additional capital to fund these initiatives, there is no guarantee that we may be able to do so in a timely manner, in sufficient quantities, or on favorable terms, if at all. If we are unable to secure the necessary capital, our ability to execute on these growth initiatives may be hindered, potentially reducing our competitiveness in the industry. The results of our operations and financial condition may suffer, and the market price for our securities may be materially and adversely affected.
We face potential risks and challenges in evaluating and leveraging our remaining power capacity for AI/HPC uses.
The demand for power in emerging and evolving industries, such as AI and HPC, has increased. We believe that by maintaining a clear and transparent focus on both our Bitcoin Mining activities and evaluating expansion into emerging, high-demand markets, we can deliver long-term value for our stockholders. In January 2025, we launched a formal process to evaluate the feasibility of developing the approximately 600 MW of remaining power capacity at the Corsicana Facility for artificial intelligence AI/HPC uses. As we evaluate the potential uses for our remaining power capacity at the Corsicana Facility, and determine if a pivot to AI/HPC is appropriate, we could face reputational harm, liability and adverse financial results making our evaluation of our business and future prospects uncertain. Deviating from Bitcoin Mining focus may harm our reputation with a variety of stakeholders, including investors, stockholders, employees, and the broader crypto industry. If we are unable to maintain, or strengthen, our reputation and brand recognition and are not able to timely and appropriately adapt to changes in our business environment, our business and the 
17

Table of Contents
market price for our securities may be materially and adversely affected, and the results of our operations and financial condition may suffer.
We may not be able to timely complete our future strategic growth initiatives or within our anticipated costs estimates, if at all.
Our strategic growth initiatives may require construction, expansion or conversion of associated power facilities, which may expose us to significant risks that we may otherwise not be exposed to, including risks related to: construction delays; lack of availability of parts and/or labor, increased prices as a result, in part, of inflation, and delays for data center equipment; labor disputes and work stoppages, including interruptions in work due to pandemics or other public health crises; unanticipated environmental issues and geological problems; delays related to permitting and approvals to commence operations from public agencies and utility companies; delays in site readiness leading to our failure to meet commitments made in connection with such expansion; and delay or halts related to evaluations of strategic growth initiatives. 
All construction-related projects depend on the skill, experience, and attentiveness of our personnel throughout the design and construction process. Should a designer, general contractor, subcontractor or key supplier experience financial difficulties or other problems during the design or construction process, we could experience significant delays, increased costs to complete the project and/or other negative impacts to our expected returns. 
If we are unable to mitigate these risks and complete our growth initiatives on schedule and within our anticipated costs, if at all, deployment of any newly acquired miners and implementation of new strategies into our business may be delayed. Such delays or implementation failures may hinder our ability to realize anticipated benefits, and our business and financial condition may suffer as a result.
Global economic and geopolitical events, policies and conflicts may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
We may be exposed to price volatility and uncertainty in our supply chain due to geopolitical crises and economic downturns such as recessions, rising inflation, tariffs, social, political and economic risks, conflicts and acts of war, sanctions and other restrictive actions by the United States and/or other countries. Changes in policy positions and priorities from the new U.S. government administration could increase this price volatility and uncertainty. Such crises will likely continue to have an effect on our ability to do business in a cost-effective manner. Inflationary pressures, as well as disruptions in our supply chain, have increased the costs of goods, services and personnel, which have in turn caused our capital expenditures and operating costs to rise. Additionally, these crises may discourage investment in Bitcoin and investors may shift their investments to less volatile assets. The effects of such global economic shifts, worsening inflationary issues, changes in policy, and geopolitical events could adversely affect our ability to access the capital and other financial markets, as such, we may be required to consider alternative sources of funding for our growth and operations which may increase our cost of capital. Such events and conditions could have a materially adverse effect on our business, operations, or financial results and the value of the Bitcoin we mine. 
Failure to successfully integrate acquired businesses could negatively impact our balance sheet and results of operations.
Strategic acquisitions, such as the Block Mining Acquisition and the E4A Solutions Acquisition, both in 2024, and the  acquisitions of Whinstone US, Inc. (“Whinstone”) and ESS Metron, both in 2021, are key to our growth strategy. The success of any acquisition depends, in part, on our ability to integrate the acquired business and realize the anticipated synergies. Integration may involve unforeseen difficulties, require a disproportionate amount of our management’s attention, and may necessitate reallocating resources, both financial or otherwise.
We may encounter challenges in the integration process, including: difficulties associated with managing the resulting larger and more complex company, aligning administrative and corporate structures, standards, controls, procedures and policies, integrating business cultures, hiring and retaining key employees, conforming compensation and benefits structures, coordinating geographically dispersed operations, and delivering on our strategy going forward.
Acquisitions may expose us to new liabilities and risks, some of which may be unknown. Although we and our advisors conduct due diligence on the operations of the businesses we acquire, there can be no guarantee that we are aware of all liabilities associated with an acquired company. These liabilities, and any additional risks and uncertainties related to an acquired company not known to us or that we may deem immaterial or unlikely to occur at the time of the acquisition, could negatively impact our future business, financial condition, and results of operations.
18

Table of Contents
We can give no assurance that we will be able to effectively integrate and manage the operations of any acquired business or realize anticipated synergies. Failure to successfully integrate an acquired business could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
We may experience increased compliance costs as a result of our strategic acquisitions.
Future strategic acquisitions may come with substantial compliance burdens, potentially limiting our ability to achieve the anticipated benefits of such acquisitions. These burdens may require our management and personnel to divert attention from other functions, increasing costs and diverting resources. As a result, our ability to realize the expected advantages of such strategic acquisitions may be affected, and our business, results of operations, and financial condition may suffer as a result.
We have financed our strategic growth primarily by issuing new shares of our common stock in public offerings and the issuance of debt and plan to raise additional capital through similar offerings in the future, and our inability to do so on favorable terms may adversely affect our operations and the market price of our securities.
We have raised capital to finance the strategic growth of our business through public offerings of our common stock and the issuance of debt, and plan to raise additional capital through similar offerings to fund current and future expansion initiatives. We may not be able to secure additional debt or equity financing on favorable terms, if at all, which could hinder our growth and adversely impact our operations. In 2022 and 2023, a number of digital asset platforms and exchanges filed for bankruptcy and/or became the subjects of investigation by various governmental agencies for, among other things, fraud. These disruptions in the crypto asset market may impact our ability to obtain favorable financing. If we raise additional equity financing, stockholders may experience dilution of their ownership interests, and the per share value of our common stock could decline. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flows to support our strategic growth, we may be required to adopt one or more alternatives, such as reducing or delaying investments or capital expenditures, selling assets, or obtaining additional equity financing on terms that may be onerous or highly dilutive. Furthermore, as we engage in debt financing, in the event of bankruptcy, the holders of any debt we issue would likely have priority over the holders of shares of our common stock in terms of order of payment preference. We may be required to accept terms that restrict our ability to incur additional debt or take other actions, including accepting terms that require us to maintain specified liquidity or other ratios that could otherwise not be in the interests of our stockholders.
We have a history of operating losses, and we may report additional operating losses in the future.
Our primary focus is on vertically integrating our Bitcoin mining, and we have recorded historical losses and negative cash flow from our operations when the value of Bitcoin we mine does not exceed our associated costs. Further, as part of our strategic growth plans, we have made capital investments in expanding and vertically integrating our Bitcoin Mining operations, increasing our employee base, and incurring additional costs associated with owning and operating a self-mining facility. However, future market prices of Bitcoin are difficult to predict, and we cannot guarantee that our future Bitcoin Mining revenue will exceed our associated costs.
The lack of regulation of digital asset exchanges which Bitcoin, and other cryptocurrencies, are traded on may expose us to the effects of negative publicity resulting from fraudulent actors in the cryptocurrency space and can adversely affect an investment in the Company. 
The digital asset exchanges on which Bitcoin is traded are relatively new and largely unregulated. Many digital asset exchanges do not provide the public with significant information regarding their ownership structure, management teams, corporate practices, or regulatory compliance. As a result, the marketplace may lose confidence in, or may experience problems relating to, such digital asset exchanges, including prominent exchanges handling a significant portion of the volume of digital asset trading. In 2022 and 2023, a number of digital asset exchanges filed for bankruptcy proceedings and/or became the subjects of investigation by various governmental agencies for, among other things, fraud, causing a loss of confidence and an increase in negative publicity for the digital asset ecosystem. As a result, many digital asset markets, including the market for Bitcoin, have experienced increased price volatility. The Bitcoin ecosystem may continue to be negatively impacted and experience long term volatility if public confidence decreases. 
These events are continuing to develop and it is not possible to predict, at this time, every risk that they may pose to us, our service providers, or the digital asset industry as a whole. A perceived lack of stability in the digital asset exchange market and the closure or temporary shutdown of digital asset exchanges due to business failure, hackers or malware, government-mandated regulation, or fraud may reduce confidence in digital asset networks and result in greater volatility in cryptocurrency values. These potential consequences of a digital asset exchange’s failure could have a material adverse effect on the market price for our securities.
19

Table of Contents
We depend on attracting and retaining officers, managers, and skilled professionals. 
Our success depends on our ability to hire, retain and motivate talented  leadership, and professionals. We cannot guarantee employee retention, which may inhibit our management functions, strategic development, and other critical functions. Our growth may be constrained by human capital resource limitations as we compete with other companies for skilled employees. Strategic action must be taken to expand and develop our pool of management and skilled employees to meet the demands of our corporate functions. If we are not able to do so, our business, and thus our ability to grow, may be materially adversely affected. 
Risks Related to the Price of Bitcoin
Our ability to achieve profitability is largely dependent on the price of Bitcoin, which has historically been volatile.
Our ability to achieve profitability is largely based on our assumptions regarding the future value of Bitcoin, which has been subject to significant historical volatility and may be subject to influence from malicious actors, real or perceived scarcity, political, economic, and regulatory conditions, and speculation creating price volatility or “bubble” type risks for the trading price of Bitcoin. Unlike traditional stock exchanges, which require issuers to comply with rigorous listing standards and rules, and monitor transactions for fraud and other improprieties, markets for cryptocurrencies tend to be underregulated, if regulated at all. In general, less stringent markets are perceived to have a higher risk of fraud or manipulation and any lack of oversight or perceived lack of transparency could reduce confidence in the price of Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies, which could adversely affect the price of Bitcoin. As disclosed in Part I, Item 1. “Business” of this Annual Report, under the subheading “Regulatory,” Bitcoin and crypto asset markets generally may be subject to increased scrutiny and regulation by the U.S. legislature and government agencies, and such evolving regulatory and legal environment may impact our Bitcoin mining and other activities.
These factors make it difficult to accurately predict the future market price of Bitcoin and may also inhibit consumer trust in, and market acceptance of, cryptocurrencies as a means of exchange, which could limit the future adoption of Bitcoin and, as a result, our assumptions could prove incorrect. If our assumptions prove incorrect and the future price of Bitcoin is not sufficiently high, our income from our Bitcoin Mining operations may not exceed our costs, and our operations may never achieve profitability.
Bitcoin market exposure to financially troubled cryptocurrency-related companies may impact our reputation, the price of Bitcoin and the profitability of our Bitcoin Mining operations.
The failure of several crypto platforms has impacted and may continue to impact the broader crypto economy; the full extent of these impacts may not yet be known. Bitcoin is subject to price volatility resulting from financial instability, poor business practices, and fraudulent activities of players in the broader cryptocurrency market. When investors in cryptocurrency and cryptocurrency-based companies experience financial difficulty as a result of price volatility, poor business practices, and/or fraud, it has caused, and may continue to cause, loss of confidence in the cryptocurrency space, reputational harm to cryptocurrency assets, heightened scrutiny by regulatory authorities and law makers, and a steep decline in the value of Bitcoin, among other material impacts. Such adverse effects have affected, and may in the future, affect the profitability of our Bitcoin Mining operations.  
Bitcoin is subject to halving, and our Bitcoin Mining operations may generate less revenue as a result.
As disclosed in Part I, Item 1. “Business” of this Annual Report, under the subheading “Halving,” the number of new Bitcoin awarded for solving a block is cut in half – hence, “halving” – at mathematically predetermined intervals. The next halving for the Bitcoin blockchain is currently anticipated to occur in mid-2028. While Bitcoin prices have historically increased around these halving events, there is no guarantee that the price change will be favorable or would compensate for the reduction in mining rewards. If a corresponding and proportionate increase in the price of Bitcoin does not follow future halving events, the revenue we earn from our Bitcoin Mining operations would see a decrease, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
Transaction fees may decrease demand for Bitcoin and prevent expansion.
As the number of Bitcoin currency rewards granted for solving a block in the Bitcoin blockchain has decreased, transaction fees have increasingly been used to incentivize miners to continue to contribute to the Bitcoin network. However, high Bitcoin transaction fees may slow the adoption of Bitcoin as a means of payment, which may decrease demand for Bitcoin and future prices of Bitcoin may suffer as a result. If Bitcoin prices are not sufficiently high, our Bitcoin Mining revenue may not exceed our associated costs, and our results of operations and financial condition may suffer. Further, because the price of shares of our common stock may be linked to the price of Bitcoin, if demand for Bitcoin decreases, causing future Bitcoin prices to decrease, the market price of our securities may be materially and adversely affected, limiting our ability to raise additional capital to fund our strategic growth plans.
20

Table of Contents
Bitcoin faces significant scaling obstacles that can lead to high fees or slow transaction settlement times.
Bitcoin (and cryptocurrencies, generally) face significant scaling obstacles that can lead to high fees or slow transaction settlement times and attempts to increase the volume of transactions may not be effective. Scaling cryptocurrencies is essential to the widespread acceptance of cryptocurrencies as a means of payment, including Bitcoin. Many cryptocurrency networks face significant scaling challenges. For example, cryptocurrencies are limited with respect to how many transactions can occur per second. Participants in the cryptocurrency ecosystem debate potential approaches to increasing the average number of transactions per second that a network can handle and have implemented mechanisms or are researching ways to increase scale, such as increasing the allowable sizes of blocks, and therefore the number of transactions per block, and sharding (a horizontal partition of data in a database or search engine), which would not require every single transaction to be included in every single miner’s or validator’s block. There is, however, no guarantee that any of the mechanisms in place or being explored for increasing the scale of settlement of cryptocurrency transactions will be effective.
If adoption of Bitcoin (and cryptocurrencies, generally) as a means of payment does not occur on the schedule or scale we anticipate, the demand for Bitcoin may stagnate or decrease, which could adversely affect future Bitcoin prices, and our results of operations and financial condition, which could have a material adverse effect on the market price for our securities.
Risks Related to our Operations
To remain competitive in our industry, we seek to grow our hash rate to match the growing network hash rate and increasing network difficulty of the Bitcoin blockchain, and if we are unable to grow our hash rate at pace with the global network hash rate, our chance of earning Bitcoin from our Bitcoin Mining operations would decline.
As the adoption of Bitcoin has increased, the price of Bitcoin has generally appreciated, causing the demand for new Bitcoin rewards for successfully solving blocks on the Bitcoin blockchain to likewise increase. This has encouraged more miners to attempt to mine Bitcoin, which increases the global network hash rate deployed in support of the Bitcoin blockchain.
Because a miner’s relative chance of successfully solving a block and earning a new Bitcoin reward is generally a function of the ratio the miner’s individual hash rate bears to the global network hash rate, as the global network hash rate increases, a miner must increase its individual hash rate to maintain its chances of earning new Bitcoin rewards. Therefore, as new miners enter the industry and as miners deploy greater and greater numbers of increasingly powerful machines, existing miners must seek to continually increase their hash rate to remain competitive. Thus, a feedback loop is created: as Bitcoin gains popularity and its relative market price increases, more miners attempt to mine Bitcoin and the Bitcoin network hash rate is increased; in response, existing miners and new miners devote more and more hash rate to the Bitcoin blockchain by deploying greater numbers of increasingly powerful machines in an attempt to ensure their ability to earn additional Bitcoin rewards does not decrease. Compounding this feedback loop, the network difficulty of the Bitcoin network (i.e., the amount of work (measured in hashes) necessary to solve a block) is periodically adjusted to maintain the pace of new block additions (with one new block added to the blockchain approximately every ten minutes), and thereby control the supply of Bitcoin. As miners deploy more hash rate and the Bitcoin network hash rate is increased, the Bitcoin network difficulty is adjusted upwards by requiring more hash rate to be deployed to solve a block. Thus, miners are further incentivized to grow their hash rate to maintain their chance of earning new Bitcoin rewards. In theory, these dual processes should continually replicate themselves until the supply of available Bitcoin is exhausted. In response, miners have attempted to achieve greater hash rate by deploying increasingly sophisticated and expensive miners in ever greater quantities. This has become the Bitcoin mining industry’s great “arms race.” Moreover, because there are very few manufacturers of miners capable of producing a sufficient number of miners of adequate quality to meet this need, scarcity results, leading to higher prices. Compounding this phenomenon, it has been observed that some manufacturers of Bitcoin miners may increase the prices for new miners as the market price of Bitcoin increases.
Accordingly, to maintain our chances of earning new Bitcoin rewards and remaining competitive in our industry, we must seek to continually add new miners to grow our hash rate at pace with the growth in the Bitcoin global network hash rate. However, as demand has increased and scarcity in the supply of new miners has resulted, the price of new miners has increased sharply, and we expect this process to continue in the future as demand for Bitcoin increases. Therefore, if the price of Bitcoin is not sufficiently high to allow us to fund our hash rate growth through new miner acquisitions and if we are otherwise unable to access additional capital to acquire these miners, our hash rate may stagnate and we may fall behind our competitors. If this happens, our chances of earning new Bitcoin rewards would decline and, as such, our results of operations and financial condition may suffer.
21

Table of Contents
Because our miners are designed specifically to mine Bitcoin and may not be readily adaptable to other uses, a sustained decline in Bitcoin’s value could adversely affect our business and results of operations.
We have invested substantial capital in acquiring miners using ASIC chips designed specifically to mine Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies using the 256-bit secure hashing algorithm (“SHA-256”) as efficiently and as rapidly as possible based on our assumption that we will be able to use them to mine Bitcoin and generate revenue from our operations. Therefore, our Bitcoin Mining operations focus exclusively on mining Bitcoin, and our Bitcoin Mining revenue is based on the value of Bitcoin we mine. Accordingly, if the value of Bitcoin declines and fails to recover, for example, because of the development and acceptance of competing blockchain platforms or technologies, including competing cryptocurrencies which our miners may not be able to mine, the revenue we generate from our Bitcoin Mining operations will likewise decline. Moreover, because our miners use these highly specialized ASIC chips, we may not be able to successfully repurpose them in a timely manner, if at all, to other uses, following a sustained decline in Bitcoin’s value or if the Bitcoin blockchain stops using SHA-256 for solving blocks. This would result in a material adverse effect on our business and could potentially impact our ability to continue as a going concern.
Our reliance on third-party miners may subject our operations to increased risk of design flaws.
The performance and reliability of our miners and technology is critical to both our reputation and operations. We currently use Bitmain Technologies Limited (“Bitmain”) Antminer, and MicroBT WhatsMiner type miners, and if there are issues with those machines, such as design flaws in the ASIC chips they employ, our system could be substantially impacted. Further, we have encountered, and may continue to encounter, software and firmware complications related to adapting our miners to operate in our immersion-cooled Bitcoin mining hardware, which may delay or otherwise limit the anticipated benefits of adopting immersion-cooled mining. Any system errors or failures may cause significant delays in response times or result in system failure. Any disruption in our ability to continue mining could result in lower yields and harm our reputation and business. Given that any exploitable weakness, flaw, or error common to the Bitmain or MicroBT miners we currently utilize could affect a substantial portion of our miners, if a defect or other flaw exists and is exploited, a majority of, or all of our miners could be adversely impacted. Any interruption, delay or system failure may result in financial losses, a material adverse effect on the market price for our securities, and damage to our reputation.
Our reliance primarily on immersion-cooling exposes us to additional risks. 
We are increasingly relying on immersion-cooling technology for our Bitcoin Mining infrastructure, to a large extent at the Rockdale Facility, and entirely at the Corsicana Facility. Immersion-cooling is an emerging technology in Bitcoin mining, which is not in wide-spread use, and has yet to be deployed at this scale. As such, there is a risk that we may not succeed long term in deploying immersion-cooling at such a large-scale to achieve sufficient cooling performance. All Bitcoin Mining infrastructure, including immersion-cooling and air-cooling, is an evolving study. Cooling of Bitcoin miners in general is a risk to achieving full potential from our hash rate, especially in the State of Texas. 
Additionally, both our immersion-cooling and air-cooling operations require substantial volumes of water to support cooling of our Bitcoin miners. If we are unable to secure adequate water, or lose access to such required water, it could significantly impact our ability to sustain efficient Bitcoin Mining operations. 
Our revenue generation is subject to risks applicable to our mining pool, including risks outside of our control.
We participate in a “Full-Pay-Per-Share” mining pool, which calculates Bitcoin payouts primarily based on the hash rate provided by us to the mining pool as a percentage of total network hash rate, along with other inputs. We currently derive a significant portion of our revenue from our mining pool participation, which accounted for 85.2% and 67.3% of our total revenue for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. We own all of our miners and accompanying infrastructure, and the only connection between our assets and our mining pool is that the total hash rate capacity of our miners is currently allocated to our mining pool, which we are free to change at any time, in our discretion. Further, the mining pool in which we participate, like most mining pools, is decentralized and has protections in place to prevent malicious actors or technical errors from affecting the pool’s ability to operate; however, these protections are not foolproof, and we may lose access to the mining pool, perhaps permanently. Because of the monitoring systems we have in place, we would become aware within minutes if our mining pool were to suffer downtime or cease to exist altogether, and we would expect to be able to resume mining without a mining pool within minutes, or redirect our hash rate to another mining pool, within an hour of the downtime event. However, self-mining has, historically, been less successful in earning Bitcoin rewards than participating in a mining pool, and our Bitcoin Mining revenue would become more volatile and may decline–perhaps materially–as a result of the loss or unavailability of our mining pool. If such unanticipated circumstances associated with our mining pool arise, and we are unable to quickly switch to another pool, self-mine without a pool or otherwise diversify our sources of Bitcoin Mining revenue, our business, results of operations, and financial condition may suffer as a result.
22

Table of Contents
Our use of third-party mining pools exposes us to certain risks.
We receive Bitcoin rewards from our mining activity through third-party mining pool operators. Mining pools enable miners to combine their processing power, increasing their chances of solving a block and earning Bitcoin rewards from the network. After deducting any applicable pool fees, the pool operator then distributes the rewards proportionally based on our contribution to the pool’s overall mining power. Should the pool operator’s system suffer downtime due to a cyber-attack, software malfunction or other issue, it could negatively impact our ability to mine and receive revenue; particularly if we are unable to quickly switch to another pool or to self-mining without a pool. Additionally, there is a risk that the mining pool operator could fail to accurately record the total processing power provided to the pool for a given Bitcoin mining application, which would inhibit our ability to verify our proportion of the pool’s total processing power. While we track both our hash rate and the total hash rate used by the pool internally, the pool operator uses its own record-keeping system to determine our share of the rewards, which may not align with our calculation. If we are unable to consistently obtain accurate proportionate rewards from our mining pool operators, we may not receive accurate block rewards from the pool, with limited recourse to resolve such inaccuracies. This could lead us to reconsider our participation in a particular mining pool, or mining pools in general, which may affect the predictability of our mining returns and have an adverse effect on our business and operations.
We may not be able to realize the benefits of forks.
The Bitcoin blockchain is subject to modification based on a consensus of the users on its network. When a significant minority of users on the network agree to a modification that is not compatible with the prior network protocol, a “fork” of the network results, with one prong running the pre-modified protocol and the other running the modified protocol. The effect of such a fork would be the existence of two “versions” of the blockchain running in parallel that are not interchangeable, which requires exchange-type transactions to convert between the two forks. Additionally, it may be unclear following a fork which of the two protocols represents the original and which is the new protocol. Different metrics adopted by industry participants to determine which is the original asset following a fork in the Bitcoin blockchain may include: referring to the blockchain with the greatest network hash rate, or to the “length” of blockchain (
i.e.
, the time between the first transaction recorded in the blockchain’s distributed ledger and the date of the most recent transaction). Accordingly, it is possible that a fork may occur on the Bitcoin blockchain that results in an asset different from our current Bitcoin holdings, or a protocol different from SHA-256 (which our miners are specifically designed to operate), gaining predominance, and the value of our Bitcoin assets may suffer, or we may not be able to adapt our miners to the new protocol. Therefore, we may not realize the economic benefit of a fork in the Bitcoin blockchain, either immediately or ever, which could adversely affect an investment in our securities.
We may be exposed to potential liability from claims relating to intellectual property rights.
We may become the subject of third-party intellectual property right infringement claims relating to our own systems and/or the use of third-party equipment and systems. For example, as further identified in Note 17. 
Commitments and Contingencies
 to our Consolidated Financial Statements, Green Revolution Cooling, Inc. (“GRC”) has alleged that the immersion cooling systems we use, which were purchased from Midas Immersion Cooling, LLC and Hash House Tech, Inc., infringe on certain of GRC’s patents. While we reasonably rely on the representations and warranties of third-party vendors, such as Midas Immersion Cooling, LLC, it is not possible for us to avoid all potential claims of infringement of third-party intellectual property rights. If such claims are successful, we may be required to pay royalties or be ordered to cease using any technologies found to be infringing on such third-party rights altogether. Additionally, any such legal action would cause the diversion of time, energy, and resources away from our operations and toward defending against such actions.
We are subject to counterparty risks, including in particular risks and uncertainties relating to our Custodians.
We rely on our Custodians, NYDIG and Coinbase, to safeguard our Bitcoin using cold storage. Each Custodian receives and holds our custodied assets, which include both our digital assets and any cash we may choose to custody with the applicable Custodian. Pursuant to the NYDIG Custodial Agreement and the Coinbase Prime Broker Agreement, each Custodian has covenanted that they hold our digital assets in segregated accounts for the Company’s benefit; that the Custodian has no rights, interest or title in our digital assets; and that our digital assets do not constitute an asset on the balance sheet of such Custodian. To the extent a Custodian holds any cash on our behalf, it may hold our cash in one or more omnibus "for benefit of customers" accounts at one or more U.S. insured depository institutions. However, currently, the Company has no cash custodied and has no immediate or future plans to custody any cash with either Custodian. Under the terms of the NYDIG Custodial Agreement and the Coinbase Prime Broker Agreement, each Custodian has covenanted that our digital assets will not be commingled with other digital assets held by the Custodian, except that in the NYDIG Custodial Agreement, assets may be temporarily commingled (typically for no longer than 12 hours, but in no case longer than 72 hours) as an operational matter, if required, to effect a transfer into or out of our digital asset account. In the NYDIG Custodial Agreement, NYDIG further represents and warrants that beneficial and legal ownership of all our 
23

Table of Contents
digital assets is, and will remain, freely transferable without the payment of money or value and that NYDIG has no ownership interest in our account.
While we believe that each of the NYDIG Custodial Agreement and Coinbase Prime Broker Agreement provide our business with reasonable protections for our operations and the safe storage of our digital assets, we make no assurances that storing our digital assets with either Custodian is free from risk. To the best of our knowledge, each Custodian safely stores our digital assets in segregated accounts as represented in the NYDIG Custodial Agreement and Coinbase Prime Broker Agreement; however, if a Custodian were to be in breach of its agreement, our digital assets could be compromised. Similarly, if a Custodian were to cease operations, declare insolvency or file for bankruptcy, there is a reasonable risk that recovery of our assets, though kept in segregated accounts, would be delayed or unrecoverable. Applicable insolvency law is not fully developed with respect to the holding of digital assets in custodial accounts. If our custodied Bitcoin were considered to be the property of a Custodian’s estate in the event that such Custodian were to enter bankruptcy, receivership or similar insolvency proceedings, there is a risk that we could be treated as a general unsecured creditor of such custodian, inhibiting our ability to access our Bitcoin. Even if we are able to prevent our Bitcoin from being considered the property of a Custodian’s bankruptcy estate as part of an insolvency proceeding, it is possible that we would still be delayed or may otherwise experience difficulty in accessing our Bitcoin held by the Custodian during the pendency of the insolvency proceedings. A delay in our ability to access our Bitcoin could result in the loss of the value related to some or all of our Bitcoin and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and the market price of our common stock. We also do not have a readily available additional backup custodians at this time, so if NYDIG or Coinbase were to cease operations, declare insolvency or file for bankruptcy, we would need to self-custody the applicable digital assets using cold storage until we could contract with another adequate custodian for the safe storage of our assets which may have a disruptive effect on our business. In the meantime, our mined Bitcoin would continue to aggregate in our proprietary wallet until we found another suitable cold storage custodian.
Our limited rights of legal recourse and our lack of insurance protection over our Bitcoin expose us and our stockholders to the risk of loss of our Bitcoin for which there may be no adequate remedy.
While we rely on well-known U.S.-based third-party digital asset-focused custodians to safeguard our Bitcoin, our Bitcoin is not insured by us, including not being subject to Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or Securities Investor Protection Corporation protection. Accordingly, if our Bitcoin is lost, stolen or destroyed under circumstances rendering a party liable to us, our loss could be significant and the responsible party may not have the financial resources sufficient to satisfy our claim. For example, as to a particular event of loss, the only source of recovery for us might be limited, to the extent identifiable, to responsible third parties
, 
 such as a Custodian, or in other instances, a thief, terrorist or others, any of which may not have the financial resources (including liability insurance coverage) to satisfy a valid claim. We believe each Custodian maintains limited insurance policies covering the pool of digital assets it custodies against certain events of loss, such as theft. NYDIG and Coinbase custody the digital assets of hundreds of parties, worth billions of U.S. dollars, and any insurance coverage held by any of these Custodians is likely significantly less than the total value of the custodied digital assets of their customers. Any insurance proceeds received by a Custodian in response to a loss would likely be shared by the Custodian with us and other affected parties, rendering any amount we would receive significantly less than the value of our lost custodied assets. Furthermore, any insurance held by the Custodians may be terminated without notice to us. Any loss of insurance coverage would impede our ability to be compensated for our losses. Therefore, a loss may be suffered with respect to our Bitcoin for which there may be no recourse or adequate remedy, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition and, consequently, an investment in our securities.
Cyber-attacks, data breaches or malware may disrupt our operations and trigger significant liability for us, which could harm our operating results and financial condition, and damage our reputation or otherwise materially harm our business.
As a publicly traded company, we experience cyber-attacks, such as phishing, and other attempts to gain unauthorized access to our systems on a regular basis, and we anticipate continuing to be subject to such attempts. The volume and sophistication of cyber-attacks may increase if AI capabilities are implemented by malicious actors and there is an ongoing risk that some or all of our Bitcoin could be lost or stolen as a result of one or more of these incursions. As we increase in size, we may become a more appealing target of hackers, malware, cyber-attacks, or other security threats, and, despite our implementation of strict security measures and frequent security audits, it is impossible to eliminate all vulnerabilities. For instance, we may not be able to ensure the adequacy of the security measures employed by third parties, such as our service providers. Additionally, though we provide cybersecurity training for employees, we cannot guarantee that we will not be affected by further phishing attempts. Efforts to limit the ability of malicious actors to disrupt the operations of the internet or undermine our own security efforts may be costly to implement and may not be successful. Such breaches, whether attributable to a vulnerability in our systems or otherwise, could result in claims of liability against us, damage our reputation and materially harm our business.
24

Table of Contents
If our third-party digital asset-focused custodian experiences a security breach or cyber-attack and unauthorized parties obtain access to our Bitcoin, we may lose some or all of our Bitcoin and our financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
To date, we have not experienced a material cyber incident; however, we continue to encounter ongoing cyber-attacks and the occurrence of any such event in the future could subject us to liability to our customers, suppliers, business partners and others, or give rise to legal and/or regulatory action, which could damage our reputation or otherwise materially harm our business, operating results, and financial condition.
Incorrect or fraudulent Bitcoin transactions may be irreversible and we could lose access to our Bitcoin.
Bitcoin transactions are not, from an administrative perspective, reversible without the consent and active participation of the recipient of the Bitcoin from the transaction. Because of the decentralized nature of the Bitcoin blockchain, once a transaction has been verified and recorded in a block that is added to the Bitcoin blockchain, an incorrect transfer of a Bitcoin or a theft thereof generally will not be reversible, and we may not have sufficient recourse to recover our losses from any such transfer or theft. It is possible that, through error, theft, or criminal action, our Bitcoin rewards could be transferred in incorrect amounts, to unauthorized third parties, or to uncontrolled accounts. Though high-profile enforcement actions against individuals laundering stolen Bitcoin have demonstrated some means of bringing malicious actors to justice, the stolen Bitcoin may remain unrecoverable. Furthermore, we utilize a third-party custodian for our Bitcoin, and thus do not maintain our private keys. If they lose access to our wallet, or if a malicious actor successfully denies our Custodians access to our wallet, we may be permanently denied access to the Bitcoin held in the wallet corresponding to the lost, stolen or blocked keys. Though we have taken and continue to take reasonable steps to secure our data and to store our Bitcoin, if we, or our Custodians were to experience data loss relating to our digital wallets, we could effectively lose access to and the ability to use our Bitcoin assets. Moreover, historically, we have been unable to secure insurance policies for our Bitcoin assets. To the extent that we are unable to recover our losses from such action, error or theft, such events could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
The Rockdale Facility is subject to a long-term ground lease, and we may be unable to fully realize the anticipated benefits of its expansion if the lease is not renewed or is otherwise terminated.
The Rockdale Facility is subject to a ground lease with an initial term of ten years, followed by three ten-year renewal periods at our option, unless terminated earlier. The long-term success of our plans for the Rockdale Facility is largely based on our ability to maintain the lease in effect and to renew it going forward. If we fail to maintain the lease or renew it once its initial term expires and the landlord requires the Rockdale Facility to vacate the premises, we will likely incur significant costs in relocating its operations, if we could do so at all, and our Bitcoin Mining operations would be interrupted during such relocation. Further, if we fail to renew the lease on terms favorable to us, and our costs are increased, then we may not realize the anticipated benefits of our investment in the Rockdale Facility or any future development of its remaining available capacity. Any disruptions or changes to the Rockdale Facility’s present relationship with the landlord could disrupt our business and our results of operations negatively.
Our business could be harmed by prolonged power and internet outages, shortages, or capacity constraints.
Our operations require a significant amount of electrical power and access to high-speed internet to be successful. If we are unable to secure sufficient electrical power, or if we lose internet access for a prolonged period, we may be required to reduce our operations or cease them altogether. If this occurs, our business and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected.
We are subject to risks associated with our need for significant electrical power.
Our operations have required significant amounts of electrical power, and, as we continue to expand our mining fleet and operate our Facilities, we anticipate our demand for electrical power will continue to grow. The fluctuating price of electricity we require for our operations, and to power our expansion, may inhibit our profitability. If we are unable to continue to obtain sufficient electrical power on a cost-effective basis, we may not realize the anticipated benefits of our significant capital investments.
Additionally, our operations could be materially adversely affected by prolonged power outages. Although certain critical functions of the Rockdale Facility may be powered by backup generators on a temporary basis, it would not be feasible or cost-effective to run miners on back-up power generators for extended periods of time. Therefore, we may have to reduce or cease our operations in the event of an extended power outage, or as a result of the unavailability or increased cost of electrical power. If this were to occur, our business and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.
25

Table of Contents
Our access to power is dependent on our electrical distribution provider, grid operator and regulator, which collectively manage whether our operations are performing in accordance with market rules, requirements and regulations, and any adverse determination or action by any such entity may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
The Public Utility Commission of Texas (“PUCT”), ERCOT, and Oncor Electric Delivery Company (“Oncor”) collectively oversee the regulatory, administrative, and delivery aspects of our power supply in Texas; MISO oversees our power supply in Kentucky. In recent years, regulatory scrutiny on Bitcoin mining facilities and their energy consumption has intensified as the industry has grown. In April 2022, ERCOT established a task force to review the participation of large flexible loads, including Bitcoin mining data centers, in the ERCOT market. This task force is tasked with developing policy recommendations for ERCOT concerning network planning, market operations, and the interconnection processes for large flexible loads.
As the grid operator, ERCOT is responsible for monitoring and testing market participants, including the Rockdale Facility and the Corsicana Facility, to assess their impact on grid reliability. We are periodically tested and monitored, and have experienced curtailment of power through this testing process based on instructions we receive from Oncor and ERCOT. During this process, ERCOT may determine that our data centers’ substantial power usage negatively affects grid reliability. If so, ERCOT could issue a curtailment order, requiring us to reduce or cease our power use immediately. Consequently, our power supply in Texas could be partially or fully curtailed. If we cannot secure adequate electrical power, we may be forced to reduce or shut down our operations, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, and operating results and, consequently, an investment in our securities. 
Our operations have been, and may continue to be, adversely affected by events outside of our control, such as natural disasters.
We may be impacted by natural disasters, wars, health epidemics, weather conditions, the long-term effects of climate change, power outages or other events outside of our control. For example, we voluntarily halted operations at the Rockdale Facility during the severe winter storms in the first quarter of 2022 and 2021 that had a widespread impact on utilities and transportation. Additionally, as previously disclosed, we sustained damage to the Rockdale Facility’s infrastructure during the severe winter storms affecting Texas in December 2022 which caused miners to be offline and impacted approximately 2.5 EH/s of our hash rate capacity. In the future, regulators or power providers may, under new or revised rules, require us to power down our Facilities, during such events. If major disasters such as earthquakes, floods or other climate-related events occur, the Rockdale Facility, the Corsicana Facility, the Kentucky Facility, or our other offices are severely damaged, or our information system or communications break down or operate improperly, our operations may be interrupted. We may incur expenses or delays relating to such events outside of our control, which may not be covered by insurance, and such events could have a material adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial condition.
Increased scrutiny and changing expectations from stakeholders with respect to our environmental, social, and governance (“ESG”) practices and the impacts of climate change may result in additional costs or risks.
Companies across many industries are facing increasing, and at times conflicting, scrutiny related to their ESG practices. Investor advocacy groups, certain institutional investors, investment funds and other influential investors are also increasingly focused on ESG practices and in recent years have placed increasing importance on the non-financial impacts of their investments. Furthermore, increased public awareness and concern regarding environmental risks, including global climate change, has resulted and may continue to result in increased public scrutiny of our business and our industry, and our management team may divert significant time and energy away from our operations and towards responding to such scrutiny and reassuring our employees.
In March 2024, the SEC issued a final rule requiring climate-related disclosures in public company annual reports and registration statements for the year ending December 31, 2025 for large accelerated filers. Although the SEC issued an order staying the new rule in April 2024 pending ongoing litigation challenging the rule, we are evaluating the impact this rule will have on our disclosures if it becomes effective. If this final rule becomes effective, the resulting increased public scrutiny of our business may affect our operations, competitive position, and financial condition. 
​
In addition, the physical risks of climate change may impact the availability and cost of materials and natural resources, sources and supply of energy, demand for Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies, and could increase our insurance and other operating costs, including, potentially, to repair damage incurred as a result of extreme weather events or to renovate or retrofit facilities to better withstand extreme weather events. If environmental laws or regulations or industry standards are either changed or adopted and impose significant operational restrictions and compliance requirements on our operations, or if our operations are disrupted due to the physical impacts of climate change, our business, capital expenditures, results of operations, financial condition and competitive position could be negatively impacted.
26

Table of Contents
Risks Related to Governmental Regulation and Enforcement
Changing environmental regulation and public energy policy may expose our business to new risks.
Our Bitcoin Mining operations require a substantial amount of power and can only be successful, and ultimately profitable, if the costs we incur, including for electricity, are lower than the revenue we generate from our operations. As a result, any mine we establish can only be successful if we can obtain sufficient electrical power for that mine on a cost-effective basis, and our establishment of new mines requires us to find locations where that is the case. For instance, our plans and strategic initiatives for the Rockdale Facility and the Corsicana Facility are based, in part, on our understanding of current environmental and energy regulations, policies, and initiatives enacted by federal and Texas regulators. If new regulations are imposed, or if existing regulations are modified, the assumptions we made underlying our plans and strategic initiatives may be inaccurate, and we may incur additional costs to adapt our planned business, if we are able to adapt at all, to such regulations.
In addition, there continues to be a lack of consistent climate legislation, which creates economic and regulatory uncertainty for our business because the Bitcoin mining industry, with its energy demand, may become a target for future environmental and energy regulation. New legislation and increased regulation regarding climate change could impose significant costs on us and our suppliers, including costs related to increased energy requirements, capital equipment, environmental monitoring and reporting, and other costs to comply with such regulations. Further, any future climate change regulations could also negatively impact our ability to compete with companies situated in areas not subject to such limitations. 
Moreover, in the State of Texas, we currently participate in energy demand response programs to curtail operations, return capacity to the electrical grid, and receive funds to offset foregone operational revenue when necessary, such as in extreme weather events. Furthermore, we, as well as other Bitcoin miners operating primarily in the State of Texas, have recently received a mandatory survey from the U.S. Energy Information Administration (the “EIA”), seeking extensive information regarding our Facilities’ use of electricity, and certain information regarding our operations, solely for the month of January 2024. It is possible that mandatory surveys such as this will be used by the EIA to generate negative reports regarding the Bitcoin mining industry’s use of power and other resources, which could spur additional negative public sentiment and adverse legislative and regulatory action against us or the Bitcoin mining industry as a whole. Surveys and other regulatory actions could increase our cost of operations or otherwise make it more difficult for us to operate at our current locations.
Given the political significance and uncertainty around the impact of climate change and how it should be addressed, and energy disclosure and use regulations, we cannot predict how legislation and regulation will affect our financial condition and results of operations in the future in the United States and the States of Texas and Kentucky. Further, even without such regulation, increased awareness and any adverse publicity in the global marketplace about potential impacts on climate change or energy use by us or other companies in our industry could harm our reputation. Any of the foregoing could result in a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition.
The compliance costs of responding to new and changing regulations could adversely affect our operations at the Rockdale Facility and the Corsicana Facility.
We (along with those from whom we purchase electricity) are subject to various federal, state, local, and international environmental laws and regulations, including those relating to the generation, storage, handling, and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes. Certain of these laws and regulations also impose joint and several liability, without regard to fault, for investigation and cleanup costs on current and former owners and operators of real property and persons who have disposed of or released hazardous substances into the environment. Our operations may involve the use of hazardous substances and materials, such as petroleum fuel for emergency generators, as well as batteries, cleaning solutions, and other materials.
Electricity costs could also be affected due to existing or new regulations on greenhouse gas emissions, whether such regulations apply to all consumers of electricity or just to specified uses, such as Bitcoin mining. These regulations may be federal, or we may be exposed to such regulations due to our Texas and Kentucky-based operations. There has been interest in the U.S. federal government and in the state governments of Texas and Kentucky in addressing climate change, including through regulation of Bitcoin mining. Past policy proposals to address climate change include measures ranging from taxes on carbon use or generation to energy consumption disclosure regimes to federally imposed limits on greenhouse gas emissions or energy use restrictions specific to Bitcoin mining. Further, although Texas has historically sought to maintain some degree of energy independence from the United States as a whole, it is unclear how future legislation and regulation will affect the Rockdale Facility and the Corsicana Facility. The course of future legislation and regulation in the United States and in Texas remains difficult to predict, and potential increased costs associated with new legislation or regulation cannot be estimated at this time.
27

Table of Contents
Regulatory changes or actions may alter the nature of an investment in us or restrict the use of cryptocurrencies in a manner that adversely affects our business, prospects, or operations.
As cryptocurrencies have grown in both popularity and market size, governments around the world have reacted differently to cryptocurrencies; certain governments have deemed them illegal, and others have allowed their use and trade without restriction, while some jurisdictions, such as the United States, subject the mining, ownership and exchange of cryptocurrencies to extensive, and in some cases overlapping, unclear and evolving regulatory requirements. 
In January 2025, U.S. President Donald Trump issued an executive order forming a presidential working group to establish a clear regulatory framework for digital assets, and leaders in both houses of the U.S. Congress have announced a bicameral working group with the objective of passing legislation to provide regulatory clarity for the industry. Committees in both houses of the U.S. Congress have held hearings to ensure fair access to financial services, including for companies operating in the digital asset space. Additionally, President Trump and members of the U.S. Congress announced that they are studying the possibility of creating a national strategic digital asset reserve to include Bitcoin, and at least twelve states have introduced legislation to create strategic Bitcoin reserves.
While these ongoing regulatory developments appear to be positive, and we anticipate greater regulatory certainty in the future, given the difficulty of predicting the outcomes of ongoing and future regulatory actions and legislative developments, it is possible that future developments could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, or operations.
Our interactions with a blockchain may expose us to SDN or blocked persons and new legislation or regulation could adversely impact our business or the market for cryptocurrencies.
OFAC requires us to comply with its sanction program and not conduct business with persons named on its SDN list. However, because of the pseudonymous nature of blockchain transactions we may inadvertently and without our knowledge engage in transactions with persons named on OFAC’s SDN list. Our Company’s policy prohibits any transactions with such SDN individuals, and we take all commercially reasonable steps to avoid such transactions, but we may not be adequately capable of determining the ultimate identity of the individual with whom we transact with respect to selling Bitcoin assets. Moreover, there is a risk that some bad actors will continue to attempt to use cryptocurrencies, including Bitcoin, as a potential means of avoiding federally imposed sanctions, such as those imposed in connection with the Russian invasion of Ukraine. 
We are unable to predict the nature or extent of new and proposed legislation and regulation affecting the Bitcoin industry, or the potential impact of the use of Bitcoin by SDN or other blocked or sanctioned persons, which could have material adverse effects on our business and our industry more broadly. Further, we may be subject to investigation, administrative or court proceedings, and civil or criminal monetary fines and penalties as a result of any regulatory enforcement actions, all of which could harm our reputation and affect the value of our common stock.
Bitcoin and Bitcoin mining, as well as cryptocurrencies generally, may be made illegal in certain jurisdictions, including the ones we operate in, which could adversely affect our business prospects and operations.
It is possible that state or federal regulators may seek to impose harsh restrictions or total bans on Bitcoin mining which may make it impossible for us to do business without relocating our mining operations, which could be very costly and time consuming. Further, although Bitcoin and Bitcoin mining, as well as cryptocurrencies generally, are largely unregulated in most countries (including the United States), regulators could undertake new or intensify regulatory actions that could severely restrict the right to mine, acquire, own, hold, sell, or use cryptocurrency or to exchange it for traditional fiat currency such as the United States Dollar. Such restrictions may adversely affect us as the large-scale use of Bitcoin as a means of exchange is presently confined to certain regions globally. Such circumstances could have a material adverse effect on us, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects or operations and potentially the value of any Bitcoin or other cryptocurrencies we mine or otherwise acquire or hold for our own account, and thus harm investors.
Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock
The trading price of shares of our common stock has been subject to volatility.
The trading price of our common stock has been, and is likely to continue to be, volatile, and may be influenced by various factors including the risks, uncertainties and factors described in this Annual Report and our other filings with the SEC, as well as factors beyond our control or of which we may be unaware. If these risks come to pass and our business and results of operation suffer as a result, the market price of our securities may decline, which could have a material adverse effect on an investment in our securities.
28

Table of Contents
Bitcoin is subject to price volatility resulting from financial instability, poor business practices, fraudulent activities of players in the market, and other factors outside of our control. Such factors may cause a decline in the price of Bitcoin, which may affect the trading price of our shares of common stock. 
We have issued new shares of our common stock, which has a dilutive effect
. 
We have, primarily, financed our strategic growth through our at-the-market (“ATM”) offerings and issuances of our common stock. Our ATM offerings allow us to raise capital as needed by tapping into the existing trading market for our shares by selling newly issued shares into the market depending on prevailing market prices. Our efforts to raise capital is for the purpose of executing on  development plans and strategic growth opportunities as they arise; however, holders of our common stock may experience dilution as a result of our sales of newly issued shares of our common stock in such ATM offerings. 
We have a classified Board; therefore, only approximately one-third of the Board is up for election at each annual stockholders’ meeting, which could limit stockholders’ ability to influence directors’ decision making.
Our Bylaws provide for a classified Board consisting of three classes of directors serving staggered three-year terms, and each year our stockholders elect one class of our directors. We believe that a classified board structure facilitates continuity and stability of leadership and policy by helping ensure that, at any given time, a majority of our directors have prior experience as directors of our Company and are familiar with our business and operations. In our view, this permits more effective long-term planning and helps create long-term value for our stockholders. The classified board structure, however, could prevent a party who acquires control of a majority of our outstanding voting stock from obtaining control of our Board until the second annual stockholders’ meeting following the date that party obtains control of a majority of our voting stock. The classified board structure may discourage a third party from initiating a proxy contest, making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us, as the structure makes it more difficult for a stockholder to replace a majority of our directors.
Article X of our Bylaws, as amended, designates the courts of the State of Nevada as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders, and therefore may limit our stockholders’ ability to choose a forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, employees, or agents.
Article X of our Bylaws, as amended, provides that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, and unless we consent to the selection of an alternative forum, the state and federal courts in and for the State of Nevada shall be the sole and exclusive forum for the resolution of certain actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders, and that, by purchasing our securities, our stockholders are deemed to have notice of and consented to this forum selection clause. Under Article X of our Bylaws, the following claims are subject to this forum selection clause: (a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company; (b) any action or proceeding asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director or officer of the Company to the Company or the Company’s stockholders; (c) any action or proceeding asserting a claim against the Company arising pursuant to any provision of the Nevada Revised Statutes or the Company’s Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws (as either might be amended from time to time); or (d) any action or proceeding asserting a claim against the Company governed by the internal affairs doctrine.
By its terms, the forum selection clause in our Bylaws applies to the foregoing claims to the fullest extent permitted by law, and, as such, should not be interpreted as precluding our stockholders from bringing claims under the Exchange Act in the appropriate federal court with jurisdiction over such claims, or any other claim for which the federal courts of the United States have exclusive jurisdiction.
We believe the choice-of-forum provision in our Bylaws will help provide for the orderly, efficient, and cost-effective resolution of legal issues affecting us by designating courts located in the State of Nevada as the exclusive forum for cases involving such issues. However, this provision may limit a stockholder’s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it believes to be favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers, employees, or agents, which may discourage such actions against us and our directors, officers, employees, and agents.
The Nevada revised statutes permit us to make this selection in our Bylaws. However, if a court were to find the choice-of-forum provision in our Bylaws inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations.
29

Table of Contents
Nevada law contains provisions that could discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our Company, prevent attempts to replace or remove current management and reduce the market price of our stock.
Certain provisions of Nevada law described below may make us a less attractive candidate for acquisition, which may adversely impact the value of the shares of our capital stock held by our stockholders. We have not opted out of these provisions in our Bylaws, as permitted under the Nevada Revised Statutes.
Nevada Revised Statutes Sections 78.411 through 78.444 (the “Nevada Combinations Statute”) generally prohibit “combinations” including mergers, consolidations, sales and leases of assets, issuances of securities and similar transactions by a Nevada corporation having a requisite number of stockholders of record (of which we are one) with any person who beneficially owns (or any affiliate or associate of the corporation who within the previous two years owned), directly or indirectly, 10% or more of the voting power of the outstanding voting shares of the corporation (an “interested stockholder”), within two years after such person first became an interested stockholder unless (i) the board of directors of the corporation approved the combination or transaction by which the person first became an interested stockholder before the person first became an interested stockholder or (ii) the board of directors of the corporation has approved the combination in question and, at or after that time, such combination is approved at an annual or special meeting of the stockholders of the target corporation, and not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of holders of stock representing at least 60% of the outstanding voting power of the target corporation not beneficially owned by the interested stockholder or the affiliates or associates of the interested stockholder.
Two years after the date the person first became an interested stockholder, the Nevada Combinations Statute prohibits any combination with that interested stockholder unless (i) the board of directors of the corporation approved the combination or transaction by which the person first became an interested stockholder before the person first became an interested stockholder or (ii) such combination is approved by a majority of the outstanding voting power of the corporation not beneficially owned by the interested stockholder or any affiliate or associate of the interested stockholder. The Nevada Combinations Statute does not apply to combinations with an interested stockholder after the expiration of four years from when the person first became an interested stockholder.
Because we do not currently intend to pay any cash dividends on our common stock, our stockholders will not be able to receive a return on their shares unless they sell them.
We currently intend to retain any future earnings to finance the development and expansion of our business. We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. Unless we pay dividends, our stockholders will not be able to receive a return on their shares unless they sell them. There is no assurance that stockholders will be able to sell shares when desired.
If we are unable to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls, we may fail to produce timely and accurate financial statements.
The design and effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting may not prevent all errors, misstatements or misrepresentations. While we have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting in the past, as of December 31, 2024, we concluded that our internal control over financial reporting contained no material weaknesses, and our management continues to implement measures designed to ensure controls are designed, implemented, and operating effectively.
While our management frequently reviews the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, there can be no guarantee that our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting will be effective in accomplishing all control objectives all of the time. Ineffective internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls could cause us to fail to meet our periodic reporting obligations and cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our common stock.
ITEM 1B.  UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS
None.
ITEM 1C. Cybersecurity 
​
We recognize the importance of assessing, identifying, and managing material risks associated with cybersecurity threats, as such term is defined in Item 106(a) of Regulation S-K. These material risks are managed across Riot, our subsidiaries, and third-party 
30

Table of Contents
contractors, and monitoring such 
risks and threats is integrated
 into our overall risk management program. Our risk management program is comprised of, among other things, policies that are designed to identify, assess, manage, and mitigate cybersecurity risk, and is based on applicable laws and regulations, informed by industry standards and best practices.

​
We conduct risk assessments to evaluate the effectiveness of our systems and processes in addressing threats and to identify opportunities for enhancements. Additionally, we conduct privacy and cybersecurity reviews, as well as annual employee training, and monitor emerging laws and regulations related to information security and data protection. We utilize third party tools and techniques to test and enhance our security controls, perform annual cybersecurity framework assessments, conduct ongoing penetration testing of our systems, and benchmark against industry practices. Our internal audit function provides independent assessment on the overall operations of our cybersecurity program and the supporting frameworks. 
​
In support of our risk management program, we have adopted an Information Security Policy (the “Info-Sec Policy”) and an Incident Response Plan (the “Response Plan”) that establish administrative, physical, and technical controls and procedures to protect the integrity, confidentiality, and accessibility of sensitive data that may exist throughout the Company as well as processes to assess, identify, manage, and report cybersecurity risks and incidents. Our Info-Sec Policy applies to all persons working for the Company, as well as any third parties working with us in any capacity. Violation of our Info-Sec Policy may result in revocation of access privileges, and disciplinary action up to and including termination of employment or service relations for third parties.
​
Our cybersecurity team analyzes all 
third-party
 vendors for compliance with our internal Info-Sec Policy in order to help us assess potential risks associated with their security controls. We also generally require third parties to, among other things, maintain security controls to protect our confidential information or data, and to notify us promptly, but in any case, no later than twenty-four (24) hours after the occurrence of any data breach or cybersecurity incident that may impact our data. After coordinating a response to any third-party cybersecurity incident, the incident response team reviews service providers’ compliance with the privacy and data security requirements of our Info-Sec Policy, obtains written assurance of corrective actions, as appropriate, and considers whether additional measures need to be taken to protect the Company.
​
Our cybersecurity team engages and utilizes third-party services as it monitors and actively responds to cybersecurity threats.
 We utilize an Endpoint Detection and Response (EDR) platform, an anti-virus application, through which incoming electronic communications are filtered, and an email security platform which seeks out identifiers in communications that disguise, impersonate, or otherwise misrepresent the source of the communication. Any such communications are then subject to quarantine or removal depending on the severity of issue. Additionally, we use a Security Information and Event Management (SIEM) system, which allows us to store logs off the system of record to prevent log tampering and provides the cybersecurity team functionality to build alerts on specific use cases that are important and unique to our business. We also implement robust network security protections and enterprise hardware for firewalls to safeguard our infrastructure against unauthorized access and cyber threats. Our strategy for 2025 includes leveraging AI and machine learning for enhanced threat detection and response, adopting a Zero Trust architecture, and using quantum-resistant encryption methods for data protection. We also focus on ransomware defense, regular backup and recovery processes, and continuous employee training and awareness programs. Additionally, we ensure compliance with the latest regulations, participate in threat intelligence sharing, and explore emerging technologies like post-quantum cryptography and blockchain security. If our applications fail or our software does not successfully block malicious electronic communications, employees are required to notify an immediate supervisor or the cybersecurity team promptly, but in no circumstances later than twenty-four (24) hours after such occurrence. 
​
Our Board has ultimate oversight of our strategic and business risk management and, as such, has oversight responsibilities for risks and incidents relating to cybersecurity threats, including compliance with disclosure requirements, cooperation with law enforcement, and related effects on financial and other risks. 
The Board has delegated to the Audit Committee oversight risks of cybersecurity risk policies, practices and procedures.
 Management is responsible for identifying, assessing, and managing material cybersecurity risks on an ongoing basis, establishing and updating processes to ensure such potential risks are monitored, putting in place appropriate mitigation measures, and providing regular reports on cybersecurity trends and risks, and should they arise, any material incidents with our Board.

​
Our Chief Financial Officer
 is responsible for our cybersecurity program, and our Director of Cyber Security is our incident response team leader.
 In this position, our Director of Cyber Security oversees our cybersecurity team, and guides our incident response team, which is comprised of members from across our organization, including cybersecurity, IT support, mining operations, software engineering, compliance and legal, as well as contractors and other partners, as they support our cybersecurity functions. 
Our Director of Cyber Security has nearly two decades of experience in cybersecurity management and policy, achieved through job training, college education, and work in security and alignment of information technology solutions.
​
31

Table of Contents
The Response Plan, developed by management and our cybersecurity team, and IT support team, serves as a Company-wide guide to facilitate coordinated, prompt, and systematic responses to any cybersecurity incidents and utilizes four interconnecting phases: (1) Preparation; (2) Detection and Analysis; (3) Containment, Eradication, and Recovery; and (4) Post-Incident Activity. 
​
Upon detection of a cybersecurity incident and initial intake and validation by our cybersecurity team, our incident response team triages and evaluates the cybersecurity incident, and, depending on the severity, escalates the incident to management and a cross-functional working group. 
Any incident assessed as potentially being or potentially becoming material is immediately escalated for further assessment and reported to executive management.
 Determination of what resources are needed to address the incident, prioritizing of response activities, forming of action plans, and notification of external parties as needed are then undertaken by executive management and the cross-functional working group, led by our Chief Financial Officer and Director of Cyber Security. We consult with outside counsel as appropriate, including on materiality analysis and disclosure matters, and our executive management makes the final materiality and disclosure determinations, among other compliance decisions.
​
During 2024, 
we did not identify any cybersecurity threats that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our business strategy
, results of operations or financial condition. However, despite our efforts, we may not be successful in eliminating all risks from cybersecurity threats and can provide no assurances that undetected cybersecurity incidents have not occurred. See Part I, Item 1A. “Risk Factors” of this Annual Report for more information regarding the cybersecurity risks we face.