Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
The following discussion and analysis of the financial condition and results of operations of SoundHound should be read together with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto. The fiscal years presented are the periods ended December 31, 2024 (“2024”) and December 31, 2023 (“2023”). Information concerning the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (“2022”) and a comparison of 2023 and 2022 may be found under “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10‑K for 2023, filed with the SEC on March 1, 2024.
Some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis or set forth elsewhere in this report, including information with respect to SoundHound’s plans and strategy for its business and related financing, includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. As a result of many factors, including those factors set forth in the “Risk Factors” and “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward Looking Statements” section of this report, our actual results could differ materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in the following discussion and analysis. Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, references in this section to “SoundHound,” “we,” “us,” “our” and other similar terms refer to SoundHound AI, Inc.
Company Overview
We are a global leader in conversational intelligence, offering independent Voice AI solutions that enable businesses to deliver high-quality conversational experiences to their customers. Built on proprietary technology, SoundHound’s voice AI delivers best-in-class speed and accuracy in numerous languages to product creators across automotive, TV, and IoT, and to customer service industries via groundbreaking AI-driven products like Smart Answering, Smart Ordering, and Dynamic Interaction™, a real-time, multimodal customer service interface. Along with SoundHound Chat AI, a powerful voice assistant with integrated Generative AI, SoundHound powers millions of products and services, and processes billions of interactions each year for world class businesses.
We believe voice-enabled conversational user interface is a more natural interface for nearly all use cases, and product creators should have the ability to design, customize, differentiate, innovate and monetize the interface to their own product, as opposed to outsourcing it to a third-party assistant. For example, using SoundHound, businesses can voice-enable their products so consumers can say things like, “Turn off the air conditioning and lower the windows,” while in their cars, “Find romantic comedies released in the last year,” while streaming on their TV and even place food orders before arriving at a restaurant by talking to their cars, TVs or other IoT devices. Additionally, SoundHound’s technology can address complex user queries such as, “Show me all restaurants within half a mile of the Space Needle that are open past 9pm on Wednesdays and have outdoor seating,” and follow-on qualifications such as “Okay, don’t show me anything with less than 3 stars or fast food.”
The SoundHound developer platform, Houndify, is an open-access platform that allows developers to leverage SoundHound’s Voice AI technology and a library of over 100 content domains, including commonly used domains for points of interest, weather, flight status, sports and more. SoundHound's Collective AI is an architecture for connecting domain knowledge that encourages collaboration and contribution among developers. The architecture is based on proprietary software engineering technology, CaiLAN (Conversational AI Language), and machine learning technology, CaiNET (Conversational AI Network) to ensure fast, accurate and appropriate responses.
Our market position is strengthened by the technical barriers to entry in the Voice AI space, which tend to discourage new market participants. Furthermore, our technology is backed by significant investments in intellectual property, with over 192 patents granted and over 109 patents pending, spanning multiple fields including speech recognition, natural language understanding, machine learning, monetization and more. We have achieved this critical momentum in part thanks to a long-tenured leadership team with deep expertise and proven ability to attract and retain talent. We believe that SoundHound has extensive technical expertise and a proven track record of innovation and value creation for us to continue to attract customers in the growing market for Voice AI transactions.
We believe that SoundHound is well-positioned to fill the growing void and demand for an independent Voice AI platform. The Voice AI offerings from big tech companies are primarily an extension of their more core services and offerings. Rather than strengthening a customer’s product, it can take over the entire experience, thus disintermediating the company’s brand, users and data. As a result, brands relying on big tech may lose their ability to innovate, differentiate and customize. In some cases, these providers even compete with the products they support, making them increasingly less attractive as a choice for a voice interface.
42
Table of Contents
The alternative options are generally legacy vendors tending to use what we consider to be dated technologies at a high price. Furthermore, many of these technologies still require significant effort by the product creators to turn them into solutions that can compete with the quality of the big tech offering, which in many cases is not practical. Due to the high barrier to entry in Voice AI, there are not many independent players.
This creates a great opportunity for SoundHound: we believe that we provide disruptive technologies that are superior to the alternatives, with better terms, allowing customers to maintain their brand, control the user experience, get access to the data and define their own privacy policies, while being able to customize, differentiate, innovate and monetize.
When it comes to criteria for adoption, our goal is to win on every dimension. We believe to be the first two criteria customers typically consider are technology and brand control. We strive to provide our customers with the best technology, and we provide a white label solution giving our customers control of their brands. In some industries you may have to choose between technology and brand control. In our case, we offer our customers the best of both, enabling them to offer disruptive technologies to their users while maintaining control of their brand and user experience.
We also expect to provide an additional path to monetization for our customer base. By choosing our platform, product creators can generate additional revenue while making their product better by using Voice AI, providing further incentive to choose our platform.
We believe that we offer a superior ecosystem, benefiting from our Collective AI product architecture along with offering customers definable privacy controls, which are becoming increasingly important in the industry of Voice AI. Additionally, there is no conflict of interest between us and our partners and customers as we do not compete with them (as some other Voice AI vendors do). We also offer edge and hybrid solutions. This means our technology can optionally run without a cloud connection for increased flexibility and privacy. We aim to deliver the most advanced Voice AI in the world and thus allowing our partners to differentiate and innovate their overall experiences for their brands.
We strongly believe that product creators know their product and users best. The idea of a single third-party assistant taking over their product is not reflective of our anticipated future. We envision that every product will have its own identity, and will have Voice AI customized in different ways. Product creators can each tap into a single Collective AI to access the ever-growing set of domains, but the product creators can innovate on top of Collective AI and create value for the end users in their own way. This is the future that we are focusing on enabling.
When a product is voice enabled, we see three stages of integration and value propositions. The first stage is to enable the core use case of the product. For example, the product could be a TV, a coffee machine, a car, a wearable device, a robot, a smart speaker or an appliance, and with your voice you can control the functionality of the device and the product. With a TV, you can ask it to change the channel, increase the volume, rewind by 30 seconds, search for movies and even add personalization by adding a TV show to your favorites. Note that this is different from adding a third-party voice assistant to the product. Our view is that every product needs to have an interface, and voice-AI is a natural and compelling interface that unlocks new use cases and potential. Consider just the simple example of rewinding or fast forwarding by a specific duration. That is a command that can be done with voice in only a few seconds, but it can take many steps to use alternative interfaces such as a remote control or a companion app.
Once the core features of a product are voice-enabled, it can be further enhanced in the second stage of integration: the addition of third-party content and domains. SoundHound has extensive partnerships with content providers and, through these partnerships, can fulfill many needs of our customers. For example, your TV, car or even a coffee machine can answer questions about weather, sports scores, stock prices or flight status, and even search for a local business. The addition of these public domains further enhances the value proposition of the product.
Finally, as the third step, you enter the world of monetization where you can add features that deliver value to the end user, and also generate revenues that we share with the product creators. To summarize with an example, imagine walking up to your coffee machine and asking for a triple shot extra hot latte. While you are waiting for your drink, you can ask for weather and sports scores, and if you desire, you can even order bagels from your favorite nearby bakery.
There are three pillars to our revenue model. The first pillar is Product Royalties, where we voice enable a product and the product creator pays us a royalty based on volume, usage or duration. SoundHound collects royalty revenue when your technology is placed in a car, smart speaker or an appliance, for example.
43
Table of Contents
The second pillar is Service Subscription. This is when, for example, SoundHound enables customer service or food ordering for restaurants or content management, appointments and voice commerce. And, for that, we generate subscription revenue from the service providers. Pillars one and two can grow independently and they are proven, established business models.
The third pillar seeks to create a monetization ecosystem that brings the services from pillar two to the products in pillar one. When the users of a voice-enabled product in pillar one access the voice-enabled services of pillar two, these services generate new leads and transactions. SoundHound will generate monetization revenue from the services for generating these leads and transactions, and we will share the revenue with the product creators of pillar one. 
For example, when the driver of a voice-enabled car places an order to a restaurant that is also voice enabled, we will have unlocked a seamless transaction. Accordingly, the restaurant will pay us for that order, and we will share that revenue with the product creator or the car manufacturer. In this example, each party receives value in the ecosystem. The restaurant is happy because they generated a new lead and booked a sale. The user is happy because they have received value through a natural ordering process, simply by speaking to their car. And the car manufacturer is happy because they delivered value to the end user and generated additional revenue from the usage of their product. 
During the periods presented in the consolidated financial statements, we have not generated revenue from leads and transactions on voice-enabled products from voice-enabled services other than from the SoundHound music identification app. Going forward, SoundHound expects monetization revenue to be generated through a combination of advertising revenue from the music identification app and, over time, from leads and transactions on voice-enabled products from voice-enabled services, which we expect will provide much more seamless opportunities for consumers to access goods and services that they covet as we further build out and scale the voice-enabled ecosystem.
 We expect this disruptive, three-pillar business model will create a monetization flywheel; as more products integrate into our platform, more users will use it and more services will choose to integrate as well. This creates even more usage, and results in a flow of revenue share to product creators, which further encourages even greater adoption and integration with our platform and the cycle will perpetually continue and expand. This ecosystem increases adoption and increases our addressable market. While all three pillars contribute to our revenues today, the majority of the contribution is currently from our first and second pillar with only a small contribution from pillar three from our music identification app. Over time, we expect our revenues from the monetization pillar to increase meaningfully in the future.
Recent Developments
Amelia Acquisition
On August 6, 2024, we completed the acquisition of Amelia, a privately-held conversational AI software company involved in the development and delivery of AI and automation solutions and related services to improve customer experience and optimize business outcomes. We expect Amelia will bring together decades of experience in conversational AI, and highly complementary product portfolios, to offer best-in-class, scalable customer service support to a vast spectrum of businesses. These include some of the very largest multinational enterprise brands, top 15 global banks, and Fortune 500 organizations, with the combined company spanning nearly 200 marquee customers. We believe the acquisition of Amelia is expected to strengthen SoundHound’s position in voice and conversational AI and allow us to enter new industries such as healthcare, insurance, financial services, energy and retail, expanding our market reach. Refer to the "Liquidity and Capital Resources" section for discussion on the purchase price and the Acquisition's impact on SoundHound's liquidity.
We have incurred certain significant costs relating to the SYNQ3 and Amelia Acquisitions, such as legal, accounting, financial advisory and other professional services fees, as well as other customary payments. Refer to "