Item 3. Legal Proceedings
The material set forth in the section titled “Legal Proceedings” in Note 7 of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures
Not applicable.
40
Table of Contents
Part II
Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
Market Information for Common Stock
Our Class A common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol “SOUN.” Our Class B common stock is neither listed nor traded. Our listed redeemable warrants are listed on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol “SOUNW.”
Stockholders
According to the records of our transfer agent, 
there were 74 holders of record of our Class A common stock, 3 holders
 of record of our Class B common stock and 7 holders of record of our listed redeemable warrants on 
December 31, 2024
. 
Dividends
We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future.
Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans
The following table sets forth information as of December 31, 2024 relating to all our equity compensation plans:
Plan Category
Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options (in thousands)
Weighted Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options
Number of Granted Restricted Stock Awards Outstanding (in thousands)
Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance (in thousands)
Equity compensation plans approved by security holders
5,926
$
4.44 
23,654
11,216 
Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders
— 
— 
— 
— 
Total
5,926 
4.44 
23,654 
11,216 
Performance Graph
In accordance with Exchange Act Rule 14a-3(b), the disclosure for this item will be included in our annual report to be provided to the Company's stockholders in connection with the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held in 2025, which annual report shall be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year.
Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities
None that have not already been disclosed in a prior Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or Current Report on Form 8-K.
Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers
None.
Item 6. [Reserved]
41
Table of Contents