Item 1. Business
Our Mission
SoundHound’s mission is to voice-enable the world with conversational intelligence through an independent AI platform enabling humans to interact with products and services like they interact with each other — by speaking naturally.
Company Overview
We are a global leader in conversational intelligence, offering independent Voice AI solutions that enable businesses to deliver high-quality conversational experiences to their customers. Built on proprietary technology, SoundHound’s voice AI delivers best-in-class speed and accuracy in numerous languages to product creators across automotive, TV, and IoT, and to customer service industries via groundbreaking AI-driven products like Smart Answering, Smart Ordering, and Dynamic Interaction™, and Employee Assist. Along with SoundHound Chat AI, a powerful voice assistant with integrated Generative AI, SoundHound powers millions of products and services, and processes billions of interactions each year for world class businesses.
We believe voice-enabled conversational user interface is a more natural interface for nearly all use cases, and product creators should have the ability to design, customize, differentiate, innovate and monetize the interface to their own product, as opposed to outsourcing it to a third-party assistant. For example, using SoundHound, businesses can voice-enable their products so consumers can say things like, “Turn off the air conditioning and lower the windows,” while in their cars, “Find romantic comedies released in the last year,” while streaming on their TV and even place food orders before arriving at a restaurant by talking to their cars, TVs or other IoT devices. Additionally, SoundHound’s technology can address complex user queries such as, “Show me all restaurants within half a mile of the Space Needle that are open past 9pm on Wednesdays and have outdoor seating,” and follow-on qualifications such as “Okay, don’t show me anything with less than 3 stars or fast food.”
The SoundHound developer platform, Houndify, is an open-access platform that allows developers to leverage SoundHound’s Voice AI technology and a library of over 100 content domains, including commonly used domains for points of interest, weather, flight status, sports and more. SoundHound's Collective AI is an architecture for connecting domain knowledge that encourages collaboration and contribution among developers. The architecture is based on proprietary software engineering technology, CaiLAN (Conversational AI Language), and machine learning technology, CaiNET (Conversational AI Network) to ensure fast, accurate and appropriate responses.
Our market position is strengthened by the technical barriers to entry in the Voice AI space, which tend to discourage new market participants. Furthermore, our technology is backed by significant investments in intellectual property, with over 192 patents granted and over 109 patents pending, spanning multiple fields including speech recognition, natural language understanding, machine learning, monetization and more. We have achieved this critical momentum in part thanks to a long-tenured leadership team with deep expertise and proven ability to attract and retain talent.
Market Opportunity
A significant addressable market
To take advantage of opportunities created by the expansion of Voice AI, companies across industries are turning to independent providers with disruptive technology offerings to help them design and build custom voice assistants. The demand for Voice AI technology is growing exponentially as companies compete to lead the market with the best technology, excellent customer relationships, and greatest innovations. Custom, branded voice assistants are allowing companies to improve their customer interactions at every touchpoint. 
Strategy
We believe that Voice AI will be the next major technology disruption in computing.
Human-computer interfaces became popularized through computers offering a keyboard and mouse. After that came mobile devices with touch screens. We now have IoT devices with Voice AI. After the internet became mainstream, every 
1
Table of Contents
company needed to have a website. After the mobile ecosystem became mature, every company needed to have a mobile strategy. We note that some very successful companies were created purely on the mobile ecosystem.
We believe the same concept will apply to the world of Voice AI where every company will need to have a strategy and there will exist success stories built on top of platforms like ours. These interfaces will co-exist: for example, mobile and touch screens did not completely replace computers with a keyboard and mouse, therefore Voice AI will also co-exist with computers and mobile. However, with billions of IoT devices that don’t have a keyboard or a mouse or a touch screen, we believe that voice will be the preferred or the only way to interact with these devices.
Technical Development
In 2005, as recent graduates from Stanford, our founders began envisioning a future where we would be talking to products just as we do other people. Inspired to make their vision a reality, the Company was founded with a simple and powerful mission: Add Voice AI to everything. To this day, the Company is still run by its original founding team.
SoundHound’s technology represents the evolution of several disruptive breakthroughs in voice-AI and sound recognition developed over almost two decades. Using innovative audio and music identification technology, in 2009, our founders launched the SoundHound music identification app. Since its inception, the app has received over 300 million downloads.
In parallel, the founding team worked in stealth on a fundamentally new technology — one that had the potential to revolutionize human-to-computer voice interaction. Up until then, all voice interactions relied on speech-to-text and then text-to-meaning. Our engineers knew that for a true voice engine to flourish, it needed to understand speech directly, just like humans do.
In 2015, SoundHound introduced the Houndify Voice AI platform incorporating breakthrough Speech-to-Meaning and Deep Meaning Understanding technologies, which, to SoundHound’s knowledge represented voice interaction technologies not yet broadly available at the time as its foundation.
After we went public in 2022, SoundHound rapidly introduced innovation to the market with Smart Ordering, Dynamic Interaction
TM
, SoundHound Chat AI, and Smart Answering, among other products (see "Products and Technology" hereafter).
SoundHound’s Vision
A typical reaction to SoundHound’s technology is “Wow! Even humans cannot do this.” This is the crux of our vision: 
Create a Voice AI platform that exceeds human capabilities and brings value and delight via an ecosystem of billions of products enhanced by innovation and monetization opportunities.
Computers are better than humans at computing, but they’re not always better than humans at performing certain tasks. For example, we used to easily beat computers in the game of chess, but now computers can even top grandmasters. When it comes to language understanding, the general perception is computers are not yet as good as humans. People talk using complex conversations with each other, but when they talk to voice assistants, they lower their expectations and use short, simple, keyword-based queries. We aim to change that by making computers better than humans in language understanding. As a result, SoundHound can make humans more productive and help make the world a better place.
To provide another example, if a user is looking for a restaurant, but anything other than Chinese (because they had Chinese food yesterday) they can ask the concierge of a hotel: “Show me restaurants, excluding Chinese”, and the concierge can point the customer in the right direction. But when talking to a typical voice assistant, users often don’t ask the question: “show me restaurants, excluding Chinese”, because they don’t expect that it will work. And in fact, most other voice assistants will offer Chinese restaurants when asked to show restaurants excluding Chinese. With SoundHound’s technology, users can ask even more complicated questions, such as: “show me Asian restaurants in San Francisco, excluding Chinese and Japanese, and only show the ones that have more than three stars and are open after 9:00 PM on Wednesdays.” In addition, users can follow up and ask it to refine the criteria such as “remove Korean and Vietnamese, sort by rating then by price, and only show the ones that are good for kids and have a patio.”
Additionally, through SoundHound's AI-driven restaurant voice ordering solution, Smart Ordering, automated voice technology can be deployed by any restaurant to take food and drink orders over the phone, via menu kiosks or at the drive-
2
Table of Contents
thru. Its sophisticated technology learns the menu of each business and can answer questions, accept modifications and even upsell, helping the restaurant process more orders quickly and efficiently.
Our vision further includes empowering billions of devices around the world using our technology, with innovation and monetization opportunities for the product creators that integrate to our platform. It means product creators can not only use Voice AI to make their product better; they can also generate incremental recurring revenues from customer interactions.
Our vision also places a high emphasis on user experience. Before monetization growth can occur, delivering value and delight to end users is paramount. As a result, the most effective monetizable interactions will be those that flow naturally based on context, create value for the end-user, and would not be perceived by users as intrusive advertisements.
Products and Technology 
SoundHound’s momentum in the Voice AI market can, in large part, be attributed to our large number of technology breakthroughs. 
Houndify Platform
SoundHound’s Voice AI platform combines advanced AI with engineering expertise to help brands build conversational voice assistants. From proprietary components to customizable and scalable solutions, we offer tools to build a highly accurate and responsive voice user interface.
The suite of Houndify tools includes Application Programming Interfaces (“API”) for text and voice queries, support for custom commands, extensive library of content domains, inclusive Software Development Kit platforms, collaboration capabilities, diagnostic tools, and built-in analytics.
Houndify provides a web API that takes in text queries or audio and returns actionable JavaScript Object Notation to anyone with an internet connection wanting to add Voice AI to any product or application.
CaiNET and CaiLAN Expert Domain Selections
SoundHound’s CaiNET software uses machine learning to enhance how domains work together to better handle complex queries including natural language processing, predictive analytics, and building language models, or translation of speech.
SoundHound’s proprietary CaiLAN software expertly arbitrates responses so users get better answers from the right domain such as for use with natural language processing, predictive analytics, and building language models, or translation of speech.
Automatic Speech Recognition (“ASR”)
Our highly optimized, tunable, and scalable ASR engine supports vocabulary sizes containing millions of words. Houndify’s machine learning infrastructure allows us to tune the engine to achieve optimal Computer Processing Unit (“CPU”) performance while delivering high accuracy rates.
Houndify’s language and acoustic modelling architecture also uses machine learning to increase word recognition accuracy. Rapid iteration is possible due to our accelerated training pipeline and architecture that improves as data is collected. Highly accurate transcriptions result from advanced acoustic models trained to perform in a variety of scenarios — including in severely noisy environments and when accented language is spoken.
Natural Language Understanding (“NLU”)
Our proprietary Speech-to-Meaning technology tracks speech in real-time and understands the context, even before the user has finished speaking. Instead of the typical two-step process of transcribing speech into text and then passing the text into an NLU model, Houndify can accomplish both of these tasks in one step, delivering faster and more accurate results.
3
Table of Contents
Houndify’s ability to process and understand speech the instant a user stops speaking gives voice assistants the ability to respond faster. Understanding speech in real-time without requiring additional processing or waiting for the user to finish speaking creates responsive and natural conversations between people and products.
By understanding context, Houndify responds accurately to users by distinguishing between similar words and names. Our NLU can discern the difference between words that sound the same, but have different spellings and meanings. For example, if users want to navigate to 272 Hoch Street in Dayton, Ohio, it won’t look for Hawk Street.
Using our proprietary Deep Meaning Understanding technology, a custom voice assistant can handle complex queries with compound criteria including conversational follow up, address multiple questions and filter results simultaneously — accurately and quickly answering users’ most complex questions.
These technologies are anchored by three important innovations: Speech-to-Meaning, Deep Meaning Understanding and Collective AI. 
Speech-to-Meaning refers to SoundHound’s ability to convert speech to meaning simultaneously and in real time. Most traditional approaches first convert speech to text, and then convert text to meaning. This approach can be both slower and less accurate. It’s slower because the two steps are done in sequence, and the additional processing time of the second step can be noticeable by the end user. It can also be less accurate because if the first step of speech to text makes a mistake, the resulting incorrect text is then sent to the second step, and the error further propagates.
Our development of Speech to Meaning technology was inspired by the human brain. As we listen to someone speaking, our brain does not convert speech to text, and then text to meaning. Instead, our brain converts speech to meaning simultaneously and in real time. With Speech-to-Meaning, as you speak to SoundHound’s technology, it performs both speech recognition and language understanding simultaneously, which results in faster response time and higher accuracy, because real-time language understanding can feed into the real-time speech recognizer as additional information to reduce errors.
Deep Meaning Understanding is our innovative approach to language understanding that allows our Voice AI platform to understand highly complex conversation.
For example it can understand: “Show me hotels in San Francisco that are less than $600, but not less than $300, are pet friendly, have a gym and a pool with at least three stars staying for two nights, and don’t include anything that doesn’t have Wi-Fi.”
A complex search like this will take many minutes to perform on a website with complex forms, but it can be done within a few seconds using SoundHound technology, which we believe to be unique in its ability to handle complex queries of this nature at scale.
Collective AI is an architecture that gives potential to SoundHound to improve the understanding capability of its platform exponentially based on linear contributions.
Most other platforms add skills or domains that are separate and don’t interact with each other. For them, linear contribution results in linear growth in understanding, which is less scalable. With the Collective AI architecture, SoundHound domains can be interconnected and learn from each other. As developers contribute to the platform, the platform’s understanding capability can grow exponentially.
Smart Ordering
SoundHound Smart Ordering offers an easy-to-understand voice assistant for restaurants that takes phone orders and automatically processes them by seamlessly integrating with multiple POS systems. For enterprises, we also offer a flexible Gateway to integrate with custom POSs. 
Dynamic Interaction
Dynamic Interaction is a category-level breakthrough in conversational AI that we believe raises the bar for human-computer interaction by not only recognizing and understanding speech, but also responding and acting in real-time. Where existing voice technology requires wake words and relies on turn-taking with awkward pauses to process requests, 
4
Table of Contents
Dynamic Interaction uses the twin technologies of fragment parsing – which breaks speech down to partial-utterances and processes them in real-time – and full-duplex audio-visual integration to create an instantaneous, next-generation experience in human-computer interaction. 
SoundHound Chat AI
We launched SoundHound Chat AI, which we believe will usher in a new phase of voice-enabled, conversational AI by combining the power of software engineering and machine learning generative AI. 
SoundHound Chat AI integrates with dozens of knowledge domains, pulling real-time data like weather, sports, stocks, flight status, restaurants, and many more. We combine this with the most cutting-edge large language models like OpenAI’s ChatGPT to deliver the most accurate, timely, and comprehensive responses. There is no need for awkward search queries since you can speak to SoundHound Chat AI naturally, like another person. You can also follow-up questions and commands without awkward pauses to filter, sort, or add more information to the original request. 
Smart Answering
SoundHound Smart Answering is built to offer all customer establishments, including restaurants, the option to build an easy to use, custom AI-powered voice assistant that can handle 100% of phone calls including, greetings, hours, menu, location, delivery, wait time, policies, promotions, including SMS functionality for reservations and appointments, and many more standard and custom options.
Wake Words
Wake words are the entry point into branded voice experiences, allowing users to invoke the assistant by literally speaking the company’s name. Examples range from “Hey Pandora” in a mobile app to “Hey Peugeot” within a vehicle.
Rigorous development and testing enable our wake words to perform in noisy environments and minimize false-positives or false-negatives. We use advanced machine learning algorithms and Deep Neural Networks to provide broad robustness to our high-volume training data, resulting in high accuracy.
Custom Domains
Our library of over 100 public domains is available to give developers instant access to a broad range of content to fit their unique use cases. This includes multi-category content intended to appeal to broad range of audiences, including, for instance, sports scores, weather, podcasts, travel information, recipes, stock prices, among many others.
Companies can enhance product functionality or proprietary operations with Houndify Private Domains, allowing customization and development of more specific content. Customers who subscribe for this service have full access to their private domains securely on our platform while retaining the ability to iterate and update content.
For example, an automotive manufacturer can make helpful updates about the car’s user manual over time. In this way, SoundHound becomes a long-term “partner” to its customers, helping companies create the domains that they need in order to improve brand value for their own customers or end users.
Text-to-speech (“TTS”)
A high quality TTS helps companies create a unique voice that differentiates them from the competition. Brands can fully express their personality by choosing the gender, tone, and personality that will become their vocal identity.
Our machine learning algorithms transform recorded voices into large databases of spoken sounds to form entire vocabularies of natural language — adapted to the user’s environment. We can transform any voice to generate a high-quality TTS with a small CPU footprint.
Edge and Cloud Connectivity
5
Table of Contents
With edge (embedded) we offer a fully-embedded voice solution for brands seeking the convenience of a voice user interface without the privacy or connectivity concerns of the internet. Includes full access to custom commands and the ability to instantly update commands during development.
With Cloud we equip your voice assistant with real-time data from the cloud, deliver the most relevant responses with no CPU or memory restrictions, and retain ownership of customer relationships with access to data and analytics.
To harness the capabilities of full cloud connectivity with the reliability of embedded edge voice technology. Houndify Edge Hybrid solutions are designed to ensure that devices are always-on and responsive to commands. Allows for over-the-air product updates and a broader voice experience with the level of cloud-connectivity that best matches the product and its users.
Competitive Strengths and Differentiators
The majority of participants in the Voice AI industry can be characterized as either “big tech” companies (meaning large corporations offering Voice AI as an extension of other services) and “legacy vendors” (meaning long-time Voice-AI industry participants with older technologies).
Voice AI offerings from big tech companies are primarily an extension of their services. In many cases, rather than strengthening or interacting with the host product, big tech offerings tend to take over the entire product experience, thus “hijacking” the company’s brand, users, and data. As a result, brands relying on big tech Voice AI frequently experience decreased ability to innovate, differentiate, and customize the way that their products interact with Voice AI platforms and/or end users. In some cases, these big tech Voice AI providers even compete with the customers whose products their technologies support, making them increasingly less attractive as a choice for a voice interface.
The Voice AI market currently also includes “legacy vendors,” a number of whom we believe offer dated technologies. Furthermore, in many cases, legacy vendor technologies still require significant effort by product creators to turn legacy AI product offerings into solutions that can compete with the quality of Voice AI products currently offered by big tech companies, which is oftentimes neither economical nor practical.
Due to the high barrier to entry in Voice AI, the number of full solution platform providers is very limited. In our view, it takes many years and significant investment to build all the components of Voice AI. It then takes further time and resources to make the solutions competitive, mature, and viable for adoption. Finally, it requires significant investment to globalize the solution in multiple languages and regions. Although the number of platforms is limited, we note that the big tech players have significant resources. Against this landscape, SoundHound has achieved its successes to date through technology innovation, business model innovation, and global alliances that we believe make us well-positioned to continue to grow and execute our business plan.
With the recent popularization of Generative AI and Large Language Models in early 2023, we view this as an inflection point for Conversational AI, with a clear intersection between technology readiness and subsequent demand and adoption. Such intersections are rare, and SoundHound is in a unique position to create tremendous value. 
We believe the impact of Generative AI and Large Language Models to the field of Conversational AI is similar to the impact of Deep Neural Networks to Machine Learning: Better quality models can be created faster and with fewer tedious engineering requirements. And we view the market impact of this to be transformative, similar to the mobile ecosystem disruption of the last decade. Fast movers like us will create tremendous value. 
We view the current environment as an opportunity to provide disruptive technologies with capabilities we believe are superior to existing alternatives, allowing customers to maintain their brand, control the user experience, get access to the data, and define their own privacy policies, while being able to customize, differentiate, innovate, and monetize.
Revenue Model
Market Momentum
Our entry into the Voice AI space began with 10 years of constant innovation in “stealth” building disruptive technologies in Voice AI using innovative approaches. Our goal was to build a differentiated Voice AI technology that we 
6
Table of Contents
fully own and which is significantly better than other solutions in the market. We achieved that goal and unveiled the result in 2015, launching it as the Houndify platform in 2016.
Building a Diverse, Global Customer Base
SoundHound continues to expand the capabilities that make us well-positioned to serve the needs of customers globally. We have grown our solution from a single language capability to 25 languages.
Our customers include a range of product and service providers of all sizes, spanning a range of industries, including automotive, IoT, apps, restaurants, and more. Many of our global customers have end users in multiple regions and industries and we have seen our products successfully used by them across multiple contexts and purposes.
Three pillars for growth
We have identified three pillars for revenue growth: Royalties, Subscription, and Monetization, and all three pillars contribute to our current revenues today. While the majority of current revenues come from royalties and subscriptions, over time we expect our revenues from monetization pillars to increase meaningfully in the future.
(1)
Royalties
: This involves voice-enabling a product. The product creator pays us a royalty based on volume, usage, or duration. SoundHound collects royalties when our platform is integrated into a product such as a car, smart TV, or IoT.
(2)
Subscription
: This involves voice-enabling a service that doesn’t rely on a physical product. Examples include when SoundHound enables customer service or food ordering for restaurants or content management, appointments, or voice commerce, we generate subscription revenue from the service providers.
(3)
Monetization
: This pillar creates an ecosystem that enables monetization services in products and services from both pillar one and pillar two. When users of a voice-enabled product access the voice-enabled monetization, this creates new leads and transactions. SoundHound generates monetization revenue for generating these leads and transactions, and will share revenue with the product creators. 
We expect the disruptive three-pillar business model will create a monetization flywheel. As more products integrate into our platform, more users will use it, and more services will choose to integrate as well. This creates even more usage, and results in a flow of revenue share to product creators, which further encourages even greater adoption and integration with our platform, and we expect the cycle will perpetually continue to expand and create an ecosystem with a compound impact on our business. 
SoundHound’s criteria for adoption
When it comes to criteria for adoption, our goal is to win on every dimension. We believe our product will be adopted because customers typically choose the best technology and want to own their brand and control their data. We strive to provide our customers with the best technology, and we can provide a white label solution giving our customers control of their brands. In some industries you may have to choose between technology and brand control. In our case, we aim to offer our customers the best of both, enabling them to offer disruptive technologies to their users while maintaining control of their brand and user experience.
With our disruptive monetization strategy, we also provide a path to monetization. By choosing our platform, product creators can generate additional revenue while making their product better using Voice AI, providing further incentive to choose our platform.
We offer an ecosystem with our expert domain selections that seamlessly arbitrates between LLMs and real time domains and limits "AI hallucinations", along with definable privacy controls, which are becoming increasingly important in the industry of Voice AI. We also offer edge, cloud and hybrid solutions, which means our technology can optionally run without a cloud connection for increased flexibility and privacy. Our focus is on delivering the most advanced Voice AI in the world and thus allowing our partners to differentiate and innovate their overall experiences for their brands. Additionally, there is no conflict of interest between us and our partners and customers as we do not compete with them (as some other Voice AI vendors do).
7
Table of Contents
We believe that product creators know their product and users best. The idea of a single third-party assistant taking over their product is not reflective of our anticipated future. We envision that every product will have its own identity, and they will have Voice AI customized in different ways. They can each tap into a single platform to access the ever-growing set of domains, but the product creators can innovate on top of platform and create value for the end users in their own way.
Research and Development
Research and development have been the foundation of our company since its origin. We have invested significantly over the years in making conversational Voice AI technology by leveraging advanced technologies across signal processing, speech recognition, machine learning and more. The complexities of our design and the associated technological breakthroughs have required more than ten years of research and development activities to fine tune our technology for commercial use. We continue to explore different innovation strategies to strengthen our capabilities.
In particular, we are continually working to improve the speed and accuracy of our Voice AI solutions and make customer adoption easier and faster. We have protected our innovations throughout with patents and trade secrets, and we have continued to strengthen our competitive positioning by staying on top of the latest advancements in the Voice AI industry. We expect to continue to keep research and development and, more broadly, innovation and product quality at the forefront of our strategy and core focus.
Sales and Marketing
We take an insight-driven, account-based marketing approach to build and expand our relationships with customers and partners. We collect feedback directly from them to garner insights that help drive the business and product. We also work with analysts and higher education institutions to conduct studies, test and validate technology performance, providing key proof points for those considering our products. In parallel, marketing and communications drive our brand equity and narrative through ongoing announcements, campaigns, events, speaking opportunities, and public relations efforts.
Our demand generation efforts span the full customer funnel to target prospects across a variety of channels including: advertising, email, social media, search engines and many other digital channels.
Sales and marketing will play a critical role in the next phase of our evolution as a company, with key ongoing investments in our team and leadership. While our products are already scaling with existing customers, markets and verticals, we see significant opportunities to grow into new ones. Increased sales and marketing efforts will enable us to capitalize on the tremendous momentum we are building and we expect to continue expanding resources to grow our personnel and leadership team focused on sales and marketing. 
Intellectual Property
SoundHound’s intellectual property portfolio includes over 192 patents granted and over 109 patents pending worldwide. These patents cover areas such as speech recognition, natural language understanding, machine learning, human interfaces, and others, including monetization and advertising.
Out of our 301 patents granted and pending, more than 40 of these patents are in conversational monetization. Because we predict that search traffic will change from keyword-based queries to conversational interactions, we have a large number of patents in the area of conversational advertising.
Human Capital
At SoundHound, our success is driven by the quality of our people, who we believe are among the best and brightest in the industry. We strive to create an environment that supports employee success and a culture where everyone has a voice in driving innovation.
8
Table of Contents
Employees
As of December 31, 2024, we had approximately 842 full-time employees, of which approximately 54% were in the United States and 46% were in our international locations. We have not experienced work stoppages and believe our employee relations are good.
Employee Experience
We focus on delivering a great employee experience, anchored by meaningful work, career opportunities and well-being, to continue to attract and retain high quality talent. We support employee well-being from multiple dimensions, including economic, health, development, and lifestyle with a comprehensive suite of compensation, benefits and flexible work options. 
For the vast majority of SoundHound’s employees, productivity is not tied to being in an office and collaboration can happen between people anywhere. SoundHound’s modern approach to work gives our employees more flexibility to choose where and how to work. Depending on their role, many of our employees can choose their office location, as well as work from home some or all of the time. We believe this allows us to engage with a wider pool of talent and retain employees who want or need more flexibility.
Government Regulations
We are subject to various laws, regulations, and permitting requirements of federal, state, and local authorities, related to health and safety, consumer privacy, anti-corruption, export controls and AI-related regulations. The foregoing may include the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the U.S. Export Administration Regulations, Money Laundering Control Act of 1986 and any other equivalent or comparable laws of other countries. We believe that we are in material compliance with all such laws, regulations, and permitting requirements.
Legal Proceedings
From time to time, we may become involved in actions, claims, suits and other legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of our business, including assertions by third parties relating to personal injuries sustained using our products and services, intellectual property infringement, breaches of contract or warranties or employment-related matters. We are not currently a party to any actions, claims, suits or other legal proceedings the outcome of which, if determined adversely to us, would individually or in the aggregate have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
Available Information
Our website is located at 
www.soundhound.com
, and our investor relations website is located at 
investors.soundhound.com
. Access to copies of our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and our Proxy Statements, and any amendments to these reports, is available via a link through our investor relations website, free of charge, after we file or furnish them with the SEC and they are available on the SEC's website. We also utilize our investor relations website to webcast our earnings calls and provide notifications of news or announcements regarding our business updates, financial performance and other items that may be material or of interest to our investors, including SEC filings, investor events, press releases and earnings releases. Further, corporate governance information, including our certificate of incorporation, bylaws, governance guidelines, board committee charters, and code of ethics, is also available on our investor relations website. The contents of our websites are not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with the SEC, and any references to our websites are intended to be inactive textual references only.