Item 3. Legal 
Proceedings

As of the date of this report, we are not a party to any material legal proceedings. In the normal course of business, we may be named as a party to various legal claims, actions and complaints. We cannot predict whether any resulting liability will have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, cash flows, market position or stock price.

Item 4. Mine Safe
ty Disclosures

Not applicable.

38

Table of Contents

PART II

Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stoc
kholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

Market Information

Our common stock has traded on The Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol “PI” since July 21, 2016.

Holders of Record

As of January 31, 2025, there were 28 holders of record of our common stock. The actual number of holders is greater than the number of holders of record and includes stockholders who are beneficial owners but whose shares are held in street name by brokers and other nominees. The number of holders of record also does not include stockholders whose shares may be held in trust by other entities.

Dividends

We have never declared or paid a cash dividend on our common stock. We currently intend to apply our available funds and any future earnings to developing and growing our business. We therefore do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future. In addition, future debt instruments, if any, may materially restrict our ability to pay dividends on our common stock. Any future determination to pay dividends on our common stock will depend at least on our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity requirements, restrictions that may be imposed by applicable law or by contracts and any other factors that our board of directors may consider relevant.

Performance Graph

This performance graph shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, or incorporated by reference into any filing of Impinj, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.

The following performance graph compares the cumulative total stockholder return of our common stock versus the NASDAQ Composite Index and the Philadelphia Semiconductor Index.

This graph assumes that the investment in our common stock and in each index was $100 on December 31, 2019, and assumes dividend reinvestment, if any. The stock price performance in the graph is not indicative of future stock price performance.

39

Table of Contents

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans

For more information on securities authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plans, see Note 9 and Note 10 of our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report.

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities

None.

Use of Proceeds

None.

Repurchases

None.

Item 6. [
Reserved]

40

Table of Contents

 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
 Financial Condition and Results of Operations

You should read the following discussion and analysis together with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes to those statements included elsewhere in this report. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. As a result of many factors, such as those set forth under “Risk Factors” and elsewhere in this report, our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements.

For our discussion of our fiscal 2023 results compared to fiscal 2022 for both our results of operations and our liquidity and capital resources sections, refer to "