ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
Our Business 
Marqeta’s mission is modernizing financial services by making the entire payment experience native and delightful. Marqeta’s modern platform empowers our customers to create customized and innovative payment card programs, giving them configurability and flexibility. When our customers come to us to build a payments solution, they are not just building a card, they are building a payments experience.
Our platform encompasses debit, prepaid, and credit programs, and provides banking and money movement, risk management, and rewards products. We deliver a scaled solution to our customers to maximize the benefit of their card programs while also providing the tech layer that bridges the bank and the customer. Marqeta’s open APIs provide instant access to a highly scalable, cloud-based payment infrastructure that enables customers to embed the payments experience into apps or websites for a personalized user experience. Customers can launch and manage their own card programs, issue cards, and authorize and settle payment transactions quickly using our platform. 
We also deliver robust card program management, allowing our customers to embed Marqeta in their offering without having to build certain complex elements or customer support services. Our customers can focus on their areas of expertise, with more control over their card programs, while we manage the complexity of running the card programs with Issuing Banks and Card Networks (each as defined below).
In the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, total processing volume (“TPV”) on the Marqeta Platform was $291.1 billion, $222.3 billion, and $166.3 billion, respectively, which reflected year-over-year growth of 31% and 34%, respectively. TPV is the total dollar amount of payments processed through the Marqeta platform, net of returns and chargebacks. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” for a more detailed discussion of our strategy and key operating metric.
The Payments Ecosystem 
With every tap, swipe, or payment, a lot happens behind the scenes. The payments ecosystem of Issuing Banks, Acquiring Banks, Acquirer Processors, Issuer Processors, and Card Networks facilitates the exchange of information and funds and underpins global payment card purchase transactions.
•
“Acquirer Processors” connect Acquiring Banks and merchants to the Card Networks, to facilitate the flow of card payment information to an Issuing Bank.
•
“Acquiring Banks” are the financial institutions that merchants use to hold funds and manage their business. Acquiring Banks may work with an Acquirer Processor to provide access to the Card Networks.
•
“Card Networks” provide the infrastructure for settlement and card payment information that flows between an Issuer Processor and an Acquirer Processor.
•
“Issuer Processors” provide a technology platform, ledger, and infrastructure to support a card issuer and connects with a Card Network to facilitate payment transactions.
•
“Issuing Banks” are the financial institution that issue a payment card (debit, prepaid, or credit) either on its own behalf or on behalf of a business.
4
Table of Contents
Our Platform and Products 
Marqeta provides a single, global, cloud-based, open API platform for modern card issuing and transaction processing. Marqeta’s modern platform enables customers to build and rapidly scale their card programs with extensive control and configurability, and with high standards of reliability and security. Our platform is designed to reduce complexity for customers, enabling a full spectrum of consumer and commercial card issuing and transaction processing services in a single solution. We overlay robust program management expertise to help our customers design a customer-centric card program without requiring expertise in all of the nuances of managing a program themselves.
A key aspect of our modern platform is that our debit, prepaid, and credit offerings are all available in a combined offering, enabling customers to offer multiple products through Marqeta’s platform. For example, a retail company could use Marqeta to create a debit program to offer wage solutions to its hourly workers, a consumer credit program to its most loyal shoppers, and a commercial credit program to key suppliers to meet its working capital needs. These programs can all exist on Marqeta’s single, global, modern platform.
Our platform has a number of key attributes, including: 
Control
: Dynamic spend controls and Just-in-Time Funding (“JIT Funding”) provide customers with control over the payments flow.  
5
Table of Contents
Scale
: Global platform built on a cloud-native infrastructure and a suite of APIs to support our customers worldwide with a build-once, deploy-anywhere model.  
Configurable
: Highly configurable capabilities empower our customers to build native solutions tailored to their customer needs.    
Trust
: We comply with applicable obligations under the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (“PCI DSS”) and provide a trusted environment for card issuing and payment processing with security, transparency, and real-time information.
Card Issuing
Our customers can issue debit, prepaid, and credit cards, including instant provision of a tokenized card to a digital wallet.
Debit
: Customers can link card products to a primary bank account for their users to fund and spend from.
Prepaid
: Customers can create single- or multi-use custom card experiences with dynamic spend controls and fund transactions in real time based upon business criteria.
Credit
: Customers can create customized consumer and commercial credit programs with innovative rewards structures, leveraging pre-integrated partners for underwriting, mobile app design, and customer service.
Virtual
: Customers can instantly issue one-time or multi-use branded payment cards that are ready to use immediately and enable faster funds disbursement with easier tracking of funds by unique virtual card numbers.
Physical
: Customers can customize the look and feel, graphics, and messaging of physical cards to reinforce their brand. Physical cards can be magstripe, EMV-chip, and/or tap-to-pay enabled.
Tokenization & Digital Wallets
: Customers can instantly issue branded payment cards that are ready to use immediately in app or in mobile wallets, which provides for continuity if the physical cards are lost or stolen.
Processing
Marqeta enables our customers to deliver innovative card experiences with enhanced control over transaction processing through dynamic spend controls and real-time decisioning via our JIT Funding feature. 
Dynamic Spend Control
: Dynamic spend controls create unique card experiences while reducing customer exposure to risk by limiting where users can transact and configuring exact spend limits. Customers can tailor cards with flexibility in where, when, and how much the card can be used. Customers can also check real-time data and events to dynamically change the card experience as needed.
JIT Funding
: Marqeta’s JIT Funding feature enables customer cards to maintain a zero-amount balance until the card is used and approved. Upon approval, Marqeta automatically moves funds from an identified funding source into the appropriate account.
Digital Banking
Marqeta for Banking provides our customers with access to a suite of bank account and money movement features offered through our Issuing Bank partners, including demand deposit accounts, direct deposit with early pay, ACH, cash loads, and fee-free ATMs, bill pay, and instant funding capabilities. These services enable customers to drive additional engagement and spend by making it easy for their users to fund accounts and manage money.
RiskControl
With Marqeta’s RiskControl product, certain risk and compliance concerns are mitigated while reducing friction across the cardholder lifecycle. 
Real-Time Decisioning
: Customers can mitigate fraud using Marqeta’s Real-Time Decisioning solution, which provides fine-tuned control over card transactions.
6
Table of Contents
Customer Identification Program
: Customers can verify the identity of cardholder applicants. 
3D Secure
: Customers can authenticate cardholders and authorize online transactions.
Disputes Management
: Customers can manage disputes and chargebacks at scale with streamlined disputes management, including risk management services to handle disputes on their behalf.
Dashboard
The Marqeta Dashboard is a comprehensive self-service portal that empowers our customers to access and manage all aspects of their card program, including card configuration, servicing cardholders, tracking data and insights, managing disputes, and accessing RiskControl capabilities.
UI/UX
User experience is an essential part of all Marqeta programs. Marqeta makes it easy for our customers to completely integrate the card experience into any app or website. For our credit customers, they can select a fully bank-approved UI template that's purpose-built for managing a credit card.
In 2024, we introduced the UX Toolkit, which allows customers to create branded front-end experiences using a comprehensive set of pre-built UI components optimized for Marqeta's APIs. It enables customers to build Marqeta-powered debit and credit programs with fewer development resources.
Credit Capabilities
With Marqeta’s credit products, our customers have the tools to design, launch, and scale, and can work directly with us rather than managing several different providers. Customers can customize the user experience and embed the card within their brands. Our ability to offer configurable and flexible solutions enables our customers to build highly differentiated programs with truly personalized rewards and spend controls. 
Innovative Rewards Structures
: Customers can leverage our proprietary rewards engine, keeping users engaged with innovative rewards structures using multiple data points across user spend as well as transactions, repayments, and other data points. Our comprehensive platform enables customers to reward users in real time with multiple redemption options, creating opportunities to drive engagement and usage.
Underwriting Support
: Our underwriting decisioning engine allows Issuing Banks and customers to implement custom fraud and credit decisioning criteria to help manage program fraud and delinquency risk. Our comprehensive platform allows for automated decisioning using a variety of data sources and custom logic.
Portfolio Migration
In 2024, we launched Portfolio Migration, a new service that simplifies upgrading existing card programs onto our platform, reducing complexity and minimizing disruption during the transition. This capability includes two main components: an automated migration tool that transforms and aligns card program data from the previous system to Marqeta's platform, as well as operational processes to ensure a smooth transition. 
Marqeta Flex 
In 2024, we announced Marqeta Flex, a new solution that we believe will transform how buy now, pay later (“BNPL”) payment options can be delivered inside payment apps and wallets, by surfacing them when needed within the payment flow. Marqeta Flex is being developed with a few of our customers, and we expect to release it in 2025. With Marqeta Flex, we plan to expand BNPL distribution even further by giving consumers access to personalized BNPL options inside of their payment apps of choice. 
The intended benefits of Marqeta Flex for consumers, BNPL providers, and issuers include:
Consumers
: With Marqeta Flex, consumers will be guided to the BNPL options that can meet their needs, with access to personalized BNPL options inside of the payment apps they use most often.
BNPL Providers
: Marqeta Flex is expected to expand BNPL distribution, enabling BNPL providers to benefit from greater access to consumers and higher transaction volumes.
7
Table of Contents
Card Issuers
: We believe Marqeta Flex will be a powerful solution for digital wallets and card issuers, allowing them to drive payment volume by incorporating multiple BNPL offerings into the transaction experience that can be customized to user preferences. A single integration with Marqeta Flex is intended to provide them access to a variety of global BNPL providers, and is expected to increase the speed at which they can build and launch card solutions that offer flexible payment methods, including custom and user-friendly BNPL loan options.
Our Programs 
Marqeta’s innovative products are developed with deep domain expertise and a customer-first mindset to launch, scale, and manage card programs. Marqeta provides all of its customers with issuer processor services, and for most of its customers it also acts as a card program manager. Depending on a customer’s desired level of control and responsibility, Marqeta can work with companies in a range of different configurations, but generally provide the following offerings:
Managed By Marqeta
: With Managed By Marqeta (“MxM”), Marqeta typically connects customers to an Issuing Bank to act as the Bank Identification Number (“BIN”) sponsor for the customer’s card program, manages the customer’s card program on behalf of the Issuing Bank, and provides a full range of services including configuring many of the critical resources required by a customer’s production environment. In addition to providing the customer access to the Marqeta dashboard via our APIs, Marqeta also manages a number of the primary tasks related to launching a card program, such as defining and managing the program with the Card Networks and Issuing Bank, operating the program and managing certain profitability components, and managing compliance with applicable regulations, the Issuing Bank, and Card Network rules. Also available are a variety of managed services, including dispute management, fraud scoring, card fulfillment, reconciliation, and cardholder support services.
Powered By Marqeta
: With Powered By Marqeta (“PxM”), Marqeta also provides customers access to the Marqeta dashboard via our APIs, provides payment processing, and assists with certain configuration elements that enable the customer to use the platform independently. Generally, our PxM customers are responsible for other elements of the card program, including defining and managing the program with the Card Networks and Issuing Bank as well as managing compliance with applicable regulations, the Issuing Bank, and Card Network rules.
Given the modularity of the Marqeta platform, certain customers can also opt to incorporate elements of MxM into their card program to create a custom solution. Many customers adopt some combination of the MxM managed services even when not adopting the full MxM offering.
Our Customers 
Marqeta serves customers in multiple industry verticals including financial services, on-demand services, BNPL, expense management, and e-commerce enablement. 
We see embedded finance as a significant contributor to our next wave of growth. There are two critical components to embedded finance: native integration and non-financial services businesses. It starts with a company whose core business is not financial services, and that company offers financial services products in a manner that is natively embedded into their existing customer experience. It is seamless, and, to put it simply, you don't have to go to the bank. The bank comes to you where you already spend.
With embedded finance, enterprises across industries can offer multiple financial services to their customers to improve the user experience, enhance loyalty, and add another monetization engine to their existing business. Marqeta’s platform operates across a number of use cases for customers, including consumer credit cards, point-of-sale lending, accelerated/earned wage access, expense management, on-demand delivery, and spend management. Customers can also combine solutions across different use cases.
8
Table of Contents
Agreements with Large Customers 
Block 
On April 19, 2016, we entered into a master services agreement with Block, Inc., formerly known as Square, Inc., as subsequently amended (the “Block Agreement”), which includes the commercial terms of our relationship with Block. Pursuant to the terms of the Block Agreement, we have agreed to manage Block’s Cash App, Square Debit Card, and Square Card Canada card issuing programs for Block. On January 31, 2022, Block completed its acquisition of our customer, Afterpay Limited. We have a separate agreement with Afterpay that provides for the commercial terms of our relationship; however, we now aggregate Afterpay as part of our Block business for purposes of financial reporting in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and other filings we make with the SEC.
We executed contract amendments on August 4, 2023 (the “August 2023 Block Amendment”) and November 3, 2023 (the “November 2023 Block Amendment,” and, together with the August 2023 Block Amendment, the “2023 Block Amendments”) to the Block Agreement. Pursuant to the terms of the 2023 Block Amendments, the term of the Cash App and the Square Debit Card programs will expire on June 30, 2028 and automatically renew thereafter for successive one-year periods, unless terminated earlier by either party.
The August 2023 Block Amendment provides that we will continue to provide various services to Block, though Block will be responsible for defining and managing the Cash App program with respect to the primary Card Network going forward, including being responsible for managing the financial relationship between the Cash App program and the primary Card Network, choosing the card brand, determining the product type, and meeting program parameters. The August 2023 Block Amendment also includes a continuation of services for the Cash App program for a period of time in the event of a change of control of Marqeta. The November 2023 Block Amendment provides that we will be the default provider of issuing processing and related services in current or future markets outside of the U.S. where Block intends to operate and Marqeta is able to provide issuing processing services, subject to certain exceptions. 
Either we or Block may terminate the Block Agreement under certain specified circumstances, including upon a material breach. The Block Agreement also provides for certain other terms, including representations and warranties of the parties, intellectual property rights, data ownership and security, limitations on liability, confidentiality and indemnification rights, and other covenants.
In addition, on March 13, 2021, and as specified in the Block Agreement, we granted Block a warrant to purchase up to 1,100,000 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of $0.01 per share, which is exercisable upon attaining certain milestones relating to Block’s creation of a specified percentage of new cardholders on our platform each year over a three-year period. Block has achieved their warrant milestones and 1,100,000 shares have vested but remain unexercised as of December 31, 2024. 
Our Relationships with Issuing Banks and Card Networks
Marqeta works with Card Networks and Issuing Banks to enable card issuance, authorize transactions, and facilitate settlement for our customers’ card programs. Our contractual relationships with Issuing Banks and Card Networks underpin Marqeta’s ability to design and manage customized card programs for our customers.
Relationship and Agreements with Issuing Banks 
When our customers engage us to do so, we connect them with an Issuing Bank to act as the BIN sponsor for the customer’s card program and we are responsible for managing compliance with the Issuing Bank’s requirements and Card Network rules. Issuing Banks provide services for these customers that can include, among other things, card issuance, Card Network sponsorship, establishing a line of credit, and creating deposit accounts used to settle transactions. Our contracts with Issuing Banks entitle Marqeta to all of the Interchange Fees generated from our customers’ card programs, which we then share with our customers through Revenue Share payments, and obligate us to pay all Card Network fees as well as certain Issuing Bank fees associated with our customers’ card transactions. See the section titled “Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Components of Results of Operations—Net Revenue” for the definitions of “Interchange Fees” and “Revenue Share.”
9
Table of Contents
While an Issuing Bank must ultimately approve each card program, Marqeta configures the program design, negotiates key program terms, and selects the Issuing Bank for each customer. Marqeta actively works to find the most appropriate Issuing Bank partner for the potential card program based on the customer’s needs and program design. We pay volume-based and transaction-based fees to the Issuing Banks. The fees are typically structured based on volume tiers; as our processing volumes grow, these fees as a percentage of processing volume decline. These fees are reflected in our costs of revenue.
When our customers engage us for PxM services, we do not manage the customer’s relationships with the Issuing Banks or Card Networks and the customer is responsible for managing compliance with, among other things, the Issuing Bank’s requirements and Card Network rules.
Certain customers engage us for a combination of our MxM and PxM services based on their unique needs. The involvement of our Issuing Banks and the Card Networks in these types of programs will depend on each program’s design.
Sutton Bank 
On April 1, 2016, we entered into a prepaid card program manager agreement with Sutton Bank, our largest Issuing Bank partner by processing volume. Under the terms of the agreement, as amended, Sutton Bank, among other things, issues cards and settles payment transactions for Marqeta’s customers’ approved card programs. The agreement provides that we pay Sutton Bank a fee based on a percentage of the value of transactions processed. Under this agreement we are entitled to receive 100% of the Interchange Fees for processing our customers’ card transactions. Our agreement with Sutton Bank requires us to indemnify Sutton Bank for certain losses, subject to specific enumerated exceptions. 
Under certain circumstances, the agreement also requires us to pay termination fees, including fees and costs to Sutton Bank, if we terminate the agreement before the end of its term or any automatic renewal term. The current term of the agreement expires in 2028, after which it automatically renews on the same terms and conditions for a two-year renewal term, unless either party provides written notice of its intent not to renew at least 180 days prior to the expiration of the then-current term. Either we or Sutton Bank may terminate the agreement under certain specified circumstances, including if the other party commits a material breach that is not cured within 30 days.
Agreements with Card Networks
The Card Networks oversee their worldwide payment networks, through which debit, credit, and prepaid card payments are authorized, processed, and settled, and, except as limited by applicable law, set Interchange Fee rates. We currently partner with a number of Card Networks, including Visa, Mastercard, and PULSE, to process our customers’ transactions on our platform.
When engaged by our customers to do so, Marqeta arranges for our customers to use one or more of the available Card Networks. We generally include the standard Card Network fees in the pricing arrangements with these customers, which are reflected in our costs of revenue. 
Given our ability to direct the processing volume to specific Card Networks for these customers, we are able to negotiate certain incentive rebates that effectively reduce the overall Card Network fees. With the scale of the transactions we process on behalf of our customers, we believe we can continue to negotiate favorable incentive rebates. However, if these fees increase, our gross margins will decrease. 
Mastercard 
In 2020, we entered into a strategic relationship agreement with Mastercard. We have also entered into a number of subsequent arrangements with Mastercard, including certain brand agreements. Under these agreements, as amended, we have agreed to cooperate with Mastercard on a number of initiatives, including international expansion, product, marketing, and business development collaboration. The contracts provide Marqeta with tiered incentives based on the processing volume of our customers’ transactions routed through Mastercard and its affiliated networks. The current term of the strategic relationship agreement expires in 2028 or at an earlier date if Marqeta achieves a certain processing volume milestone through the Mastercard network. Either party may terminate the agreements under specified circumstances, including upon a material breach that remains uncured for a specified period of time.
10
Table of Contents
Visa
In 2017, we entered into a strategic alliance framework agreement with Visa. The agreement has been periodically amended. We have also entered into a number of subsequent arrangements with Visa, as governed by the strategic alliance framework agreement, including a card partner agreement, and certain brand agreements. Under these agreements, we have agreed to cooperate with Visa on a number of initiatives, including international expansion, product, marketing, and business development collaboration. The contracts provide Marqeta with tiered incentives based on the processing volume of our customers’ transactions routed through Visa and its affiliated networks. As of February 2023, the parties have entered into an extension of the card partner agreement under the strategic alliance framework agreement for a term of five years. Either party may terminate the agreements under specified circumstances, including upon a material breach that remains uncured for a specified period of time. Visa may also elect to terminate the agreements prior to the natural expiration of the then-current term due to our failure to meet certain performance requirements. 
PULSE Network 
In 2013, we entered into a direct processor agreement with PULSE Network LLC, which has been subsequently amended. The contract provides Marqeta with tiered incentives based on the processing volume of our customers’ transactions routed through PULSE and its affiliated networks. The current term of the contract expires in 2028 and automatically renews annually thereafter, unless either party provides written notice of its intent not to renew. Either party may terminate the agreement under specified circumstances, including upon a material breach that remains uncured for a specified period of time.
Our Competitors 
We compete in a large and evolving market. Our competitors fall into three primary categories: (1) providers with legacy technology platforms, (2) modern API-based providers, and (3) emerging providers. We compete primarily on the basis of our platform’s depth and breadth, offering a more configurable and complete solution for innovators.
We believe that the principal competitive factors in our market include: 
•
pricing;
•
multiple program types (debit, prepaid, credit);
•
multiple solutions (issuer-processing, banking & money movement);
•
multinational reach;
•
complete solutions at scale;
•
flexibility and configurability; 
•
reliability;
•
compliance solutions;
•
program management;
•
brand recognition and reputation; and
•
industry expertise and customer service.
We compare favorably with our competitors on the basis of these factors. We have a deep history of card issuing expertise, enabling us to achieve technical and operating leverage that we believe potential competitors are unable to replicate. However, some of our competitors have greater financial and operating resources. Moreover, as we expand the scope of our platform, we may face additional competition. See the section titled “Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Our Business and Industry—We participate in markets that are competitive and continuously evolving, and if we do not compete successfully with established companies and new market entrants, our business, results of operations, financial condition, and future prospects could be materially and adversely affected” for additional information regarding the competitive environment in which we operate.
11
Table of Contents
Intellectual Property 
We seek to protect our intellectual property by relying on a combination of patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, license agreements, confidentiality procedures, non-disclosure agreements, and employee confidential information and invention assignment agreements, as well as other legal and contractual rights. 
We have a patent program designed to cover various aspects of our business in the United States and internationally. These patents and patent applications are intended to protect our proprietary inventions relevant to our business. We continually review our development efforts to assess the existence of new intellectual property and our ability to patent new intellectual property. 
We also have an ongoing trademark and service mark registration program pursuant to which we register our brand names and product names, taglines, and logos in the United States and internationally to the extent we determine appropriate and cost-effective. We have also registered domain names for websites that we use in our business, such as www.marqeta.com and other similar variations.
From time to time, we also incorporate certain intellectual property licensed from third parties, including under certain open source licenses. Even if any such third-party technology did not continue to be available to us on commercially reasonable terms, we believe that alternative technologies would be available as needed in every case. 
See the section titled “Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Intellectual Property” for a more comprehensive description of risks related to our intellectual property and proprietary rights. 
Research and Development 
Our research and development efforts focus on building enterprise-grade product and service capabilities for our customers and their cardholders. Our design, product, engineering, and customer success teams collaborate to design, build, deploy and monitor our platform. We enable our customers to build solutions on our platform, which connects to our Issuing Banks and Card Networks. Software development is primarily executed by our team of professionals across design, product management, and engineering disciplines. We intend to continue to invest in our research and development capabilities to extend our platform offerings. 
Government Regulation 
We are subject, directly, or indirectly through our relationships with our Issuing Banks, customers, or Card Networks, to a number of laws and regulations. The regulatory environment in which we operate is rapidly evolving, and some of the most significant government regulations in the U.S. that impact our business are discussed below. For more information on the risks relating to our regulatory environment, see the section titled “Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Regulation.”
Consumer Protection
The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (the “Dodd-Frank Act”) created the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (the “CFPB”) which regulates consumer financial products or services. Due to our relationships with Issuing Banks and Card Networks, we may be subject to direct or indirect supervision and examination by the CFPB. CFPB rules, examinations, investigations, and enforcement actions against us or our Issuing Banks, Card Networks, or customers may require us to adjust our activities and may increase our compliance costs.
We are subject to Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act, which prohibits unfair and deceptive acts or practices in or affecting commerce, and Section 1031 of the Dodd-Frank Act, which prohibits unfair, deceptive, or abusive acts or practices in connection with any consumer financial product or service.
Privacy, Data Protection, and Information Security Regulations
We provide services that are subject to various laws and regulations relating to privacy, data protection, and information security, including, among others, the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, the EU General Data Protection Regulation, the United Kingdom General Data Protection Regulation, and the California Consumer Protection Act. We maintain privacy policies and terms of service, which describe our practices concerning the use, transmission, and disclosure of certain information. 
12
Table of Contents
Additionally, our platform hosts, transmits, processes, and stores payment card data and is therefore required to comply with the PCI DSS. As a result, we are subject to PCI DSS audits and must comply with related security requirements. 
Association and Card Network Rules
Our Issuing Banks must comply with the bylaws, regulations, and requirements that are set forth by the Card Networks, including the PCI DSS and other applicable data security program requirements. In providing services through our platform, we are certified and registered with certain Card Networks as a processor for member institutions. As such, we are subject to applicable Card Network rules that could subject us to fines or penalties for certain acts or omissions. The Card Networks routinely update and modify their requirements and we, in turn, must work to comply with such updates to continue processing transactions on their networks.
Further, we are subject to network operating rules promulgated by the National Automated Clearing House Association relating to payment transactions processed on our platform using the Automated Clearing House Network and to various federal and state laws regarding such operations.
Prepaid, Debit, and Credit Card Regulations
The Durbin Amendment to the Dodd-Frank Act directs the Federal Reserve Board to regulate debit card Interchange Fees so that they are “reasonable and proportional” to the cost incurred by the card issuer with respect to the transaction. We generally work with Issuing Banks that are exempt from the Interchange Fee caps in the Durbin Amendment to provide services for prepaid and debit card programs. We continue to monitor proposed changes to the Durbin Amendment as well as state level regulation of Interchange Fees.
The debit and prepaid card programs that we manage for our customers may be subject to various federal and state laws and regulations, including, but not limited to, the Electronic Fund Transfer Act and its implementing Regulation E, which establishes the basic rights, liabilities, and responsibilities of consumers who use electronic fund transfer services and of financial institutions that offer these services. Regulation E includes requirements specific to consumer prepaid accounts, including certain accounts that are capable of being loaded with funds and whose primary function is to conduct transactions with multiple, unaffiliated merchants, at ATMs, or for person-to-person transfers. These regulations include, among other things, disclosure of fees to the consumer prior to the creation of a prepaid account; liability limits and error-resolution requirements; regulation of prepaid accounts with overdraft and credit features; and the submission of prepaid account agreements to the CFPB and the publication of such agreements to the general public.
Similarly, we may directly or indirectly be subject to various federal and state consumer credit protection regimes as a result of our credit platform and relationship with originating Issuing Banks, including, among others:
•
the Equal Credit Opportunity Act and Regulation B promulgated thereunder, which prohibit creditors from discriminating against credit applicants on the basis of race, color, sex, age, religion, national origin, marital status, the fact that all or part of the applicant’s income derives from any public assistance program, or the fact that the applicant has in good faith exercised any right under the Federal Consumer Credit Protection Act or any applicable state law; 
•
the Fair Credit Reporting Act, as amended by the Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act, and Regulation V promulgated thereunder, which promote the accuracy, fairness, and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies; 
•
the Truth-in-Lending Act, as amended by the Credit Card Accountability, Responsibility, and Disclosure Act of 2009, and Regulation Z promulgated thereunder, which require certain disclosures to consumers regarding the terms and conditions of loans, credit cards, and credit transactions; 
•
the Military Lending Act and similar state laws, which provide disclosure requirements, interest rate limitations, substantive conduct obligations, and prohibitions on certain behavior relating to loans made to covered borrowers, which include both servicemembers and their dependents; and 
13
Table of Contents
•
the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act and similar state laws, which allows active duty military members to suspend or postpone certain civil obligations so that the military member can devote his or her full attention to military duties.
Anti-Money Laundering and Sanctions Compliance
Although we are not a “money services business” or otherwise subject to anti-money laundering (“AML”) registration requirements under U.S. federal or state law, we are subject to certain AML laws and regulations in various jurisdictions. In the United States, the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act, known as the Bank Secrecy Act (the “BSA”) and amended by the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001, contains a variety of provisions aimed at fighting terrorism and money laundering. Among other things, the BSA and implementing regulations issued by the U.S. Treasury Department require certain financial institutions to establish AML programs, to not engage in terrorist financing, to report suspicious activity, and to maintain a number of related records.
Due to our relationships with Issuing Banks that are directly regulated for AML purposes, we have implemented an AML program designed to prevent our platform from being used to facilitate money laundering, terrorist financing, and other illicit activity. When providing program management services, we design our AML program to meet the requirements of our Issuing Banks. Our programs are also designed to prevent our platform from being used to facilitate activity in violation of applicable sanctions laws and regulations, including conducting business in specified countries or with designated persons or entities, including those on lists promulgated by the U.S. Department of the Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control and equivalent foreign authorities. Our AML compliance program includes policies, procedures, reporting protocols, and internal controls to guard against money laundering, terrorist financing, and other illicit activity, including the designation of a compliance officer in the United States and in other jurisdictions to oversee our AML compliance program, and it is designed to assist in managing risk associated with money laundering and terrorist financing.
Anti-Bribery Laws
We are subject to anti-corruption and anti-bribery and similar laws, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended (the “FCPA”), the U.S. domestic bribery statute contained in 18 U.S.C. § 201, the U.S. Travel Act, the U.K. Bribery Act 2010, and other anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws in countries where we conduct activities.
The FCPA includes anti-bribery and accounting provisions enforced by the Department of Justice and the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). The statute has a broad reach, covering all U.S. companies and citizens doing business abroad, among others, and defining a foreign official to include not only those holding public office but also local citizens affiliated with foreign government- run or owned organizations. The statute also requires maintenance of appropriate books and records and maintenance of adequate internal controls.
Other
We are subject to examination by our Issuing Banks’ regulators and must comply with certain regulations to which these banks are subject, as applicable. For instance, due to our relationships with certain Issuing Banks and certain customers, we may be subject to indirect supervision and examination by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the “FDIC”), state banking regulators (such as the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation), the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, and the Federal Reserve Bank in connection with our platform and certain of our products and services. We are also subject to audit by certain Issuing Banks. As a program manager for the Issuing Banks we work with, we are subject to the Issuing Banks’ risk management standards for third-party relationships in accordance with supervisory guidance and examination by certain federal banking agencies. Further, certain of our customers are financial institutions or non-bank regulated entities and, as a result, we may be indirectly subject to examination and obligated to assist those customers in complying with certain regulations to which they are subject or with responses to audits of such customers.
International Regulation
14
Table of Contents
The conduct of our business and the use of our products and services outside the United States are subject to various foreign laws and regulations administered by government entities and agencies in the countries and territories where we operate and where our customers and their cardholders use our products and services. For instance, we are subject to processing fee and transaction fee regulation where our cards are used and may in the future be subject to Interchange Fee regulations in other countries where our cards are used.
Privacy and Data Protection 
Privacy and data protection is a shared responsibility amongst all our employees. To support this effort, Marqeta maintains a dedicated Privacy team that is responsible for the development, implementation, and oversight of a global privacy program and strategy. 
In addition to privacy-specific policies, standards, and related governance, Marqeta’s Privacy team has developed a set of internal Privacy Principles to guide our collection and management of personal data in a manner that is intended to be compliant with applicable law. Marqeta employees are also required to undertake privacy training at hire and on a yearly basis. These controls are supplemented by ongoing privacy risk assessments and periodic auditing.  
We also maintain a number of external and internal-facing privacy notices that describe how we collect and manage the personal data entrusted to us, including personal data provided by our customers, website visitors, employees, and applicants. 
Our Employees and Human Capital Resources 
As of December 31, 2024, we had a total of 854 employees and we supplement our workforce with contractors and consultants. To our knowledge, none of our employees is represented by a labor union or covered by a collective bargaining agreement. We have not experienced any work stoppages, and we consider our relations with our employees to be good. Our human capital resources objectives include, as applicable, identifying, recruiting, retaining, incentivizing, and integrating our existing and prospective employees.
Corporate Information 
We were incorporated in 2010 under the name Marqeta, Inc. as a Delaware corporation. We completed our initial public offering (“IPO”) in June 2021 and our Class A common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market (“Nasdaq”), under the symbol “MQ.” Our principal executive offices are located at 180 Grand Avenue, 6th Floor, Oakland, CA 94612, and our telephone number is (510) 671-5437. 
Available Information
Our website is located at www.marqeta.com, and our investor relations website is located at www.investors.marqeta.com. Copies of our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to these reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), are available, free of charge, on our investor relations website as soon as reasonably practicable after we file such material electronically with or furnish it to the SEC. The SEC also maintains a website that contains our SEC filings. The address of the site is www.sec.gov. We use our www.investors.marqeta.com and www.marqeta.com websites, as well as our blog posts, press releases, public conference calls, webcasts, our X feed (@Marqeta), our Instagram page (@lifeatmarqeta), our Facebook page, and our LinkedIn page, as a means of disclosing material nonpublic information and for complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. The contents of our websites are not intended to be incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with the SEC, and any references to our websites are intended to be inactive textual references only.
15
Table of Contents