Item 1. Business
General Information
We are a leading global provider of mission-critical end-to-end sterilization solutions, lab testing and advisory services for the healthcare industry. We are driven by our mission: Safeguarding Global Health
®
. We provide end-to-end sterilization as well as microbiological and analytical lab testing and advisory services to help ensure that medical, pharmaceutical and food products are safe for healthcare practitioners, patients and consumers in the United States and around the world. In 2024, our customers included over 40 of the top 50 medical device companies and nine of the top ten global pharmaceutical companies (based on revenue). Our services are an essential aspect of our customers’ manufacturing processes and supply chains, helping to ensure sterilized medical products reach healthcare practitioners and patients. Most of our services are necessary for our customers to satisfy applicable government requirements. 
We are a trusted partner to approximately 5,000 customers in over 50 countries. We strive to give our customers confidence that their products meet regulatory, safety and effectiveness requirements. With our industry-recognized scientific and technological expertise, we help promote the safety of millions of patients and healthcare practitioners around the world. Across our 62 facilities worldwide, we have over 3,000 employees who are dedicated to safety and quality. 
Sotera Health Company was incorporated in Delaware in November 2017 as the parent company for Sterigenics, Nordion and Nelson Labs. We completed our initial public offering and listed our shares of common stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market (“Nasdaq”) in November 2020 under the ticker symbol “SHC.”
Our Businesses
Sterilization Services
Our sterilization services business is comprised of Sterigenics and Nordion.
Sterigenics
We are a leading global provider of outsourced terminal sterilization and irradiation services and have provided sterilization services for over 90 years. We offer a globally integrated platform for our customers in the medical device, pharmaceutical, food safety, and advanced applications markets, with facilities strategically located to be convenient to our customers’ manufacturing sites and distribution hubs or routes.
Terminal sterilization is the process of sterilizing a product in its final packaging; it is an essential, and often government-mandated, last step in the manufacturing process of healthcare products before they are shipped to end-users. The products that we sterilize include procedure kits and trays, implants, syringes, catheters, wound care products, medical protective barriers, including personal protective equipment (“PPE”), laboratory products and pharmaceuticals.
Sterilization Services
We offer our customers a complete range of terminal sterilization services, primarily using the three major commercial terminal sterilization technologies: gamma irradiation, EO processing and E-beam irradiation. We continue to invest in and develop our capabilities and our current methods of sterilization and we continue to explore new alternative modalities and technologies. Our primary terminal sterilization technologies include:
6
Table of Contents
We provide gamma irradiation services at 23 of our facilities, EO processing services at 17 of our facilities and electron beam (“E-beam”) irradiation services at eight of our facilities.
We also invest in alternative modalities to serve our customers. X-ray irradiation is a process in which products such as medical devices and lab ware are exposed to machine-generated radiation in the form of X-rays for the purpose of sterilization and decontamination. X-rays are similar in performance to gamma rays and are useful for processing certain materials by virtue of the high penetration capabilities of X-ray. We utilize X-ray irradiation at one of our sterilization facilities for bio-hazard reduction for the United States Postal Service (“USPS”). We are also investing in NO2-based sterilization and other technologies, which have been effective in sterilizing of prefilled syringes, drug-device combination products and custom implants.
Sterilization Applications
Sterigenics primarily provides sterilization services for medical device manufacturers and the pharmaceutical industry. Sterigenics also provides decontamination services for the food industry. Additionally, Sterigenics provides various advanced applications for other organizations and companies, including the USPS and semiconductor manufacturers. Our customers select the sterilization method that meets the needs of their products and requirements of regulators and we deliver sterilization services according to their customer-specific protocols. In most cases, customers are serviced from more than one facility.
•
Medical device sterilization
. Medical device sterilization is a regulatory requirement in many jurisdictions and an important and last step in the manufacturing of healthcare products such as medical protective barriers, including PPE, procedure kits and trays, implants, syringes, catheters and wound care products. A broad range of single-use, prepackaged medical products, as well as certain consumer products, are required by government regulations to be sterile, or meet certain acceptable microbial levels when sold. These products are not manufactured in a “sterile” or “clean” environment and are therefore inhabited by potentially harmful microbes. Products must therefore be treated before shipment, either in-house by the manufacturer or by an outsourced sterilization provider such as Sterigenics.
We have developed a consultative approach with medical device manufacturers that expands our service offerings beyond core product sterilization, as we believe they want value-added solutions from their outsourced sterilization partners that reach beyond the traditional scope of sterilization. We offer customers a comprehensive selection of advisory services in design, testing, production and supply chain management for sterile healthcare products before, during and after the sterilization process to ensure and improve a product’s speed to market and compliance with regulatory requirements.
7
Table of Contents
•
Pharmaceuticals
. We provide comprehensive outsourced terminal sterilization solutions to help our customers in the pharmaceutical industry meet regulatory requirements. Our sterilization expertise covers a variety of pharmaceutical drug products, such as active pharmaceutical ingredients, pre-filled syringes, drug components, excipients and primary packaging and components.
In addition, pharmaceutical companies are starting to market disposable delivery devices, such as auto-inject devices for epinephrine, which are combined medical device and pharmaceutical products. As these disposable delivery devices are subject to both medical device regulations and pharmaceutical regulations, we believe these companies are looking to leading outsourced sterilization providers like us for our expertise in sterilizing these complex devices. We believe that the complementary capabilities and expertise in our Nelson Labs business make Sterigenics an attractive sterilization partner to customers in the pharmaceutical industry. We can provide a full suite of services across the Company to help our customers throughout key stages in the lifecycle of these complex products.
•
Food and agricultural products
. We provide microbial reduction and microbial remediation services for food and agricultural products. Generally, in a microbial reduction process, products are exposed to lower levels of treatment than in a sterilization process. This process is not intended to render a product free of viable organisms but rather to reduce their number. In connection with our microbial reduction services, we treat a wide array of products such as spices, herbs, animal feed and food packaging materials to address safety concerns of customers and consumers or to extend shelf life. We currently irradiate a variety of food and food packaging products, ranging from orange juice to steaks, to guard against harmful bacteria, such as listeria, salmonella, E. coli and other pathogens. Microbial reduction and irradiation offer producers and processors a method to safeguard against bacteria from the time of the packaging of their products to the time they reach consumers. We also provide microbial remediation services that stop the progression of damage to products and help make the products safe for distribution.
•
Commercial, advanced and specialty applications
. We provide a wide range of advanced applications services for industrial materials to customers that use ionizing radiation to modify materials or products. The advanced applications sterilization industry is comprised of a large number of distinct segments that can be addressed using our services for radiation processing. Materials that undergo advanced application processes include products such as power semiconductors, polymers and gemstones. In addition, we utilize our ionizing radiation services to provide bio-security services to the USPS by treating and protecting the mail against unwanted pathogens and biohazards. We believe we are the only provider of this service to the USPS. We also treat commercial products, such as cosmetics, with our microbial reduction services. In Canada and Europe, where recreational cannabis, medical cannabis, or both, are legal, we provide commercial gamma and E-beam irradiation services for decontamination of cannabis.
Sterigenics Customers
In 2024, Sterigenics served more than 2,000 customers. We follow extensive validation procedures with our customers to determine the optimal sterilization method for each product and to validate that the chosen method will achieve the sterility requirement for that product. Once a sterilization process has been validated, we adhere to our customers’ process specifications to treat their product.
Although sterilization services are an essential element in our customers’ manufacturing processes, they generally represent a small fraction of the total end-product cost of medical devices. We believe this means that our customers choose our services based on quality, consistency of service and location rather than solely on the cost. These deep, tenured customer relationships are supported by multi-year contracts with cost pass-through provisions, which have resulted in recurring revenue streams.
For many products, our customers are required to include the specific chamber or chambers at which the product was validated to validate a product’s listing in the Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”) (or foreign equivalent) product registration and are typically required to re-register if they switch facilities, which makes switching locations for a particular product a difficult and expensive process for our customers. This dynamic contributes to low customer turnover and long-term relationships.
In addition, Sterigenics has achieved high historical customer retention and renewal rates—Sterigenics has 100% renewal rates of its top ten customers for more than five consecutive years, and an average tenure of over a decade with its top 25 customers over the last five years—and minimal customer concentration. We have also introduced innovative, advanced processing systems for outsourced sterilization that are designed to enhance operating efficiencies, improve turnaround times and provide for greater processing flexibility without sacrificing quality, consistency or reliability. More than 90% of Sterigenics’ revenues for the year ended December 31, 2024 were from customers under multi-year contracts.
8
Table of Contents
Sterigenics Competition
We compete globally with Applied Sterilization Technologies, a segment of STERIS plc, as well as other smaller or regional outsourced sterilization companies. In addition, some manufacturers have invested or are investing in in-house sterilization capabilities. We also face competition from other technologies. Our services generally compete on the basis of the quality of technology and services offered, level of expertise in each of the major sterilization methods, level of expertise in the applicable regulatory requirements, proximity to customers and the cost of services.
Sterigenics Suppliers
Sterigenics primarily purchases its supply of Co-60 sources, the key input into the gamma sterilization process, from Nordion. Our supply of Co-60 sources is at times impacted by the global availability of Co-60. Our supply of EO is sourced from various suppliers around the world. There is more than one supplier of EO in most of the countries in which we operate; however, in the United States, there is a single supplier for EO to our industry. We have not historically experienced any supply disruptions, and our U.S. supplier has redundant production facilities to help ensure reliable EO supply. We also have a license in the United States to distribute EO to self-supply should the need arise and we determine the need to make the necessary investments.
Sterigenics Facilities
With 48 facilities in 13 countries, our global network of sterilization facilities represents a significant competitive advantage. We serve many of our sterilization customers at more than one facility, with approximately 80% of Sterigenics’ net revenues attributable to customers using more than one of our facilities and more than 50% of Sterigenics’ net revenues attributable to customers using five or more of our facilities in 2024. Extensive capital, technical expertise and regulatory knowledge are required to build and maintain our facilities. We estimate that building a new facility may cost over $50 million and the cost may vary depending on sterilization modality, in addition to requiring extensive and complex licensing approval and regulatory compliance processes. We estimate that the cost to replicate the facilities in our network alone could exceed $2.0 billion, in addition to investments required to meet associated technical and regulatory requirements.
Our global facility network, built and expanded over several decades, is strategically located convenient to customers’ manufacturing sites and distribution hubs or routes. For many of our customers, the location of our facilities is important because transportation and logistics costs can be meaningful. We also employ proprietary technology to provide customers with increased visibility into our processes. Sterigenics GPS™ enables customers to monitor the sterilization process in real-time and better manage their supply chain. These features improve the accuracy and visibility of customer order information and quality data, which in turn provide enhanced transparency to regulatory agencies around the world, further enhancing our reputation as a company with regulatory expertise. We are focused on continuing to leverage advanced technology and service offerings to better serve customers, and we believe our capital and resource commitment in this area drives customer loyalty and retention.
By leveraging a global operating system, we drive operational excellence across our network of facilities to achieve high levels of safety, quality, operating efficiency and customer satisfaction to provide a uniform customer experience. Most of our facilities are either International Organization for Standardization (“ISO”) 13485 certified, ISO 9001 certified, or both, as well as licensed and registered in all necessary jurisdictions to comply with government required regulations.
Nordion
Nordion is the leading global provider of Co-60 used in the sterilization and irradiation processes for the medical device, pharmaceutical, food safety, and high-performance materials industries, as well as in the treatment of cancer. Co-60 is a radioactive isotope that emits gamma radiation that sterilizes items by killing contaminating micro-organisms. In addition, Nordion is a leading global provider of gamma irradiation systems, which are the units that house the Co-60 sources within a gamma sterilization facility. We estimate that gamma sterilization, which is a critical component of the global infection control supply chain, accounts for approximately 30% of single-use medical device sterilization worldwide. Nordion’s customers include outsourced contract sterilizers, including Sterigenics, medical device manufacturers that sterilize their products in-house and other specialized medical device manufacturers. Approximately 90% of Nordion’s revenues for the year ended December 31, 2024 were from customers under multi-year contracts.
We provide our customers with high quality, reliable, safe and secure Co-60 source supply at each stage of the source’s life cycle. We support our customers with handling and processing of Co-60, recycling of depleted sources and global logistics enabled by our licensed container fleet. We also provide regulatory and technical service expertise to improve the risk profiles and enhance effectiveness of gamma processing operations. Without this radioactive material, gamma sterilization would not be 
9
Table of Contents
possible on the global scale at which it is used today. We are integral to our customers’ operations due to highly coordinated and complex installation processes.
Nordion has a long history in gamma technologies. Nordion designs, installs and maintains gamma irradiation systems. Nordion developed the first Co-60 based tele-therapy unit for cancer treatment in 1951 and the first panoramic irradiator in 1964. In addition to selling Co-60 sources for sterilization purposes, Nordion also sells high specific activity Co-60 (“HSA Co-60” or “medical Co-60”) used in stereotactic radiosurgery as a radiation source for oncology applications, specifically in Gamma Knife
®
 and other similar applications. Today, Co-60 is a critical part of treatment for brain and other cancers because it is noninvasive, reliable, effective and safe to use.
Co-60 Production Process
Nordion’s primary product is Co-60 sources. Co-60 is a radioactive isotope used in radiation sterilization that decays naturally at a rate of approximately 12% annually. Co-60 is produced by placing cobalt-59 (“Co-59”), the most common form of cobalt, into a nuclear power reactor to be activated.
The Co-60 production process requires high purity Co-59. Co-59 is produced globally, primarily as a byproduct of nickel and copper mining, and used in a variety of industrial applications. The Co-59 used for sterilization accounts for a small portion of overall Co-59 demand. Co-59 is compressed into “targets,” which are pellets and slugs suitable to be activated into Co-60. These targets are then encapsulated and delivered to be installed in nuclear reactors. Depending on the type of reactor and the location of the Co-59 in the reactor, the conversion process can take between 18 months to five years. Once the conversion to Co-60 is complete, the targets are extracted from the nuclear reactor while the reactor is shut down and shipped to Nordion to be processed into Co-60 sources to be sold to customers. See Item 1A, 
“
Risk Factors
”
—Risks Related to the Company—Safety risks associated with the use, storage and disposal of potentially hazardous materials, such as EO and Co-60, may result in accidents or liabilities that materially affect our results of operations.”
Nordion Products
Co-60 is sold to customers by its level of radioactivity as measured in curies. Our customers typically buy low specific activity Co-60 (“LSA Co-60”) for industrial sterilization use and HSA Co-60 for medical use. At our Ottawa facility, we receive and process the targets to form the final Co-60 source product with the desired amount of radioactivity for each customer order. The Co-60 sources undergo stringent and sophisticated quality assurance testing at our Ottawa facility. The final product is then placed in specialized containers, which Nordion uses to transport Co-60 to our customers.
We transport the Co-60 sources via proprietary lead and steel containers that are licensed to meet all applicable international shipping requirements. We believe we have the most extensive expertise in Co-60 logistics. There is a significant regulatory burden in the production, management and transportation of fleets of containers of Co-60 sources. Our transportation routes and carriers are highly controlled, and we provide regular and comprehensive training for employees and carriers who are involved in moving the Co-60 globally.
We also design, install and maintain gamma irradiation systems, which include radiation shielding, a series of conveyors and control systems that are designed to expose products to the correct gamma radiation dosage in a safe and efficient manner. A gamma irradiation system is the infrastructure that houses the Co-60 sources and makes up a part of a sterilization and warehousing facility. We have designed and built over 100 of the estimated 290 large scale irradiation systems active globally. Our installation, physics and engineering teams are comprised of highly trained professionals who provide fast and ongoing technical support from source installation to emergency response.
We also offer our customers a for-fee spent Co-60 source return service for depleted Co-60 sources that have reached the end of their useful life, which is often 20 or more years. We also have a source recycling program that extends the useful life of individual slugs from the decayed product up to an additional 20 years, pairing them with new slugs to make new Co-60 sources.
Nuclear Reactor Operators
Given the timeline required to produce Co-60, forecasting supply and working closely with nuclear power reactor operators to manage the amount and timing of shipments represents an important business capability of Nordion.
10
Table of Contents
The amount of Co-60 supply is ultimately determined by the number of nuclear reactors that are capable of producing Co-60 at a given point in time. Our access to Co-60 tends to vary on a quarterly basis, due primarily to nuclear reactor maintenance schedules, the length of time required to convert Co-59 into Co-60, the limited number of facilities that can generate Co-60 in an economically efficient manner, and the timing of the removal of Co-60 from reactors. While short-term variability in Co-60 supplier delivery timing can sometimes result in variability in our financial performance across fiscal quarters, we work with multiple reactor sites that operate on consistent and predictable discharge and harvest schedules over the long-term.
Nordion currently has access to Co-60 supply at multiple nuclear reactors pursuant to multi-year contracts with three operators that cover 13 reactors at five generating stations, that extend to dates between 2026 and 2064, with our largest supplier under contract until 2064. See Item 1A, 
“
Risk Factors
”
—Risks Related to the Company—We depend on a limited number of counterparties to provide the materials and resources we need to operate our business. Any disruption in the availability of, or increases in the price of, EO, Co-60 or our other direct materials, services and supplies, including as a result of geopolitical instability and sanctions against Russia by the United States, Canada, United Kingdom and European Union, may have a material adverse effect on our operating results.” The substantial majority of our Co-60 material has historically been produced under multi-year contracts with nuclear reactor operators in Canada and Russia. Nordion provides Co-59 targets to its Canadian and Russian reactor suppliers, manufactured to proprietary specifications customized for each supplier. We also acquire a portion of our Co-60 supply from reactors that produce Co-60 in Argentina, China and India.
The vertical integration of Nordion and Sterigenics has allowed us to more confidently make meaningful long-term investments to expand Co-60 supply for the medical products sterilization industry. See Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Trends and Key Factors Affecting Our Results of Operations.” Currently, approximat
ely 9% o
f nuclear reactors worldwide are the type of reactors that have been capable of producing commercial quantities of Co-60. In December 2018, we acquired patents that may allow us to significantly increase our sourcing options for Co-60 and further expand the market for gamma sterilization. Additionally, in February 2020, we announced a collaboration with Westinghouse Electric Company to further develop the technology to produce Co-60 in Pressurized Water Reactors. We believe this collaboration could further diversify our supply with reliable U.S. domestic partners and encourage the implementation of this patented technology at other reactors around the world.
We continue to evaluate opportunities to increase Co-60 production, including through partnerships with CANDU reactor operators in Canada and Romania that would involve investing in their reactor infrastructure to enable long-term production of Co-60.
Nordion Customers
In 2024, Nordion supplied products and services to approximately 40 customers, including medical device manufacturers and gamma sterilization service providers. Co-60’s consumable nature results in annual natural decay at an approximately 12% annual rate, which creates stable, recurring demand as customers must purchase incremental supply in order to satisfy ongoing needs. We are integral to our customers’ operations due to highly coordinated and complex installation and service processes that require expertise in handling and shipping radioactive material as well as our deep knowledge of the relevant regulatory and compliance requirements. Customer relationships are typically governed by multi-year supply agreements.
One of Nordion’s customers is Sterigenics, which competes with several of Nordion’s other gamma sterilization service customers. When we acquired Nordion in 2014, we established information barriers between Nordion and Sterigenics with regard to certain customer information, which remain in place today, and certain of our agreements with Nordion’s customers require that we maintain these barriers. These barriers prohibit us from managing a customer pricing strategy across our Sterigenics and Nordion segments.
We are a leading global supplier of HSA Co-60 used in oncology-related stereotactic radiosurgery devices, including the Gamma Knife
®
, which use directed gamma rays for certain oncology applications. We also supply other medical equipment manufacturers and sub-contractors in the industry who require the concentrated radiation dose capabilities of HSA Co-60.
Nordion Competition
Nordion’s two main competitors in the industrial LSA Co-60 sources supply market are a Russian Co-60 sources producer, which historically has supplied certain regions in Europe and Asia, and a China-based producer, which supplies the domestic Chinese market. In addition, certain regional competitors have the capability to produce Co-60. For example, a producer in Argentina supplies certain regions in Central and South America and an Indian producer supplies India and certain parts of Southeast Asia. These competitors could potentially increase their global competition capabilities in the future. Nordion also 
11
Table of Contents
competes indirectly with other developing modalities of sterilization, such as X-ray technology, that use electricity to generate radiation and therefore do not require Co-60 sources.
Nordion’s main competitors in the HSA Co-60 industry include suppliers in China, Sweden and North America that have the capability to produce medical Co-60. 
Nordion Facilities
Nordion’s operations are supported by a facility in Kanata, Canada dedicated to processing and shipping cobalt, and a European distribution facility in Milton, United Kingdom.
Lab Testing and Advisory Services
Nelson Labs
Lab testing and advisory services are necessary across the medical device and pharmaceutical product lifecycles to evaluate and ensure the safety and effectiveness of healthcare products. We are a global leader in outsourced microbiological and analytical chemistry testing services for the medical device and pharmaceutical industries. In addition to our testing services, our customers often call upon our experts for technical assistance, regulatory consulting and our advisory services. We go to market leveraging our global footprint and an extensive range of services under our Nelson Labs brand.
We have established ourselves as a critical partner for our customers through our delivery of high-quality services, quick testing turnaround times, responsiveness, high-touch support and easy accessibility to our science and service teams. We have an industry-leading brand recognized for the quality and comprehensiveness of our services, both of which can take many years to build. Further, we believe that our testing and advisory services offerings and experience across a broad array of products differentiate us from smaller laboratories, as we are able to provide testing and advisory services across the entire lifecycle of our customers’ multitude of products. Our scale combined with our global network enable us to undertake significant and time-sensitive projects for our customers that might typically require them to interface with multiple labs. This allows us to simplify complex issues for our customers and streamline communication and execution. Moreover, the integration across our services and facilities enables us to assist our customers in minimizing their business continuity risk by reducing capacity shortages, turnaround time delays and throughput issues.
Our microbiology and analytical chemistry services include over 900 tests. We also provide for-fee advisory services that position us as thought leaders in the industry and increase the demand for our testing offerings. These can be categorized into three broad categories that address different stages of customers’ product lifecycle:
•
Product Development and Validation
. Prior to a new medical product or alteration to an existing product being submitted for regulatory approval, Nelson Labs provides a variety of tests to customers during the research and development stage. These include tests that assist the client in:
◦
 Product design
◦
Material selection
◦
Biological safety evaluation
◦
Toxicological risk assessment
◦
Sterilization modality selection and sterilization validation
◦
Cleaning and disinfection validation (for reusable devices)
◦
Package barrier properties
◦
Distribution simulation
◦
Filtration efficiency and physical functionality of PPE (including surgical facemasks, N95 respirators, gowns, drapes and other PPE)
We provide sterilization modality selection and sterilization validation services for a variety of sterilization modalities, including the three major modalities offered by Sterigenics—gamma irradiation, EO processing and E-beam—allowing us to serve our customers in multiple areas.
12
Table of Contents
•
Expert Advisory
. Bringing a medical product or drug to market can be a long and complex process, especially in the context of constantly evolving standards in a changing regulatory environment. Nelson Labs provides expert advisory services to aid customers in navigating the appropriate standards and regulatory environments. These services include:
◦
 Study design
◦
 Development and justification of acceptance criteria
◦
 Onsite facility evaluation and validations
◦
Technical troubleshooting and scientific problem solving
◦
 Regulatory compliance related services, including supporting clients through the regulatory submission process
Our expert advisory services provide additional value and expertise at any stage of the product development life cycle. Nelson Labs offers these services on a standalone basis or as a combined offering with our lab testing services, which creates opportunities for cross-selling with our existing customers for both services. Our expert advisory services are also complemented by our ongoing education offerings conducted through webinars, seminars, tailored onsite education sessions and our website.
•
Routine Sterility and Quality Control Testing
. Once a product has received regulatory approval and is in production, Nelson Labs provides ongoing quality control testing, including production batch verification testing and environmental testing of the client’s production systems and facilities, the requirements for which vary based on applicable standards. Nelson Labs performs bacterial endotoxin testing or quarterly dose audits for devices sterilized using irradiation, and biological indicator testing for devices sterilized with EO. Nelson Labs also provides testing for producers of non-sterile products to ensure they are free of objectionable organisms. Often, Nelson Labs provides this ongoing routine quality control testing (based on production lot sizes) for the products for which it performed initial validation testing. These products are often sterilized by Sterigenics.
The testing process commences when Nelson Labs receives samples and a testing request from the customer. Samples are triaged and assigned to specific lab departments, where laboratory analysts and study directors verify orders and interface with customers directly to clarify, adjust or enhance testing as needed to ensure compliance with regulatory standards. Once the sample has been tested, the order is closed out and results are verified by the study director and a technical reviewer prior to electronic delivery of the final customer report via a secure online customer portal.
We operate in an industry that requires significant regulatory and specialized scientific expertise. At a minimum, providers must maintain the proper certifications and accreditations from key regulatory and accreditation bodies, as well as obtain qualification by each customer as a “qualified supplier,” which is often required at the corporate level and at each of the customer’s operating sites. We employ approximately 600 scientists, technicians and service specialists, creating a substantial 
13
Table of Contents
competitive advantage in terms of expertise. Our experts serve in predominant roles on a number of standards writing organizations, including the United States Pharmacopeia, AAMI, American Society of Testing and Materials and the ISO. We have established credibility and trust with regulators and standards writing organizations which helps us educate customers about the continually changing testing requirements in a complex and evolving regulatory landscape. Our regulatory and scientific expertise in laboratory testing allows us to serve as a thought leader within the industry and provide high-quality service to our customers. We focus on providing highly differentiated services that our customers can rely upon to ensure compliance of and enhance their products. For example, over the course of 15 years, we have developed a proprietary, world-class compound database with over 8,000 known elements which enables our extractables and leachables testing. This database allows us to provide analytical data that differentiates our capabilities from our competitors.
We provide microbiological and analytical chemistry laboratory tests across the medical device and pharmaceutical industries. Specifically, our medical device lab testing services include microbiology, biocompatibility and toxicology assessments, material characterization, sterilization validation, sterility assurance, packaging validation and distribution simulation, reprocessing validations, facility and process validation and performance validation and verification of PPE barriers and material. Our pharmaceutical lab testing services include microbiology, biocompatibility and toxicology assessments, extractables and leachables evaluations of pharmaceutical containers, sterilization validation, sterility assurance, packaging validation and distribution simulation and facility and process validation.
Nelson Labs benefits from many of the same underlying growth drivers as our sterilization business, including the global utilization of medical devices and pharmaceutical products and the importance of compliance with continuously evolving global regulatory requirements. In particular, recent global regulatory changes, such as the enactment of the European Union Medical Device Regulation 2017/745 and the FDA’s modernization of the premarket notification process under Section 510(k) of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, have increased the requirements for the testing and sterilization of medical devices. The COVID-19 pandemic also increased testing demand due to new FDA Emergency Use Authorizations, which define testing criteria necessary for the direct release of masks and respirators to hospitals and clinics without FDA submission. Because we provide product development and validation testing services to clients launching new products or altering existing products, this business benefits from the ongoing technological advances and increasing complexity of medical and pharmaceutical products.
Nelson Labs Customers
In 2024, Nelson Labs served approximately 3,000 customers, including many leading medical device manufacturers and pharmaceutical companies. We have recurring and stable customer relationships and benefit from minimal customer concentration. Our services are an essential component in our customers’ research and development and ongoing quality control processes but represent a small portion of end-product cost, which allows us to maintain long-term customer relationships and provide services that are integral to the supply chains of our global customers. We support customers through solutions-focused relationship managers, dedicated service centers and a team-wide service ethic. Nelson Labs has developed a proprietary customer portal that provides our customers quick and convenient access to important product information and customer service. The portal allows our customers to see their tests, status of the tests, estimated completion date and final reports and includes a live chat system connected to our customer service team.
Nelson Labs Competition
We primarily compete in the global lab testing services market with a range of providers, from national or international players to other smaller regional or niche laboratories. Our products and services compete on the basis of the quality of services offered, breadth of services, level of expertise in each testing method, delivery time, level of expertise in the applicable regulatory requirements, our reputation with customers and regulators and the cost of services.
Nelson Labs Suppliers
We purchase our lab testing supplies from a number of vendors mainly in the United States and occasionally throughout the world. In many cases we have redundant sources of supplies that minimize our risk of concentration. In addition, some crucial supplies are placed on reserve at specific vendors for our exclusive use.
Nelson Labs Facilities
We operate from a five-building campus in Salt Lake City, Utah, with 85 laboratories including metrology, training, media prep labs, five ISO Class V certified clean rooms and customizable lab spaces. We also have facilities in Itasca, Illinois; Leuven, 
14
Table of Contents
Belgium; Pleasant Prairie, Wisconsin; Wiesbaden, Germany, and seven other laboratories embedded in our Sterigenics sterilization facilities in North America, Europe and Asia.
Intellectual Property
Our businesses rely on certain proprietary technologies. Most of the proprietary technologies used in our businesses are unpatented. Some of our technologies, including certain processes, methods, algorithms and proprietary databases, are maintained by the business as trade secrets, which we seek to protect through a combination of physical and technological security measures and contractual measures, such as nondisclosure and confidentiality agreements. We also have limited proprietary technologies that are covered by issued patents or patent applications, in particular related to potential new Co-60 supply opportunities for our Nordion business.
The name recognition of our businesses is a valuable asset. Many of our business names are the subject of trademark registrations or applications in the United States or certain other jurisdictions, or part of registered domain names.
Human Capital Resources
One of our values is People. We value a global team that is talented, experienced, inclusive, respectful, passionate and collaborative. Our human capital strategy is aligned with our business strategy and priorities and focuses on developing and delivering global solutions to attract, develop, engage and retain top talent. On an annual basis, we review our employees to assess performance and leadership potential. We also create succession plans and individual development plans to ensure we have the team needed for the future. As of December 31, 2024, we employed over 3,000 employees worldwide. Certain of our employees, primarily outside of the United States, are represented by labor unions or work councils and are negotiating or working under collective bargaining or similar agreements, some of which are subject to periodic renegotiation. One labor union within the U.S., representing approximately 40 employees, is covered under a collective bargaining agreement.
We are committed to providing a safe work environment for our employees and contractors. We have implemented a health and safety program to manage workplace safety hazards and to protect employees. The program includes periodic reviews of our work practices by external third parties as inputs for continuous improvement. Additionally, as part of our corporate governance practices, we review the outcomes of our safety program at the highest levels of the Company, including our board of directors.
We are committed to creating a positive employee experience for our teams. We work to achieve this through our focus on the inclusion, well-being and development of all of our team members.
Governmental Regulation and Environmental Matters
We are subject to environmental, health and safety laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate, including laws, regulations and permit requirements with respect to our use of Co-60, EO and E-beam. These requirements limit emissions of, and the exposure of workers to, gamma radiation and EO. Nordion’s Kanata facility is licensed as a Class 1B nuclear facility in Canada, regulated by the Canadian Nuclear Safety Commission (“CNSC”), and is audited across various dimensions of this license on an annual basis. Our Nuclear Substance Processing Facility Operating license, CNSC Export license and CNSC Device servicing licenses for our Kanata facility were renewed in October 2015 for a 10-year period, and Nordion is currently engaged in the renewal process for these licenses set to expire in 2025. In addition to the nuclear aspect of our products, many of the products that we process are medical devices directed for human use or products used in the manufacture of medical devices that are directed for human use. Our facilities hold various ISO certifications including ISO 9002, 9001, 13485, 14001, 45001 and 17025. We have device, facility, and specific product registrations with North American (Health Canada and the FDA) and European Drug and Device health regulators. These regulators exert oversight through requirements for a product registration and direct audit of our operations. 
Additionally, our operations in the United States and the majority of our facilities outside the United States (to the extent we are processing or testing a product that will end up in the U.S. market) are regulated by the FDA. We are also regulated by other health regulatory authorities in other countries. Specifically, these operations include some of our sterilization and product testing activities that may constitute “manufacturing” activities and are subject to FDA requirements. These requirements include site, contract drug manufacturer and supplier of active pharmaceutical ingredients registration and listing and manufacturing requirements. Regulations issued by the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (“OSHA”), the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission (“NRC”) and other agencies also require that equipment used at our facilities be designed and operated in a manner that is safe and with proper safety precautions and practices when handling, monitoring and storing EO and Co-60. 
15
Table of Contents
We strive to comply with these regulatory requirements and could be subject to significant civil and criminal fines and penalties for non-compliance. To reduce the risk of noncompliance, we employ engineering and procedural controls and pollution control equipment and undertake internal and external regulatory compliance audits at our facilities. We have a proactive environmental health and safety (“EH&S”) program and a culture of safety and quality across all business units, and we employ a Senior Vice President of Environmental, Health and Safety who reports directly to the Chief Executive Officer and has a team of approximately 50 employees. 
For additional information, please see Item 1A, 
“
Risk Factors
”
—Risks Related to the Company. We are subject to extensive regulatory requirements and routine regulatory audits in our operations. We must receive certain permits, licenses and/or regulatory clearance or approval for our operations. Compliance with these regulations is costly, and failure to comply with all laws and regulations or to receive or maintain permits, licenses, clearances or approvals may impact our revenues, profitability, financial condition or value. We may face liability and reputational risks even if we comply with all laws and regulations.” 
EO Regulatory Overview 
In addition to general environmental laws and regulations, EO facilities and the EO sterilization process are subject to specific regulatory requirements under federal laws in the United States and the laws of the countries in which we operate, including European Union regulations. These additional regulations include specific requirements for permissible employee exposure limits, process safety programs, approved EO containers and their transportation, facility security, quality system programs, emission control systems and emission limits and products allowed to be treated with EO. Some state and local governments have additional environmental laws, stricter regulations or other requirements, including permitting programs that set forth operational parameters for EO sterilization facilities. In the United States, OSHA regulations limit worker exposure to EO. The use of EO for the reduction of bioburden on or sterilization of an approved list of products, including medical devices, pharmaceutical products, spices, and cosmetics is regulated by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (“US EPA”) under the Clean Air Act (“CAA”) and the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide and Rodenticide Act (“FIFRA”). In addition, FDA regulations dictate the acceptable amount of EO residue on different types of EO-processed products. Most other countries in which we operate have similar EH&S and worker exposure regulations. 
Our EO sterilization facilities evacuate EO from the sterilization chambers and aeration rooms. Most countries in which we operate have varying emission control requirements for EO emissions from our facilities. We are investing in additional controls on EO emissions at our facilities to meet or exceed current and expected future regulatory requirements and further reduce facility emissions. In the United States, our supplier maintains FIFRA registrations for EO as a medical device sterilant for users of EO across the United States. On March 14, 2024, the US EPA announced final rules under the National Emission Standards for Hazardous Air Pollutants (“NESHAP”) to govern EO sterilization facilities in the United States. The final regulation requires EO sterilization facilities to implement additional air pollution technologies, practices and procedures designed to further reduce EO emissions. For facilities like ours, the final NESHAP regulation imposes new requirements such as higher efficiencies for EO emission controls, implementation of permanent total enclosure capture technology, and use of continuous emissions monitoring systems (“CEMS”). Our operations are required to comply with the final NESHAP EO sterilizer regulation by April 6, 2026 and to conduct a compliance test and demonstrate compliance within 180 days after that date.
In January 2025, the US EPA announced its final Interim Decision (“ID”) under FIFRA relating to the registration of EO for medical device sterilization. Over the next one to ten years, the FIFRA ID requires users of EO, including EO sterilization facilities like ours in the United States, to reach and maintain reduced employee exposure levels of EO; implement heightened worker protection practices, particularly in those areas of sterilization facilities where workers do not regularly wear respiratory protective equipment; and implement further facility design, increased employee exposure monitoring, additional indoor EO monitoring practices, sterilization cycle concentration limits, and other worker protection and training practices.
Additional regulatory requirements and obligations exist in certain other states, including requirements for the provision of notices regarding the release of or exposure to EO. Some states are considering changes that would impose new requirements for EO commercial sterilization facilities. For example, in December 2023, regulators in California imposed a number of new requirements with which our EO sterilization facilities will need to comply. Bills have been introduced in the U.S. Congress to further regulate EO sterilization activity. 
Each of our EO sterilization facilities utilizes a variety of control technologies (including wet scrubbers, catalytic oxidizers and dry bed scrubbers) to control emissions, and we are investing in additional control features to further reduce emissions. For 2025, we expect capital expenditures of approximately $46 million related to environmental facility enhancements across all facilities within our business, and we anticipate continuing to invest in environmental facility enhancements in the future. We 
16
Table of Contents
consistently meet or exceed regulatory emissions control requirements, although we have periodically experienced isolated instances of emissions exceeding applicable standards or other non-compliance, none of which we believe were material. We expect to be able to satisfy any changes to applicable regulatory requirements as they evolve and are committed to doing so, although there can be no assurance that we will always be able to meet new regulatory requirements.  See related Risk Factor “—We are subject to extensive regulatory requirements and routine regulatory audits in our operations. We must receive certain permits, licenses and/or regulatory clearance or approval for our operations. Compliance with these regulations is costly, and failure to comply with all laws and regulations or to receive or maintain permits, licenses, clearances or approvals may impact our revenues, profitability, financial condition or value. We may face liability and reputational risks even if we comply with all laws and regulations.”
In addition to government regulation, there are standards, guidelines and requirements established by industry organizations and other non-governmental bodies that may impact our operations, such as the ISO’s limit on the permissible levels of residual EO on sterilized medical devices. 
Gamma Irradiation Regulatory Overview 
In the United States, Sterigenics is subject to NRC and state regulations that govern operations involving radioactive materials at gamma irradiation plants. These NRC and state regulations specify the requirements for, among other things, maximum radiation doses, system designs, safety features, alarms, employee and area monitoring, testing and reporting. Each of our U.S. gamma plants has a radioactive materials license from the NRC or the state in which it operates. Nordion also has NRC licenses to distribute radioactive material within the United States, which permit Nordion to install and remove Co-60 sources and provide other services to its customers, as well as a license to export radioactive material from the United States to Canada. The NRC periodically updates and issues new security requirements for our U.S. gamma facilities. 
Our Nordion segment operates through our subsidiary Nordion (Canada) Inc. in Canada and REVISS Services in the United Kingdom. Through Nordion, we are subject to additional Canadian regulations, including Transport Canada regulations for the Transportation of Dangerous Goods, CNSC regulations for the General Nuclear Safety and Controls, Health Canada requirements for drugs and devices and CNSC and Canadian Department of Foreign Affairs and International Trade requirements for import and export. 
Outside North America, the European Union and other national authorities have developed regulations pertinent to the operation of gamma irradiators that are similar to those of the NRC. While some specific requirements are different in the various other nations as compared to the United States, the fundamental concepts are consistent among the countries, since all are signatories to the International Atomic Energy Agency (“IAEA”) conventions and have adopted safety standards from the IAEA and recommendations from the International Commission on Radiological Protection (“ICRP”). 
E-beam and X-ray Irradiation Regulatory Overview 
In the United States, irradiators that use accelerators are regulated by the individual state in which a facility is located. While there is some variability in the content of regulations among states, all are patterned after the general regulations of the NRC. These regulations typically specify the requirements for radiation shielding, system designs, safety features, alarms, employee and area monitoring, testing and reporting. Some E-beam and X-ray facilities require environmental permits too.  
Outside of the United States, accelerator regulations are similar among various nations. These regulations are based on the IAEA standards and ICRP recommendations, much like those for gamma irradiators.
Available Information
Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), are made available free of charge through the Investor Relations page of our internet website at 
https://investors.soterahealth.com
, as soon as reasonably practicable after such documents are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). The SEC maintains an internet website, 
https://www.sec.gov
, that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC.
17
Table of Contents