Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report, including the risk factor captioned “
We and the third parties with whom we work are subject to stringent and changing privacy, data protection, and information security laws, contractual obligations, self-regulatory schemes, government regulation, industry standards and other obligations related to data privacy and security. The actual or perceived failure by us or the third parties with whom we work to comply with such obligations could result in harm to our reputation, regulatory investigations or actions, significant fines and liability, disruption of our clinical trials or other material adverse effects on our business.
”
98
Table of Contents
Governance
The Audit Committee of our Board of Directors oversees our cybersecurity and data privacy risk management activities, and reports to the 
Board
 regarding such oversight as appropriate.

The Audit Committee receives updates from management regarding cybersecurity matters not less than twice per year, and is notified between such updates regarding any significant new cybersecurity threats or incidents.
Our 
Vice President of Information Technology and Facilities and our Head of Cybersecurity
 lead the operational oversight of company-wide cybersecurity strategy, policy, standards and processes, and work across relevant departments to assess and help prepare us and our employees to address cybersecurity risks.

The Vice President of Information Technology and Facilities has over 34 years of experience delivering systems across all functions of life science organizations, including support of infrastructure, security, software as a service (SaaS) systems and data integrations, along with ten years working with cybersecurity. The Vice President of Information Technology and Facilities has also received Chief Information Security Officer (C-CISO) certification. The Head of Cybersecurity has approximately 15 years of cybersecurity expertise and has received Certified Information Security Manager (CISM) and Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) certifications.
In the event of a cybersecurity incident, we maintain a cybersecurity incident response plan designed to govern the actions required for responding to and reporting security incidents involving our information assets, including by escalating certain incidents to members of management, including the Vice President of Information Technology and Facilities and the Head of Cybersecurity.
 Pursuant to the plan and its escalation protocols, and depending on the nature, severity and other circumstances of each potential cybersecurity incident, designated personnel may be responsible for assessing the severity of an incident and associated threat, containing the threat, remediating the threat, including recovery of data and access to systems, analyzing any reporting obligations associated with the incident, and performing post-incident analysis.