Item 3.
Legal Proceedings
38
Item 4.
Mine Safety Disclosures
38
PART II
Item 5.
Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
39
Item 6.
[Reserved]
40
Item 7.
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
40
Item 7A.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
57
Item 8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
59
Item 9.
Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
98
Item 9A.
Controls and Procedures
98
Item 9B.
Other Information
98
Item 9C.
Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections
99
PART III
Item 10.
Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
100
Item 11.
Executive Compensation
100
Item 12.
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
100
Item 13.
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
100
Item 14.
Principal Accountant Fees and Services
100
PART IV
Item 15.
Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules
101
Item 16.
Form 10-K Summary
103

Signatures
104
2
PART I
SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which statements involve substantial risk and uncertainties. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as “may,” “will,” “should,” “could,” “expect,” “plan,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “predict,” “intend,” “potential,” “would,” “continue,” “ongoing” or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. All statements other than statements of historical fact are statements that could be deemed forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, statements regarding future financial and operational performance; statements concerning growth strategies including acquisitions, extension of distribution channels and strategic relationships, product innovation, international expansion, customer growth and expansion, customer service initiatives, expectations regarding our acquisitions, expectations regarding contract size and increased focus on strategic products, expectations for hiring new talent; our ability to accurately forecast revenue and appropriately plan expenses and investments; the demand for and benefits from the use of our current and future solutions; market acceptance of our solutions; the impact of the macroeconomic environment on our business; and changes in the competitive environment in our industry and the markets in which we operate and our liquidity and capital resources. These statements are based upon our historical performance and our current plans, estimates and expectations and are not a representation that such plans, estimates, or expectations will be achieved. Forward-looking statements are based on information available at the time those statements are made and/or management’s good faith beliefs and assumptions as of that time with respect to future events and are subject to risks and uncertainty. If any of these risks or uncertainties materialize or if any assumptions prove incorrect, actual performance or results may differ materially from those expressed in or suggested by the forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned that these forward-looking statements are only predictions and are subject to risks, uncertainty, and assumptions that are difficult to predict, including those identified below, under “