Item 1. Business
Overview
WEBTOON is a global storytelling platform where a vibrant community of creators and users discover, create and share new content. We have pioneered a cultural movement by revolutionizing the storytelling format and democratizing content creation and publication. WEBTOON empowers creators, by enabling them to participate economically in their own creation, and users, by offering an endless library of content. 
Our Platform
Our creators, users and content drive a powerful community flywheel. By creating and publishing new and diverse content, creators on our platform help drive the scale of our user base. In turn, users build relationships with creators through real-time feedback and praise on content; fandoms built around popular characters, storylines or in-story universes; and monetary support through payments for access to content. This attracts new creators to our platform, who expand our community and deepen engagement with fans, which leads to an even stronger feedback loop and encourages more content creation. We further amplify this flywheel through other monetization models, including advertising and IP Adaptations. Finally, our platform is underpinned by our foundational technology and artificial intelligence, enabling content creation and discovery and recommendation. The result is increased user engagement, creator prosperity and, ultimately, WEBTOON success. 
Creators
 power our content engine by authoring immersive visual stories, or titles, developing imaginative new characters and inspiring fandoms. Our creator base ranges from the individual enthusiast with a love of storytelling to the professional author building a brand and an enterprise on our platform. WEBTOON provides creators with an opportunity to monetize their creativity through various means, including Paid Content, advertising and IP Adaptations. Our platform serves both amateur and professional creators, the latter defined as creators who monetize through Paid Content on our platform under formal creator agreements with Paid Content revenue sharing provisions. We consider these two groups of creators separately because their intention is often distinct: amateur creators may come to our platform simply for the love of our unique form of storytelling and to connect with an engaged and like-minded audience, and the vast majority of the 24 million creators on our platform are amateur creators. Professional creators are often building a brand and an enterprise on our platform. We believe there exists a strong potential for our amateur creator base to serve as a source of future professional creators. Particularly in markets where the creator talent base is in earlier stages of development, building a local amateur creator base will be one of the most important drivers of future professional content. A core part of our strategy in those markets is identifying high-potential amateur creators whom we promote and help start monetizing their content on our platform. 
Users
 come to our platform to discover and consume engaging and immersive content. Our creators tell stories that are relatable to global audiences, attracting users across age groups, geographies and genders.
Content
 on our platform tells stories created by our creators through multiple immersive formats. On our platform, creators tell long-form stories through our iconic serialized narratives in the form of short-form, bite-sized episodes. This content format results in a habitual behavior with an engaged user base. These stories are told primarily in two ways—web-comics, a graphical comic-like medium, and web-novels, which are text-based stories. The web-comic medium tells stories using a continuous vertical-scroll format that is easily read on mobile devices. For both formats, the serialized release of content is analogous to chapters of a book. These formats are not only accessible and highly engaging for fans, but also easier for creators to create, share and monetize their stories. We are able to further extend the reach, impact and monetization of our content by adapting it into other media formats such as film, streaming series, games, merchandise and print books. 
Community reinforces the benefits to creators and users on our platform. We help users and creators build relationships and engage with one another over content. As users, or “fans,” often develop a personal connection to the titles on our platform, they relish the direct engagement with creators through both our comments section at the end of each episode and the “Creator Profile” section, where creators can post messages and users can respond directly. Fans also appreciate the ability to potentially influence how stories unfold and how their favorite characters evolve, as creators may choose to incorporate fans’ feedback. This enables a positive feedback loop for content creation and user engagement. This community engagement powers a flywheel of user engagement and creator readership, which in turn drives WEBTOON’s success.
1
Table of Contents
This vibrant ecosystem is amplified by our foundational technology and artificial intelligence capabilities, which enable content creation, along with our content discovery and recommendation engines. Our content creation technology helps creators enhance their storytelling skills, tailor the content to various global audiences and build more engaged, wider fan bases around the world. For users, our technology enables a personalized recommendation model and rule-based curation methodology to encourage new content discovery. These tools are highly scalable across markets and our newer markets are able to benefit from the content and platform infrastructure we have invested in and refined in Korea and Japan.
Our business model is driven by the shared success of all those who participate in our platform. The result is earnings for creators, diversity of content for users to enjoy, high-intent and relevant audiences for advertising partners and a multitude of intellectual property to be adapted by media partners. Greater engagement leads to higher revenue growth and stronger user economics, which in turn provides us the benefit of diversified revenue streams and allows for reinvestment into the creators on our platform. 
Our revenue is derived from three distinct revenue streams: Paid Content, Advertising and IP Adaptations.
Paid Content 
Our Paid Content revenue represents revenue generated from the sale of content on our platform to users. Most of our content consists of long-form stories that are serialized into short-form image- or text-based pieces released on a weekly schedule. We focused on the development of this type of digital content because this mode of storytelling is not only appealing to our users, but it is also well suited to the success of individual creators. Creators can write new stories simply and easily, without expensive equipment or training. Creators are empowered to experiment and innovate because the time and resources required for each individual episode is less intensive than what would have gone into the entire title, and because creators receive real-time feedback from users. The bite-sized format leads to a high velocity of new content being released, driving more frequent user engagement. This format is specifically popular with Gen Z and millennial users because of their preference for bite-sized, flexible content. Finally, this format lends itself to a highly scalable content model that can be monetized both across geographic markets and across media formats via adaptations such as film and streaming series. 
•
Web-comics
 are digitally created, weekly serialized stories expressed through vertical, continuous graphical content. Web-comics are optimized for scrolling and often include unique special effects, such as sounds and animations. Web-comics generate the vast majority of revenue on our platform.
•
Web-novels
 are digitally created, weekly serialized stories expressed through text with many titles releasing new content three to five times a week. As opposed to an eBook—a traditional long-form, text-based, online book (often an online version of a print book)—a web-novel is a long-form story serialized into short-form. Similar to our iconic web-comic format, the serialized nature of web-novels encourages habitual engagement from our users. Web-novels have an even lower barrier to creation than web-comics given that no illustration is required. This leads to a greater velocity of content generation.
Advertising

Advertising revenue represents revenue earned for the display of advertisements on our platform, including in-stream placement within content. Our high-intent, sought-after user base attracts advertisers. We will continue to invest in optimization and measurement capabilities to better align with our advertising partners’ objectives. We believe growth in advertising revenue will come from both existing advertising partners already on our platform, as well as acquisition of new advertising partners as we expand our advertising products. 
Our front-end advertiser product includes multiple ways to reach users in a native and organic way. Our back-end advertiser product is built on NAVER’s or a third party’s advertising platform. We offer five front-end advertiser products:
2
Table of Contents
Display Ads
Display ads are non-intrusive banners viewable at the end of an episode and on the “Home” section, among other sections.
Achievement-Based Ads
Achievement-based advertisements reward users with Coins upon completion of a specific task, such as subscribing to an advertiser partner’s newsletter or visiting a promotional event on an advertiser partner’s website.
Pre-Roll Ads
Pre-roll advertisements are video advertisements that may be viewed in order to unlock Paid Content for free. Users can choose to watch 30 second, non-skippable video ads to unlock certain episodes without paying.
Engagement Products
Engagement products are partnerships to produce interactive writing contests on the platform, inspired by a brand’s messaging.
Creator Content
Creator content includes partnerships with creators to produce branded content promoting a brand or product. This content can take multiple formats including integration into existing stories, epilogue stories, and other formats.
IP Adaptations
Our IP Adaptations revenue comprises of revenue generated from adaptations of certain content on our offerings into other media formats such as films, streaming series, games and merchandise, which may take the form of fixed licensing fees or other arrangements where we participate in the upside of such productions, or sales of merchandise. We enter into agreements with certain content creators who have stories with potential to become franchises across media formats. Using our multitude of proprietary data on which stories have resonated most with users in the past, we are able to identify and scale winning stories on our platform. We subsequently invest and scale such stories via adaptation into other formats, including films, streaming series, animation, video games, print books and merchandise. The majority of these adaptations are produced in partnership with third-party production companies in the form of a licensing agreement or in a limited pre-production capacity where we are paid a production fee for a service such as script development. The majority of production costs in these cases are borne by a third-party production partner. Occasionally, we may choose to rely entirely on our in-house production capability to produce the adaptation, if we determine the potential reward to be substantially in excess of the investment risk and the magnitude of the required investment to be manageable. 
Our Technology Architecture
A number of core principles underpin our technology architecture, which ensure scalability, reliability and flexibility. These principles include the following:         
•
Scalable Cloud-Based Infrastructure: 
We utilize the infrastructure of our parent, NAVER, to process video, audio and images. We use NAVER’s cloud capabilities for computing and storage for most of our offerings, including all of our offerings in Korea. We therefore benefit from NAVER’s years of investment in technology infrastructure, high-speed server capabilities and data transmission technology. Although we do not have a formal written agreement in place with NAVER, we leverage NAVER’s large language model to inform our own innovations in artificial intelligence. We also efficiently integrate or otherwise utilize existing infrastructure in the case of acquisitions, as was the case for Wattpad and eBook Initiative Japan Co., Ltd. (“eBIJ”), which merged with Line Digital Frontier Corporation (“LDF”), with LDF as the surviving entity, effective September 1, 2024(the “LDF-eBIJ Merger”).    
•
Shared Back-End:
 Because our platform consists of multiple mobile app offerings, we have designed certain back-end infrastructure to harmonize user-facing features across these apps. These features sit across all of our offerings, including those that may utilize a different back-end technology infrastructure or cloud provider. If we launch a new offering or other initiative, these back-end features can be efficiently updated across all of our offerings. Examples of our common features include:         
•
Content Store Platform:
 Infrastructure to manage and support in-app business models, including Daily Pass, Fast Pass, tipping and free Coins.         
•
Community Features:
 Creator profile page allowing creators to post announcements and surveys, and to communicate directly with users.     
•
Royalty Settlement System:
 Manages revenue sharing settlements for creators and third-party production studios.     
3
Table of Contents
•
Innovative Viewing Technology:

To ensure a stable and seamless reading experience, we have purpose-built our own viewer technology specifically designed for mobile, vertical web-comic formats. This includes features and functions customized to serial reading. We have also introduced a viewer specifically designed for web-novel platforms, optimized for reading serialized text-based content. Internally, we have an in-house team dedicated to developing and advancing this viewer technology.
Sales and Marketing
User Marketing
We aim to balance organic and paying user marketing channels. The strength of our brands, our leading market position in multiple regions and the viral nature of our stories enable us to benefit from word-of-mouth user adoption. We amplify organic marketing through partnerships with local tech platforms and communities, and through IP Adaptations of our stories, which reach new audiences through global distribution platforms, such as Netflix. We also employ paid marketing strategies, such as brand marketing, performance marketing and in-app giveaways. Our paid marketing strategy is typically title based, focusing on targeted promotions of certain highly popular stories. Our overall marketing strategy is intended to attract new audiences and to encourage user engagement. We monitor payback and return on advertising spend to assess our success at efficiently attracting and maintaining engagement of users
Our user acquisition strategy varies by region:
•
In Korea, we achieved broad user adoption and penetration of the population with strong brand affinity as of the year ended December 31, 2024. As a result, our marketing spend is limited. We occasionally leverage in-app promotions, such as giveaways of free Coins, as a way of encouraging increased engagement by existing users.         
•
In Japan, our paid marketing strategy is focused on increasing brand awareness and targeting new users familiar with similar content genres, such as manga and anime. For paying user acquisition, we utilize a variety of digital channels, such as LINE, Google, Meta and TikTok.
•
In North America, our user acquisition is split between paid and organic. Our organic traffic benefits from partnerships with local creators or other popular technology platforms, such as our partnerships with Discord, Patreon, DC Comics and HYBE Entertainment, as well as through our IP Adaptations. Our paid marketing strategies include brand-marketing campaigns and performance marketing, aimed at increasing user awareness of and engagement with WEBTOON by promoting top content titles that have demonstrated strong readership.     
Once users join our platform, we promote engagement through various in-app strategies, such as push notifications, banner ads and free Coin giveaways.
Creator Marketing
The vast majority of creators join our platform organically, attracted by our community of passionate users and the earnings opportunities on our platform. We cultivate this creator community through a dedicated team focused on creator outreach and support. This team targets both first-time writers and well-known professional creators from other industries. These strategies include highly publicized competitions on our platform and educational resources that we offer creators for free. We also participate in comic or anime conventions, such as Comic Con, where we often sponsor individual creators. We do not currently leverage any paid marketing spend on creator acquisition.
Our Competition
We compete for both users and creators. We compete to attract and retain our users, and for their engagement hours and spend, with multiple technology and content platforms. We also compete with similar technology and content platforms to provide creators with attractive opportunities to reach consumers and earn money.
Broadly, we compete for users and creators with companies in the following categories:
•
social media platforms, such as Instagram, Pinterest, Snap, Facebook, YouTube, TikTok and Twitch;
4
Table of Contents
•
over-the-top platforms, such as Comcast, Disney and ViacomCBS;
•
 gaming companies, such as Activision Blizzard (subsidiary of Microsoft), Electronic Arts, Take-Two, Valve, Unity and Zynga; and         
•
video streaming services, such as Netflix.
In the specific context of web-comics:         
•
in Korea, we mainly compete with Kakao Webtoon (a web-comic platform operated by Kakao Entertainment Corporation) and also compete with other web-comic platforms such as Kidari Studio;         
•
in Japan, we mainly compete with Piccoma (a Japanese web-comic platform also operated by Kakao Entertainment Corporation) and with Jump Toon (a Japanese digitized manga platform run by Shueisha Inc.); and     
•
in the U.S., we compete with Tapas (a web-comic and web-novel platform also owned by Kakao Entertainment Corporation) and Manta (a web-comic and web-novel platform operated by RIDI Corporation).
In the context of web-novels:         
•
in Korea, we compete with KakaoPage (a web-comic and web-novel platform run by Kakao Entertainment Corporation), and RIDI (a web-comic and web-novel platform operated by RIDI Corporation); and     
•
in the U.S., we compete with Radish (also owned by Kakao Entertainment Corporation), GoodNovel and Dreame.
We believe we are able to successfully compete for users based on our large library of engaging content, unique content format, expansive range of genres, social and community features and personalization technology. We believe we are able to successfully compete for creators based on our highly attractive and engaged user base, monetization opportunities, creator enablement technology and community features.
For additional information about the risks to our business related to competition, see the section titled “Risk Factors—Risks Related to Our Business, Industry and Operations— We operate in highly competitive markets, and we face significant competition to attract and empower our creators and users.”
Privacy, Data Protection, Cybersecurity and Regulatory Matters
We are subject to a number of U.S. federal and state and foreign laws and regulations that involve matters central to our business, including privacy, data protection and cybersecurity (including with respect to the personal information of minors). Many of these laws and regulations are still evolving and being tested in courts and could be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent from country to country or state to state and inconsistent with our current policies and practices and in ways that could adversely impact our business. In addition, the application and interpretation of these laws and regulations are often uncertain, particularly in the new and rapidly evolving industry in which we operate. The costs of complying with these laws and regulations are high and are likely to increase in the future, particularly as the degree of regulation increases, our business grows and our geographic scope expands. Further, the impact of these laws and regulations may disproportionately affect our business in comparison to our peers in the technology sector that have greater resources. Any failure on our part to comply with these laws and regulations may subject us to significant liabilities or penalties, or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition or operating results. It is imperative that we secure the creative assets, performance and user data (including personal information) that are critical to our business. We devote considerable resources to our security program and regularly test the security of our services with the intent to ensure that user assets are securely stored, managed and otherwise processed. We take steps designed to make it easy for content developers and creators to securely build and distribute their content in our ecosystem.
We rely on a variety of statutory and common-law frameworks and defenses relevant to the content available on our service, including the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, or DMCA; the Communications Decency Act, or CDA; the fair-use doctrine in the U.S.; and the Electronic Commerce Directive in the EU. However, each of these frameworks and defenses is subject to uncertain or evolving judicial interpretation and regulatory and legislative amendments. In addition, 
5
Table of Contents
pending or recently adopted legislation in the U.S. and EU may impose additional obligations or liability on us associated with content published by users to our platform. If the rules, doctrines or currently available defenses change, if international jurisdictions refuse to apply protections similar to those that are currently available in the U.S. or the EU, or if a court were to disagree with our application of those rules or doctrines to our services, we could be required to expend significant resources to try to comply with the new rules or incur liability, and our business, revenue and financial results could be adversely impacted.
We are also subject to U.S. federal and state and foreign laws and regulations regarding privacy, data protection and cybersecurity, including with respect to the storage, sharing, use, transfer, disclosure, protection and other processing of personal data. For example, the CCPA requires covered companies to, among other things, provide disclosures to California consumers and afford such consumers the ability to opt out of the sale of personal information. We have incurred additional costs and expenses in an effort to comply. Similar legislation has been proposed or adopted in other states. Aspects of the CCPA and these other state laws and regulations, as well as their enforcement, remain unclear, and we may be required to modify our practices in an effort to comply with them. In addition, foreign data protection, privacy, cybersecurity, consumer protection, content regulation and other laws and regulations may be more restrictive and burdensome than U.S. federal and state laws. For example, in the UK and EU, the GDPR and UK GDPR impose stringent operational requirements for entities processing personal information and significant penalties for noncompliance. Under the GDPR, violations may result in fines up to 20 million euros or up to 4% of the annual global revenues of the violating business, whichever is greater. In addition, there is uncertainty regarding adequate methods of data transfer from the EEA and UK to other countries, including the U.S.
Children’s privacy has also been a focus of recent enforcement activity and subjects our business to potential liability that could adversely affect our business, financial condition or operating results. The FTC and state attorneys in the U.S. enforce COPPA, which requires companies to obtain parental consent before collecting personal information from children under the age of 13. In addition, the GDPR prohibits certain processing of the personal information of children under the ages of 13-16 (depending on the country) without parental consent. The CCPA requires companies to obtain the consent of children in California under the age of 16 (or parental consent for children under the age of 13) before selling their personal information. We take reasonable efforts designed to comply with these laws and regulations; however, due to increasing scrutiny from governmental entities generally, we may in the future face claims under COPPA, the GDPR, the CCPA or other laws relating to children’s privacy. There are also a number of legislative proposals pending before the U.S. Congress, various state legislative bodies and foreign governments concerning content regulation and privacy, data protection and cybersecurity that could affect us if enacted in the future.
We take a variety of technical and organizational security measures and other measures designed to protect our data, including personal information and other data pertaining to our creators, users, employees and business partners. Despite the variety of reasonable measures we put in place, we may be unable to anticipate or prevent unauthorized access to, misuse, misappropriation or loss of such personal information and other data.
Noncompliance with any applicable laws and regulations could result in penalties or significant legal liability. Although we take reasonable efforts designed to comply with all applicable laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that we will not be subject to regulatory action, including fines, in the event of an incident. We or our third-party service providers could be adversely affected if legislation or regulations are expanded to require changes in our or our third-party service providers’ business practices or if governing jurisdictions interpret or implement their legislation or regulations in ways that negatively affect our or our third-party service providers’ business, operations or financial condition.
Government authorities outside the U.S. may also seek to restrict access to or block our service, prohibit or block the hosting of certain content available through our service or impose other restrictions that may affect the accessibility or usability of our service in that country for a period of time or even indefinitely. In addition, some countries have enacted laws that allow websites to be blocked for hosting certain types of restricted content or may require websites to remove certain restricted content. Our privacy policy and terms and conditions of use describe our practices concerning the use, transmission, disclosure and other processing of user information, including personal information, and are posted on our website. For additional information, please see the sections titled “Risk Factors—Risks Related to Our Business, Industry and Operations—If the security of our platform is compromised, it could compromise our and our creators’ and users’ personal, sensitive, confidential and proprietary information, disrupt our internal operations and harm public perception of our platform, which could adversely affect our business and reputation,” “Risk Factors—Risks Related to Our Business, Industry and Operations—We anticipate that our ongoing efforts related to privacy, data protection and cybersecurity, and content review will identify instances of misuse of user data or other undesirable activity by third parties on our platform” and “Risk Factors—Risks Related to Government Regulations and Legal Proceedings—We are subject to complex and 
6
Table of Contents
evolving federal, state and international laws, regulations, rules, standards and contractual obligations regarding privacy, data protection and cybersecurity, which could result in investigations, claims, changes to our business practices, increased cost of operations and declines in user growth, retention or engagement, any of which could adversely affect our business.” Many of these laws and regulations are subject to change and uncertain interpretation, and could result in investigations, claims, changes to our business practices, increased cost of operations and declines in user growth, retention, or engagement, any of which could significantly harm our business.
Intellectual Property
Our intellectual property is an important aspect of our business, and our success depends in part on our ability to obtain, enforce, defend and protect our intellectual property rights. We rely on a combination of patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, know-how, license agreements, contractual provisions, non-disclosure agreements, employee non-disclosure and invention assignment agreements and confidentiality procedures to establish and protect our intellectual property rights. In addition to the protection provided by our intellectual property rights, we maintain a policy requiring our employees, consultants and other third parties to enter into confidentiality and proprietary rights agreements to control access to our intellectual property.
As of the end of December 2024, we owned 129 issued patents in the U.S. and foreign countries relating to aspects of our actual or contemplated operations and technologies (of which 19 are U.S. patents). Our issued patents are scheduled to expire between 2028 and 2042. As of the end of December 2024, we also had 120 pending patent applications in the U.S. and abroad. There can be no assurance that each of our patent applications will result in the issuance of a patent. In addition, any resulting issued patents may have claims narrower than those in our patent applications. We seek to protect our proprietary inventions relevant to our business through patent protection; however, we are not dependent on any particular patent or application for the operation of our business.
We have registered the “WEBTOON” wordmark and logo as trademarks in certain classes of goods and services in the U.S. and other key jurisdictions in which we maintain operations. As of the end of December 2024, we were the registered holder of 323 trademarks and have 107 trademark applications in the U.S. and foreign countries. There can be no assurance that each of our trademark applications will result in the issuance of a trademark or that each resulting trademark registration will be able to be maintained. As of December 31, 2024, we were the registered holder of approximately 46 domestic and international domain names. We continually monitor the registration of our domain names, trademarks and service marks in the U.S. and in certain locations outside the U.S.
We also utilize various means, including our proprietary technology Toon Radar, to prevent and monitor unauthorized use of our intellectual property. Toon Radar uses two functions: pre-blocking based on analysis of piracy patterns, and post-blocking based on tracking pirate IDs from watermarked content. The two functions work in synergy, collecting piracy-related data and leveraging it to improve machine learning on piracy patterns.
Despite our diligent efforts, we may not be able to obtain or maintain sufficient protection for or successfully enforce our intellectual property. Any current and future patents, trademarks and other intellectual property or other proprietary rights we own or license, or otherwise have a right to use, may be contested, circumvented or found unenforceable or invalid in certain jurisdictions. We cannot guarantee that our existing and future patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, domain names and other intellectual property rights will provide us with competitive advantages, distinguish our products from those of our competitors or prevent competitors from launching comparable products. We may also be dependent on third-party content, technology and intellectual property in connection with our business. Further, we may not be able to prevent third parties from infringing, diluting, misappropriating or otherwise violating our intellectual property rights, and we may face challenges to the validity or enforceability of our intellectual property rights. We cannot guarantee that our business does not and will not infringe or misappropriate the rights of third parties. Although we are not presently involved in intellectual property lawsuits, we may face allegations from third parties, including our competitors and “non-practicing entities,” that we have infringed, misappropriated or otherwise violated their intellectual property rights. There can be no guarantee that future lawsuits will not have a materially adverse impact on us. Further, certain federal statutes in the U.S. may apply to us with respect to various activities of our users, including the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, or the DMCA, which provides a statutory safe-harbor immunity from monetary damages for online service providers such as us from, among other things, infringing content published to our platform by our users, provided that we comply with certain statutory requirements of the DMCA. To enjoy the benefits of the safe harbor and be immune from monetary damages for infringing content published by our users, we must maintain certain practices, policies and procedures in compliance with the DMCA’s requirements, including registering a designated agent with the U.S. Copyright Office and maintaining that filing on a periodic basis with the U.S. Copyright Office. We must also expeditiously remove 
7
Table of Contents
any infringing content upon acquiring actual knowledge of such infringement or, in the absence of actual knowledge, if we become aware of facts or circumstances from which infringing activity is apparent. We must also adopt and reasonably implement, and inform users of our platform, of a policy that provides for the termination in appropriate circumstances of users who are repeat infringers of the copyrights of third parties. If we fail to comply with the conditions for qualifying for safe-harbor immunity under the DMCA, we may be subject to monetary damages for infringing content on our platform. The damages for copyright infringement can be significant and may include the Company’s profits derived from the infringed work. As we host millions of user-generated works, the Company could be subject to significant damages claims if we are determined not to comply with the DMCA safe harbors. Intellectual property disputes are common in our sector, and as we face increasing competition or grow our business, there is an ongoing risk that we may become involved in legal disputes involving intellectual property claims. In addition to the protection provided by our intellectual property rights, we maintain a policy requiring our employees and consultants and other third parties to enter into confidentiality and proprietary rights agreements to control access to our intellectual property.
For additional information on risks relating to intellectual property, please see the sections titled “Risk Factors—Risks Related to Intellectual Property—Claims by others that we infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate their intellectual property rights through the activities of our creators or users or the content on our platform could subject us to liability,” “Risk Factors—Risks Related to Intellectual Property—Failure to obtain, maintain, protect and enforce our proprietary and intellectual property rights could adversely affect our business,” “Risk Factors—Risks Related to Intellectual Property—Failure to adequately protect, enforce and defend our rights in our proprietary and intellectual property rights could adversely affect our business” and “Risk Factors—Risks Related to Intellectual Property—We use open-source software on our platform, which may pose particular intellectual property risks to, and could adversely affect, our business.”
Human Capital Resources 
Employees
As of December 31, 2024, we employed approximately 1,800 full-time employees across the globe. In order to continue to evolve our platform, we must continue to invest heavily in attracting and retaining key talent, especially those focused on content, product and engineering functions. We monitor our progress with human capital metrics such as turnover rate and ratio of technical talents to overall employees. Our brand, platform, market position, reputation for innovation and cultivation and creator-centric culture support our ability to recruit best-in-class talent. As of December 31, 2024, we had 900 employees in our service and business functions, accounting for approximately 50% of our full-time employees, and 500 employees in our tech functions, accounting for approximately 27% of our full-time employees. 
We operate our Company as a portfolio of small, vision-aligned teams. Each team maintains its own objectives, roadmap and key performance indicators. Organizing this way maximizes accountability, creativity and the number of leadership opportunities. 
Team and Culture
At WEBTOON, our mantra is “We work for fun.” Our team members are passionate about storytelling and are often fans of our unique form of content. We are also committed to the development of our team through leadership, technical and essential skills training. We host an annual internal conference called “WEBTOON We Are” aimed at sharing the diverse work experiences and perspectives of our employees and bringing together teams from various geographies and functions. In 2024, the conference featured 29 speakers with over 2,101 participants, a majority of our employees.
Available Information
We make available on our website (https://ir.webtoon.com) under “Financials” our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file or furnish them to the SEC. The information contained in, or that can be accessed through, our website is not part of, or incorporated by reference in, this Annual Report. The SEC maintains an internet website that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov.
8
Table of Contents
Investors and others should note that we may announce material information to our investors using our investor relations website (https://ir.webtoon.com), SEC filings, press releases, public conference calls and webcasts. We use these channels, as well as social media, to communicate with our investors and the public about our company, our business and other issues. It is possible that the information that we post on social media could be deemed to be material information.
The information contained on such websites and social media posts is not incorporated by reference into this filing. Further, our references to website URLs in this Annual Report are intended to be inactive textual references only.