Item 3. Legal Proceedings
We are involved in a number of claims pending with various courts, or otherwise unresolved as of December 31, 2024. Adverse results in these claims may include awards of damages and may also result in, or even compel a change in our business practices, which could materially impact our future financial results. We cannot determine the potential loss or a range of possible losses for cases in their initial stages or where there is an unclear and inconsistent interpretation of laws related to the industry-specific grievances across various jurisdictions. The outcome of pending lawsuits and claims cannot be anticipated with certainty and the timing and outcome of ongoing legal proceedings are uncertain by nature. Therefore, the resolution of one or more of these legal matters against us during the same reporting period in excess of management’s projections could negatively impact our Consolidated Financial Statements for that reporting period. For additional information about our legal proceedings, see Note 10. 
Commitments and Contingencies
 to our audited consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report.
Securities Litigation
On September 5, 2024, a purported stockholder filed a putative class action lawsuit against the Company, its directors, and the underwriters of the IPO in the federal court for the Central District of California, purportedly on behalf of all purchasers of shares of the Company’s common stock pursuant or traceable to the IPO Prospectus and the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-279863) relating to the IPO (the “Registration Statement”). The complaint alleges that the Registration Statement was materially false and misleading in violation of Sections 11 and 15 of the Securities Act. On October 10, 2024, the court ordered that the defendants are not required to answer or otherwise respond to the complaint, deferring any response until after the court rules on any motion by a purported class member to 
50
Table of Contents
serve as lead plaintiff. On December 12, 2024, the court appointed a lead plaintiff and lead counsel. On February 3, 2025, the lead plaintiff filed an amended complaint, and on March 4, 2025, the Company, its directors, and the underwriters of the IPO moved to dismiss the amended complaint. The Company intends to defend this case vigorously. At this early state of the proceedings, the Company can neither predict the ultimate outcome of the litigation nor estimate any range of possible losses.
On November 15, 2024, a purported stockholder filed a shareholder derivative lawsuit against the Company’s directors, naming the Company as a nominal defendant, in the federal court for the Central District of California. The complaint focuses on the same allegations as the putative securities class action described above, including that the Company’s Registration Statement was materially false or misleading. The complaint includes claims for violations of Section 14 (a) of the Exchange Act, breach of fiduciary duties, and unjust enrichment, abuse of control, gross mismanagement, waste of corporate assets, and contribution under Section 11(f) of the Securities Act, and the Section 31D of the Exchange Act. On January 13, 2025, by stipulation of the parties, the court ordered the shareholder derivative lawsuit stayed pending resolution of the Company’s motion to dismiss in the putative securities class action.
Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures
Not applicable.
51
Table of Contents
Part II
Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
Market Information
Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market (“Nasdaq”) under the symbol “WBTN”. 
As of the close of business on February 28, 2025, there were 11 stockholders of record of our common stock (excluding beneficial owners whose shares are held in the name of Cede & Co.). 
Dividends
We currently do not anticipate paying any cash dividends, and anticipate that all of our earnings in the foreseeable future will be used for working capital, to support our operations and to finance the growth and development of our business. Any future determination relating to dividend policy will be made at the discretion of our Board and will depend on a number of factors, including, restrictions in our future debt instruments, our future earnings, capital requirements, financial condition, prospects and applicable Delaware law, which provides that dividends are only payable out of surplus or current net profits. 
Unregistered Sale of Equity Securities
None.
Total Stockholder Return Graph 
The graph below compares the cumulative total stockholder return on our common stock with the cumulative return on the S&P 500 Index (“S&P 500”) and the NASDAQ Composite Index. The graph assumes $100 was invested at the market close on June 27, 2024, which was the first day our common stock began trading. Data for the S&P 500 and the NASDAQ Composite assume reinvestment of dividends. The graph uses the closing price on June 27, 2024, of $21.30 per share as the initial value of our common stock. The comparisons in the graph below are based upon historical data and are not indicative of, nor intended to forecast, future performance of our common stock.
52
Table of Contents
Use of Proceeds
On June 26, 2024, our Registration Statement was declared effective by the SEC. The Company received net proceeds of approximately $319.7 million from the IPO (including from the partial exercise of the underwriters’ overrallotment option), after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions payable by us. The net proceeds were used for general corporate purposes. 
Repurchases of Equity Securities by Issuer and Affiliated Purchases
None.
Item 6. [ Reserved ]
53
Table of Contents
Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
The following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, statements relating to the Company’s plans, strategies, objectives, expectations, intentions and resources. Such forward-looking statements should be read in conjunction with our disclosures under “Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” and under “