Item 3. Legal Proceedings.

From time to time, we may become involved in legal
proceedings or be subject to claims that arise in the ordinary course of our business, the outcomes of which are subject to uncertainty.
Any claims against us, whether meritorious or not, can be time-consuming, result in costly litigation, require significant management
time, create a negative perception of the company with communities, stakeholders, and government agencies and result in the diversion
of significant operational resources.

A complaint was filed in Delaware Chancery
Court by Ramco Asset Management, LLC (“
Ramco
”), US Trading Company Metals RE, LLC, and Dinsha Dynasty Trust
(collectively, the “
Plaintiffs
”) on July 29, 2022 against USARE OpCo, Morzev Pty Ltd., Mordechai Gutnick ATF the
Morzev Trust, Mordechai Gutnick, and Pini Althaus (collectively, the “
Defendants
”), captioned Ramco Asset
Management, LLC v. USA Rare Earth, LLC, C.A. No. 2022-0665-SG (as amended, the “
Complaint”
). In connection with
this matter and a disagreement regarding the number of units of USARE OpCo that were issued to the Plaintiffs in transactions during
2019, the Complaint alleged causes of action for breach of contract, breach of fiduciary duty, breach of the Corporations Act
(Australia), fraud and misrepresentation, and breach of the duty of good faith and fair dealing. The Complaint seeks a variety of
relief, including compensatory and punitive damages, curative equity, attorneys fees and expenses and other relief as may be granted
by the court. USARE OpCo thereafter filed a motion to dismiss Plaintiffs’ claims. After motion practice and argument, the
court dismissed all claims, except for Ramco’s alleged breach of contract claim and alleged breach of good faith and fair
dealing as asserted against USARE OpCo. The remaining plaintiff has not quantified its alleged damages. Ramco and USARE OpCo are now
engaged in discovery, with trial scheduled for November 2025. USARE OpCo
intends to contest this matter vigorously.

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures.

Not applicable.

37

PART II

Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Shareholder
Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.

Market Information

Our common stock and warrants are listed on Nasdaq
under the symbols “USAR” and “USARW”, respectively.

Holders

As of March 27, 2025, there were 444 holders
of record of our Common Stock, 27 holders of record of our Series A Preferred Stock, and 2 holders
of our New USARE Warrants. The number of holders of record does not include a substantially greater number of “street name”
holders or beneficial holders whose Common Stock and New USARE Warrants are held of record by banks, brokers and other financial
institutions.

Pursuant to our bylaws, the former members of
USARE OpCo (excluding the former holders of the USARE Class A Convertible Preferred Units and the USARE Class A Preferred Investor Warrants,
solely with respect to securities received in exchange for such USARE OpCo securities) (together with their permitted transferees, the
“
USARE Lock-Up Holders
”) are not be permitted, prior to the date that is six months after the Closing Date (the “
Initial
Common Stock Lock-Up Period
”) to (i) sell, offer to sell, contract or agree to sell, hypothecate, pledge, grant any option
to purchase or otherwise dispose of or agree to dispose of, directly or indirectly, any shares of Common Stock that were or will be issued
or were or will be issuable to such USARE Lock-Up Holders in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination
Agreement (the “
USARE Lock-Up Shares
”) (ii) enter into any swap or other transfer arrangement in respect
of the USARE Lock-Up Shares or (iii) take any other similar actions (the actions specified in the foregoing clauses (i) through
(iii), collectively, “
Transfer
”), without the prior written consent of our board of directors. Our bylaws further provide
that such USARE Lock-up Holders will not be permitted to, prior to the date that is one year after the Closing Date (the “
Second
Common Stock Lock-Up Period
”), Transfer more than 50% of the USARE Lock-Up Shares, without the prior written consent of our
board of directors. Our bylaws provide for certain permitted transfers, including but not limited to, transfers to certain affiliates
or family members, transfers of shares acquired on the open market after the consummation of the Business Combination, subject to certain
conditions, or the exercise of certain stock options and warrants.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, in connection with the Closing of the
Business Combination, our board of directors released specified USARE Lock-Up Holders, generally the USARE Lock-Up Holders who were expected
to own less than 0.2% of the Common Stock issued to all USARE Lock-Up Holders in the Business Combination, from the lock-up described above.

Dividends

We have not paid any cash dividends on our securities
to date. We do not intend to pay cash dividends for the foreseeable future. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent
upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition. The payment of any cash dividends will be
within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. If we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may be limited
by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith.

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity
Compensation Plans

As of December 31, 2024, we did not have any securities
authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans. On March 13, 2025, in connection with Closing of the Business Combination, our
shareholders approved the USA Rare Earth, Inc. 2024 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the “
USARE Incentive Plan
”). We have reserved
a total of 13,000,000 shares of our common stock for issuance pursuant to the USARE Incentive Plan, and the maximum number of shares that
may be issued pursuant to the exercise of incentive stock options granted under the USARE Incentive Plan is 13,000,000, in each case,
subject to certain adjustments set forth therein.

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use
of Proceeds from Registered Offerings

At the closing of the Business Combination, we
issued:

i.
an aggregate of 784,315 shares of Series A Preferred Stock and Series A Preferred Investor Warrants exercisable for an aggregate of
784,315 shares of Common Stock, subject to adjustment, at an initial exercise price of $12.00 per share, subject to adjustment, pursuant
to the PIPE SPAs, for an aggregate consideration of $8,000,000;

ii.
an aggregate of 131,048 shares of Series A Preferred Stock pursuant to the Blitzer Series A SPA (as defined below) in exchange for
Michael Blitzer’s forgiveness of the remaining 50% of the Convertible Promissory Note (as defined below); and

iii.
an aggregate of 877,500 shares of Common Stock pursuant to USARE OpCo’s arrangements with Cohen & Company Capital Markets,
A Division of J.V.B. Financial Group, LLC (“
CCM
”).

These securities were issued pursuant to the exemption
from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Each acquiror is an accredited investor for
purposes of Rule 501 of Regulation D.

38

Item 6. Reserved.

Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations.

Unless otherwise noted or the context otherwise
requires, 
references to the “Company,” “Inflection Point,” “Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II,”
“our,” “us” or “we” refer to Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II. The following discussion and analysis
of the Company’s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements
and the notes related thereto which are included in “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Annual Report.
The term “USARE OpCo” refers to USA Rare Earth, LLC, and the term “New USARE” refers to USA Rare Earth, Inc. after
the consummation of the Business Combination
.

The financial information included in this Item
7 is that of Inflection Point prior to the Business Combination because the Business Combination was consummated subsequent to the period
covered by the audited financial statements included in this Annual Report.

Overview

Until March 13, 2025, we were a special purpose
acquisition company incorporated in the Cayman Islands on March 6, 2023, formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange,
asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses. Our intent was to
effectuate a business combination, including the  Business Combination, using cash derived from the proceeds of the IPO and the
sale of the private placement warrants, our shares, debt or a combination of cash, our shares and debt.

We incurred significant costs in the pursuit of
our acquisition plans.

Results of Operations

We have neither engaged in any operations nor
generated any revenues through December 31, 2024. Our only activities from March 6, 2023 (inception) through December 31, 2024 were organizational
activities, those necessary to prepare for our IPO, described below, and subsequent to the IPO, identifying a target company for a business
combination and activities in connection with the Business Combination. We did not generate any operating revenues from March 6, 2023
(inception) through December 31, 2024. We generated non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents and
dividend income on marketable securities held in the trust account established in connection with Inflection Point’s IPO (the “
Trust
Account
”). We incur expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing
compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses.

For the year ended December 31, 2024, we had net
income of $7,899,035, which consists of dividend income earned on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of $12,019,932, change
in fair value of Forward Purchase Agreement of $435,568 and interest income from bank of $5,755, partially offset by formation and operating
costs of $4,077,377 and loss on issuance of Forward Purchase Agreements of $484,843.

For the period from March 6, 2023 (inception)
through December 31, 2023, we had net income of $6,748,069, which consists of dividend income earned on marketable securities held in
the Trust Account of $7,721,518 and interest income from bank of $11,763, partially offset by formation and operating costs of $985,212.

Business Combination with USARE

On
August 21, 2024 (the “
Signing Date
”), Inflection Point entered into that certain Business Combination Agreement by
and among Inflection Point, USARE OpCo and Merger Sub (as amended on November 12, 2024 and January 30, 2025), pursuant to which, among
other things and subject to the terms and conditions contained therein, Merger Sub merged with and into USARE OpCo 
w
ith
USARE continuing as the surviving company and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Inflection Point. In connection with the Closing of
the Business Combination, Inflection Point changed its name to “USA Rare Earth, Inc.”.

39

The Domestication

Inflection Point, after obtaining the required
shareholder approvals, completed the Domestication, changing its jurisdiction of incorporation by deregistering as a Cayman Islands exempted
company and continuing and domesticating as a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware. Prior to, but on the same
day as, the Domestication, Inflection Point provided its public shareholders the opportunity to redeem their public shares on the terms
and conditions set forth in the Business Combination Agreement and Inflection Point’s governing documents (the “
Redemption
”).
The Company redeemed 128,140 public shares in the Redemption.

By virtue of the Domestication and subject to
the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions of the Business Combination Agreement, including approval of Inflection Point’s shareholders:
(i) immediately prior to the Domestication, pursuant to the Sponsor Support Agreement (as defined below) each of the then issued and outstanding
Class B ordinary shares of Inflection Point converted automatically, on a one-for-one basis, into one (1) Class A ordinary share, par
value of $0.0001 per share, of Inflection Point (the “
Sponsor Share Conversion
”); and (ii) in connection with the Domestication,
(x) each then issued and outstanding Class A ordinary share (that was not redeemed pursuant to the Redemption) converted automatically,
on a one-for-one basis, into one (1) share of Common Stock; (y) each of the then issued and outstanding warrants representing the right
to purchase one Class A ordinary share converted automatically into a New USARE Warrant to acquire one (1) share of Common Stock; and
(z) each of the then issued and outstanding units of Inflection Point was cancelled and each holder thereof became entitled to one share
of Common Stock and one-half (1/2) of one New USARE Warrant.

The Merger and Consideration

Subject to, and in accordance with the terms and
conditions of the Business Combination Agreement, immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger (the “
Effective Time
”),
(i) each warrant to purchase Class C convertible preferred units of USARE OpCo (the “
USARE Class C Convertible Preferred Units
”)
or Class C-1 convertible preferred units of USARE OpCo (the “
USARE Class C-1 Convertible Preferred Units
”) was automatically
exercised on a cashless basis in full in accordance with its terms and (ii) immediately thereafter, each then-issued and outstanding USARE
Class C Convertible Preferred Unit and each then-issued and outstanding USARE Class C-1 Convertible Preferred Unit (including each USARE
Class C Convertible Preferred Unit and USARE Class C-1 Convertible Preferred Unit issued upon the automatic exercise described in the
preceding clause (i)) was automatically converted into such number of Class B units of USARE OpCo (the “
USARE Class B Units
”)
into which such USARE Class C Convertible Preferred Unit or USARE Class C-1 Convertible Preferred Unit, as applicable, was convertible
in connection with the Merger pursuant to USARE OpCo’s Sixth Amended and Restated Operating Agreement, as amended (the “
Pre-Closing
USARE OpCo OA
”).

Subject to, and in accordance with the terms and
conditions of the Business Combination Agreement, at the Effective Time:

(i)

 each unit of USARE OpCo that was owned by Inflection Point, Merger Sub or USARE OpCo (in treasury or otherwise) immediately prior to the Effective Time (each an “
Excluded Unit
”) was cancelled and ceased to exist and no consideration was delivered in exchange therefore;

(ii)

 each incentive unit
    (the “
USARE Incentive Units
”) that was issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than
    Excluded Units), by virtue of the occurrence of the Merger, (x) to the extent the holder of such USARE Incentive Unit was
    continuously employed by or providing services to USARE OpCo from the Signing Date through the Effective Time, was automatically
    deemed to be fully vested, (y) regardless of such employment or service status, was automatically deemed exchanged or converted (on
    a cashless basis) into a fraction of one Class A unit of USARE OpCo (the “
USARE Class A Units
”) in accordance
    with the terms of such USARE Incentive Unit, the Pre-Closing USARE OpCo OA and the Second Amended and Restated USA Rare Earth, LLC
    Incentive Plan and each USARE Class A Unit issued or issuable upon such deemed exchange or conversion was treated as being issued
    and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time;

40

(iii)

 each warrant to purchase units of USARE OpCo (excluding the USARE Class A Preferred Investor Warrants (as defined below)) (the “
USARE Warrants
”) that was outstanding and unexercised immediately prior to the Effective Time was, by virtue of the occurrence of the Merger, automatically exercised or deemed exercised on a cashless basis in full in accordance with its terms immediately prior to the Effective Time, and each USARE Class A Unit or USARE Class B Unit issued or issuable upon such exercise was treated as being issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time;

(iv)

 each USARE Class A Unit that was issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (including all USARE Class A Units outstanding or deemed outstanding (a) upon the deemed exchange or conversion of the USARE Incentive Units and (b) upon the deemed exercise of the USARE Warrants, but excluding the Excluded Units) was cancelled and converted into the right to receive a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Exchange Ratio (as defined below) (the “
Per Unit Base Consideration
”) and the right to receive, subject to the vesting conditions described below, a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Earn-out Exchange Ratio (as defined below) (the “
Per Unit Earn-out Consideration
”);

(v)

 each USARE Class B Unit that was issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (including all USARE Class B Units outstanding or deemed outstanding upon the deemed exercise of the USARE Warrants, but excluding the Excluded Units) was cancelled and converted into the right to receive the Per Unit Base Consideration and the Per Unit Earn-out Consideration;

(vi)

 each Class A-1 convertible preferred unit of USARE OpCo (the “
USARE Class A-1 Convertible Preferred Units
”) and each Class A-2 convertible preferred unit of USARE OpCo (the “
USARE Class A-2 Convertible Preferred Units
,” and together with the USARE Class A-1 Convertible Preferred Units, the “
USARE Class A Convertible Preferred Units
”) that was issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than Excluded Units) was cancelled and converted into the right to receive one share of Series A Preferred Stock (as defined below); and

(vii)

 each warrant to purchase USARE Class A Units at an initial exercise price of $12.00 per USARE Class A Unit, subject to adjustment, and initially issued to a holder of USARE Class A Convertible Preferred Units (each such warrant, a “
USARE Class A Preferred Investor Warrant
”) was cancelled and converted into the right to receive a Series A Preferred Investor Warrant (as defined below) exercisable for a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the aggregate number of USARE Class A Units that would be issued upon full exercise of such USARE Class A Preferred Investor Warrant

Pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement,
the aggregate consideration paid in, or in connection with, the Merger in respect of the outstanding equity securities of USARE OpCo (excluding
the USARE Class A Convertible Preferred Units and the USARE Class A Preferred Investor Warrants) was 72,747,711 shares of Common Stock
(the “
Aggregate Base Consideration
”). The Aggregate Base Consideration was calculated as (i) the number of shares of
Common Stock equal to the quotient of (a) $800,000,000 divided by (b) the redemption price of $10.99687276. The “
Exchange Ratio
”
was equal to 0.2043578. The Exchange Ratio was calculated as the Aggregate Base Consideration divided by the sum (without duplication)
of the aggregate number of (i) USARE Class A Units that were issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, (ii) USARE
Class B Units that were issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (including all USARE Class B Units issued upon conversion
of all outstanding USARE Class C Convertible Preferred Units and USARE Class C-1 Convertible Preferred Units), (iii) all USARE Class A
Units and USARE Class B Units issuable upon full exercise of all issued and outstanding USARE Warrants (calculated using the treasury
method of accounting on a cashless exercise basis), and (iv) all USARE Class A Units and USARE Class B Units issuable upon full exercise,
exchange or conversion of all issued and outstanding USARE Incentive Units (calculated using the treasury method of accounting on a cashless
exercise basis) (such sum, the “
USARE Fully Diluted Capital
”). At the Effective Time, the USARE Fully Diluted Capital
was 355,983,292 units, consisting of (i) 207,585,648 Class A common units, (ii) 20,778,672 Class B common units, (iii) 22,274,921 common
units deemed issued upon full exercise, exchange or conversion of all issued and outstanding USARE Incentive Units (calculated using the
treasury method of accounting on a cashless exercise basis), (iv) 96,049,828 Class B common units deemed issued upon conversion of all
outstanding USARE Class C Convertible Preferred Units and USARE Class C-1 Convertible Preferred Units, (v) 7,440,828 Class B common units
deemed issued upon full exercise of all issued and outstanding Class B common warrants (calculated using the treasury method of accounting
on a cashless exercise basis), and (vi) 1,853,395 Class B common units deemed issued upon full exercise of all issued and outstanding
Class C common warrants and Class C-1 common warrants (calculated using the treasury method of accounting on a cashless exercise basis).

41

The “
Earn-out Exchange
Ratio
” was 0.028091206. The Earn-out Exchange Ratio was calculated as 10,000,000 shares of Common Stock (the
“
Aggregate Earn-out Consideration
”) divided by the USARE Fully Diluted Capital. 50% of the Aggregate Earn-out
Consideration will vest and be issued if, during the five year period beginning on the first anniversary of the Closing Date, the
closing sale price of one share of Common Stock as reported on the national securities exchange on which such shares are then listed
is greater than or equal to $15.00 for a period of at least twenty out of thirty consecutive days on which shares of Common Stock
are actually traded on the principal securities exchange or securities market on which shares of Common Stock are then traded (each
a “Trading Day”). The remaining 50% of the Aggregate Earn-out Consideration shall vest and be issued if, during the
period beginning on the first anniversary of the Closing Date and ending on the sixth anniversary of the Closing Date, the closing
sale price of one share of Common Stock as reported on the national securities exchange on which such shares are then listed is
greater than or equal to $20.00 for a period of at least twenty out of thirty consecutive Trading Days. The Aggregate Earn-out
Consideration may also vest upon a transaction or series of transactions the result of which is (a) the acquisition by any person or
“group” (as defined in the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “
Exchange Act
”)) of persons of
direct or indirect beneficial ownership of securities representing 50% or more of the combined voting power of the then outstanding
securities of New USARE, (b) a merger, consolidation, reorganization or other business combination, however effected, resulting in
any person or “group” (as defined in the Exchange Act) acquiring at least 50% of the combined voting power of the then
outstanding securities of New USARE or the surviving person outstanding immediately after such combination; or (c) a sale of all or
substantially all of the assets of New USARE (“
Change of Control
”), pursuant to which New USARE or its
shareholders have the right to receive consideration if the implied value per share of Common Stock is equal to or above such price
targets, with the amount of such consideration dependent upon the implied per share value reaching the thresholds discussed above.
Should the implied value per share of Common Stock pursuant to a Change of Control be less than $15.00, then the vesting conditions
discussed above shall no longer apply and no further shares of Common Stock will be issued as Aggregate Earn-out Consideration.

In connection with the Closing:

i.

USARE OpCo and New USARE entered into the A&R Operating Agreement, to, among other things, admit New USARE as the manager of USARE OpCo; and

ii.

Inflection Point filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware a Certificate of Designations of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of 12% Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock Series A Preferred Stock (the “
Series A Preferred Stock Certificate of Designation
”) which sets forth the rights, preferences and privileges of the Series A Preferred Stock (as defined below).

Series A Preferred Stock Investment

In connection with the transactions contemplated
by the Business Combination Agreement, on the Signing Date, Inflection Point, USARE OpCo and Inflection Point Fund I, LP (“
Inflection
Point Fund
”), an accredited investor that is an affiliate of Inflection Point and Inflection Point Holdings II LLC (the “
Sponsor
”)
entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the “
Series A SPA
”). Pursuant to the Series A SPA, Inflection Point Fund
agreed, among other things, to purchase, at Closing, shares of New USARE’s 12% Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock,
par value $0.0001 per share, having the rights, preferences and privileges set forth in the Series A Preferred Stock Certificate of Designation
(such stock the “
Series A Preferred Stock
”) and a warrant to purchase a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the
amount of shares into which such shares of Common Stock underlying the Series A Preferred Stock are initially convertible (a “
Series
A Preferred Investor Warrant
”), for an aggregate purchase price of $9,117,648 (the “
Series A Preferred Stock Investment
”).
Each share of Series A Preferred Stock has a stated value of $12.00 (the “
Stated Value
”). Subsequently, on February
3, 2025, Inflection Point Fund pre-funded the Series A Preferred Stock Investment by purchasing an aggregate of 833,333 additional USARE
Class A-2 Convertible Preferred Units and a USARE Class A Preferred Investor Warrant exercisable for an aggregate of 833,333 USARE Class
A Units for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $8.5 million as part of an additional investment into USARE Class A-2 Convertible
Preferred Units. Pursuant to a termination agreement, dated as of January 31, 2025, by and among Inflection Point, USARE and Inflection
Point Fund (the “
Series A SPA Termination Agreement
”), upon the pre-funding of the Series A Preferred Stock Investment,
the Series A SPA was terminated.

In addition, pursuant to a Securities
Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 21, 2024, as amended on January 22, 2025, by and among Inflection Point, Michael Blitzer (the
Company’s Chairman and then-Chief Executive Officer) and USARE OpCo, Inflection Point agreed to issue at Closing, a number of
shares of Series A Preferred Stock equal to the number of Blitzer Conversion Preferred Shares (as defined in the Proxy
Statement/Prospectus) of Series A Preferred Stock to Mr. Blitzer exchange for his forgiveness of 50% of the then-outstanding balance
of the convertible promissory note issued to him by the Company on August 13, 2024 (the “
Convertible Promissory
Note
”). This Securities Purchase was Agreement was in substantially the form of the Series A SPA, subject to appropriate
changes to reflect that (i) the consideration to be paid by Mr. Blitzer was his forgiveness of 50% of the then-outstanding balance
of the Convertible Promissory Note and (ii) Mr. Blitzer did not receive a Series A Preferred Investor Warrant for such
forgiveness.

42

On March 11, 2025, Inflection Point and USARE
OpCo entered into additional securities purchase agreements with Inflection Point Fund and another accredited investor,
Alto Opportunity Master Fund, SPC – Segregated Master Portfolio B (together with Inflection Point Fund, the “
Additional
Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock Investors
”), pursuant to which the Additional Series A Cumulative Convertible
Preferred Stock Investors agreed to purchase an aggregate of (i) 784,314 shares of Series A Preferred Stock and (ii) Series A Preferred
Investor Warrants exercisable for an aggregate of 784,314 shares of Common Stock, subject to adjustment, for an aggregate purchase price
of $8.0 million. This transaction closed as part of the Business Combination on March 13, 2025.

Sponsor Support Agreement

Concurrently with the execution of the Business
Combination Agreement, the Sponsor, Inflection Point and USARE OpCo entered into a sponsor support agreement (the “
Sponsor Support
Agreement
”), pursuant to which, among other things, the Sponsor agreed to (i) vote to adopt and approve the Business Combination
Agreement and the other documents contemplated therein and the transactions contemplated therein and (ii) forfeit 60,000 New USARE Warrants
for every $1,000,000 by which (x) the gross proceeds at the Closing from the Trust Account (after giving effect to the Redemption plus
(y) the gross proceeds from the Class A Preferred Unit Investment (as defined in the UASRE Business Combination Agreement), the Series
A Preferred Stock Investment and any PIPE Investment (as defined in the Business Combination Agreement) are below $50,000,000, up to a
maximum of 1,500,000 New USARE Warrants forfeited. On January 31, 2025, the Sponsor, Inflection Point and USARE OpCo entered into an amendment
to the Sponsor Support Agreement to eliminate the potential forfeiture of New USARE Warrants by the Sponsor.

Member Support Agreement

Concurrently with the execution of the Business
Combination Agreement, Inflection Point entered into a member support agreement (the “
Member Support Agreement
”) with
USARE OpCo and certain members of USARE OpCo (the “
Supporting USARE Members
”) pursuant to which each such Supporting
USARE Members agreed to, among other things, support and vote in favor of the Business Combination Agreement, and the transactions contemplated
therein (including the Merger).

Fee Reduction Agreement

Pursuant to that certain underwriting agreement
between Inflection Point and Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., as representative of the several underwriters (“
CF&CO
”),
dated May 24, 2023 (as it may be amended from time to time, the “
Underwriting Agreement
”), Inflection Point previously
agreed to pay to CF&CO an aggregate cash amount of $13,100,000 as “deferred underwriting commissions” (the “
Original
Deferred Fee
”) upon the consummation of an initial business combination, as contemplated by the final prospectus of Inflection
Point, filed with the SEC (File No. 333- 271128), and dated May 24, 2024. Solely in connection with the Business Combination, Inflection
Point, CF&CO and USARE OpCo entered into that certain fee reduction agreement, dated as of August 20, 2024 (the “
Fee Reduction
Agreement
”), pursuant to which, upon consummation of the Business Combination, CF&CO accepted, in lieu of such Original
Deferred Fee: (i) either (at Inflection Point’s option) (A) a cash fee of $4,000,000 or (B) (1) a cash fee of $2,000,000 plus (2)
400,000 shares of Common Stock, plus (ii) 2.0% of the amount by which the Total Capital Raised (as defined in the Fee Reduction Agreement)
exceeded $50,000,000. Additionally, solely if Inflection Point elected to pay the all-cash fee discussed above, CF&CO would forfeit
1,650,000 private placement warrants. In connection with the Closing of the Business Combination, Inflection Point elected to pay, and
paid the all-cash fee discussed above, and CF&CO forfeited 1,650,000 warrants.

43

Amendment No. 1 to Business Combination Agreement

On November 12, 2024, Inflection Point and USARE
OpCo entered into that certain Amendment No. 1 to the Business Combination Agreement (the “
BCA Amendment
”). The BCA
Amendment:

(i) amends Section 2.02(b) and Section 2.03(b)(iii)
to provide that in connection with the Business Combination, each USARE Class A Preferred Investor Warrant shall be cancelled and converted
into the right to receive a Domesticated Purchaser Series A Preferred Investor Warrant (as defined in the Business Combination Agreement)
exercisable for a number of shares of Common Stock of New USARE equal to the aggregate number of Class A units of USARE OpCo that would
be issued upon full exercise of such USARE Class A Preferred Investor Warrant; and

(ii) amends Article X to define the term “Expiration
Time” with respect to the Member Support Agreement (as defined in the Business Combination Agreement) to mean the earlier of the
Closing or the termination of the Business Combination Agreement.

Amendment No. 2 to the Business Combination
Agreement

On January 30, 2025, Inflection Point and USARE
OpCo entered into that certain Amendment No. 2 to the Business Combination Agreement to, among other matters, set out the directors of
the New USARE, address certain other governance matters and modify certain document delivery conditions.

Forward Purchase Agreements

On March 11, 2025, Inflection Point and USARE
OpCo entered into (i) a forward purchase agreement with Harraden Circle Investors LP, Harraden Circle Special Opportunities LP and Harraden
Circle Strategic Investments LP (collectively, “
Harraden
,” and such agreement, the “
Harraden Forward Purchase
Agreement
”), (ii) a forward purchase agreement with Newtyn TE Partners, LP and Newtyn Partners, LP (collectively, “
Newtyn
,”
and such agreement, the “
Newtyn Forward Purchase Agreement
”), and (iii) a forward purchase agreement with L1 Capital
Global Opportunities Master Fund (“
L1
,” and such agreement, the “
L1 Forward Purchase Agreement
,”
and together with the Harraden Forward Purchase Agreement and the Newtyn Forward Purchase Agreement, the “
Forward Purchase Agreements
”),
each for over-the-counter Equity Prepaid Forward Transactions (each, a “
Forward Purchase Transaction
” and, together,
the “
Forward Purchase Transactions
”). Each Forward Purchase Agreement amended, restated and superseded in its entirety
a separate forward purchase agreements with each of the sellers, dated March 10, 2025, which had identical terms to those described herein,
except that the Reset Price (as defined in the Forward Purchase Agreements) was not subject to the floor price described below. For purposes
of the Forward Purchase Agreements, each of Harraden, Newtyn and L1 are referred to, individually, as a “
Seller
” and,
collectively, as the “
Sellers
”). For purposes of the Forward Purchase Agreements, Inflection Point and USARE OpCo are
referred to as the “Counterparty” prior to and after the Business Combination, respectively.

Pursuant to the terms of the Forward Purchase
Agreements, (i) Harraden agreed to hold up to 892,825 public shares, (ii) Newtyn agreed to hold up to 700,000 public shares, and (iii)
L1 agreed to hold up to 297,669 public shares in connection with the Closing. For purposes of the Forward Purchase Agreements, the public
shares held by each Seller are referred to as such Seller’s “
FPA Shares
.
” Each Seller, acting separately
and solely for its own account, was permitted, if necessary, to (i) reverse its previous election to redeem its public shares in connection
with the Business Combination pursuant to the redemption rights set forth in Inflection Point’s amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association or (ii) purchase public shares through a broker in the open market from holders of public shares (other than
Inflection Point), including from holders who previously elected to redeem their public shares in connection with the Business Combination
pursuant to the redemption rights set forth in Inflection Point’s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. The
aggregate number of shares subject to each Forward Purchase Agreement (the “
Number of Shares
”) was the aggregate number
of FPA Shares as notified to Counterparty by the applicable Seller, but in no event more than such Seller’s number of FPA Shares
set forth above. Each Seller notified the Counterparty that it would subject the maximum Number of Shares to their respective Forward
Purchase Agreements. The Number of Shares was subject to reduction following the full or partial optional early termination of the Forward
Purchase Agreements as described below.

Each Forward Purchase Agreement provides that
no later than the earlier of (a) one business day after the Closing and (b) the date any assets from Inflection Point’s trust account
are disbursed in connection with the Business Combination, the Seller under such Forward Purchase Agreement was paid directly, out of
the funds held in Inflection Point’s trust account, an amount (the “
Prepayment Amount
”) equal to the product
of (i) the Number of Shares and (ii) an amount (the “
Initial Price
”) equal to the redemption price per share payable
to investors who elected to redeem in connection with the Business Combination.

44

From time to time on any day the Nasdaq is open
for trading following the date of the Closing (any such date, an “
OET Date
”), each Seller may, in its absolute discretion,
elect to sell any and all FPA Shares it owns. Any such sale shall automatically terminate such Seller’s Forward Purchaser Transaction
in whole or in part with respect to any such number of sold shares. Seller shall, on any day of such OET Date, give written notice to
the Counterparty of such termination and specify the number of sold FPA Shares (such quantity, the “
Terminated Shares
”).
As of each OET Date, the Counterparty shall be entitled from Seller, and the Seller shall pay to the Counterparty, an amount equal to
the product of (a) the then in effect Reset Price (as defined in the Forward Purchase Agreement and subject to a floor of $4.00) and (b)
the number of Terminated Shares.

Each Forward Purchase Agreement’s maturity
date is the date 90 days after the Closing (the “
Maturity Date
”). Upon the occurrence of the Maturity Date, in exchange
for delivery of the then Number of Shares under each Forward Purchase Transaction, the Counterparty shall pay each Seller an amount (the
“
Maturity Consideration
”) equal to (i) the number of FPA Shares less the number of Terminated Shares multiplied by
(ii) the Initial Price. The Seller will retain the Maturity Consideration from the Prepayment Amount paid by the Counterparty to the Seller.

Each of the Forward Purchase Agreements could
be terminated by any of the parties thereto if any of the following events occur: (a) it being, or, as a consequence of a change in law,
regulation or interpretation, it becomes or will become, unlawful for the Seller to perform any of its obligations contemplated by a Forward
Purchase Agreement, or (b) upon the occurrence of any Material Adverse Change (as defined in the Forward Purchase Agreements) of the Counterparty.
Upon any termination that occurs following the Closing due to clauses (a) or (b) above, Counterparty shall be obligated to promptly accept
for redemption all of Seller’s shares in exchange for the Initial Price.

Closing of the Business Combination

The Business Combination closed on March 13, 2025.
For additional information regarding the USARE Business Combination see the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41711)
filed by New USARE on March 19, 2025, and the Proxy Statement/Prospectus.

Liquidity, Capital Resources and Going Concern

Until the consummation of the IPO, our only source
of liquidity was an initial purchase of shares of Class B ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share, by the Sponsor and loans from
the Sponsor.

On May 30, 2023, we consummated the IPO of 25,000,000
Units, which included the partial exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option in the amount of 3,000,000 Units, at $10.00
per Unit, generating gross proceeds of $250,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, we consummated the sale of 7,650,000
private placement warrants to the Sponsor and CF&CO, the representative of the underwriters of the IPO, at a price of $1.00 per private
placement warrant, generating gross proceeds of $7,650,000.

Following the IPO and the private placements,
a total of $251,250,000 ($10.05 per Unit) was placed in the Trust Account. We incurred transaction costs of $18,361,877 consisting of
$4,400,000 of cash underwriting discount, $13,100,000 of deferred underwriting fees, and $861,877 of other offering costs.

For the year ended December 31, 2024, cash used
in operating activities was $1,398,564. Net income of $7,899,035 was affected by dividend income earned on marketable securities held
in the Trust Account of $12,019,932, change in fair value of Forward Purchase Agreement of $435,568 and loss on issuance of Forward Purchase
Agreements of $484,843. Changes in operating assets and liabilities used $2,673,058 of cash for operating activities.

As of December 31, 2024, we had marketable securities
held in the Trust Account of $24,075,435 consisting of U.S. government treasury obligations with maturity of 185 days or less or interests
in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government
treasury obligations. We were permitted withdraw interest from the Trust Account to pay taxes, if any. We intended to use substantially
all of the funds held in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust Account (less deferred underwriting
commissions and taxes payable), to complete our initial business combination.

45

As of December 31, 2024, we had cash of $2,101.
Prior to the  Business Combination, our intent was to use the funds held outside the Trust Account primarily to identify and evaluate
target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar
locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective
target businesses, structure, negotiate and complete a business combination, to pay for directors and officers liability insurance premiums
and to pay an aggregate of $27,083 per month (the “
Monthly Fee
”) to The Venture Collective LLC (“
TVC
”),
an affiliate of one of our directors, Nicholas Shekerdemian, for the services of Peter Ondishin, Chief Financial Officer, and Kevin Shannon,
Chief of Staff. On March 28, 2024, we entered into the Amendment to the Services and Indemnification Agreement, pursuant to which, the
Monthly Fee paid to TVC, effective as of January 1, 2024, was reduced from $27,083 to (i) $17,708 for the period from January 1, 2024
to January 31, 2024 and (ii) $24,091 for the period starting February 1, 2024. On August 9, 2024, the Company entered into the Amendment
to the Services and Indemnification Agreement pursuant to which, the Monthly Fee paid to TVC, effective as of April 1, 2024, was reduced
from $24,091 to $18,882 for the period starting April 1, 2024. The Monthly Fee was further reduced from $18,882 to $14,746 for the period
starting September 1, 2024. On November 8, 2024, the Company entered into the Third Amendment to the Services and Indemnification Agreement
pursuant to which, the Monthly Fee paid to TVC, effective as of November 1, 2024, was reduced from $14,746 to $7,373 for the period starting
October 1, 2024. Upon completion of the Business Combination, the Company ceased paying the Monthly Fee. For the year
ended December 31, 2024 and for the period from March 6, 2023 (inception) through December 31, 2023, the Company incurred $204,541 and
$196,806 for these services, respectively.

In order to finance working capital or to finance
transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of
the Company’s officers and directors was permitted, but not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required (the “
Working
Capital Loans
”). In the event that the initial Business Combination did not close, the Company was permitted to use a portion
of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds from the Trust Account would
have been used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Up to $1,500,000 of the Working Capital Loans was convertible into private placement
warrants of the post Business Combination entity at a price of $1.00 per private placement warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants
would have been identical to the private placement warrants.

On August 13, 2024, to document existing and future
Working Capital Loans, the Company issued the Convertible Promissory Note to Michael Blitzer, the Company’s Chairman and then-Chief Executive Officer,
pursuant to which the Company was permitted to borrow up to $2,500,000 from Mr. Blitzer, related to ongoing expenses reasonably related to the business
of the Company and the consummation of an initial business combination.

All unpaid principal under the Convertible Promissory
Note was due and payable in full on the earlier of (i) August 21, 2025, or such later date by which the Company must consummate a Business
Combination pursuant to its governing documents (as may be amended by a shareholder vote) and (ii) the effective date of  an initial business combination,
unless accelerated upon the occurrence of an event of default as set forth in the Convertible Promissory Note. Mr. Blitzer had the option,
at any time on or prior to the repayment of amounts owed under the Convertible Promissory Note, to convert up to $1,500,000 outstanding
under the Convertible Promissory Note into warrants to purchase Class A ordinary shares at a conversion price of $1.00 per warrant, with
each warrant entitling the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to the same adjustments
applicable to the private placement warrants. As of December 31, 2024, we had an outstanding borrowing of $1,200,000 under the Convertible
Promissory Note.

Pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement, dated
as of August 21, 2024, as amended on January 22, 2025, by and among Inflection Point, Michael Blitzer and USARE OpCo, Inflection Point
agreed to issue at Closing, a number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock equal to the number of Blitzer Conversion Preferred Shares
(as defined in below) to Mr. Blitzer exchange for his forgiveness of 50% of the then-outstanding balance of the
Convertible Promissory Note. In addition, pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 21, 2024, by and between USARE
OpCo and Mr. Blitzer, USARE OpCo issued 122,549 USARE Class A-2 Convertible Preferred Units and a warrant to purchase up to 31,250 USARE
Class A Units in exchange for Mr. Blitzer’s promise to forgive, at the closing of the Proposed Business Combination, the other 50%
of the then-outstanding balance of the Convertible Promissory Note. Such amounts were forgiven upon the Closing for the consideration
described above.

46

As of December 31, 2024, we believed that amounts
not held in trust were not sufficient to pay the costs and expenses  that are payable prior to the
closing of our initial business combination. Our costs were primarily expected to be incurred in connection with identifying a target
business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a business combination. As of December 31, 2024, our officers, directors
and our Sponsor were permitted, but not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. Accordingly, we may not be able to obtain additional
financing. If we are unable to raise additional capital, we may be required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could
include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of a potential transaction, and reducing overhead
expenses. We cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to us on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. These
conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time which is considered
to be one year from the date of the issuance of the financial statements, or, if earlier, the date that we would have been required to
cease all operations, except for the purpose of winding up, if a business combination was not consummated. The financial statements do
not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be necessary
should we be unable to continue as a going concern.

On March 13, 2025, Inflection Point consummated
the Business Combination with USARE OpCo and substantially all of the assets and the business of the combined company are held and
operated by New USARE and its subsidiaries. New USARE has generated no revenues since inception, continues to incur losses from operations,
and has an accumulated deficit. Following the Closing, New USARE’s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon its
ability to raise capital, to implement its business plan, generate sufficient revenues, and to control operating expenses. As of March
28, 2025, New USARE had cash of approximately $23.4 million.

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements

We have no obligations, assets or liabilities,
which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2024. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships
with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established
for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements,
established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets.

Contractual obligations

As of December 31, 2024, we did not have any long-term debt, capital lease
obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than an agreement to pay an aggregate of $27,083 per month to
TVC, for the services of Peter Ondishin, Chief Financial Officer, and Kevin Shannon, Chief of Staff. We began incurring such fees on May
24, 2023, and no longer incur these fees monthly as of the consummation of the Business Combination. On March 28, 2024, Inflection Point
entered into the Amendment to the Services and Indemnification Agreement pursuant to which, the Monthly Fee paid to TVC, effective as
of January 1, 2024, was reduced from $27,083 to (i) $17,708 for the period from January 1, 2024 to January 31, 2024 and (ii) $24,091 for
the period starting February 1, 2024. On August 9, 2024, Inflection Point entered into the Amendment to the Services and Indemnification
Agreement pursuant to which, the Monthly Fee paid to TVC, effective as of April 1, 2024, was reduced from $24,091 to $18,882 for the period
starting April 1, 2024. The Monthly Fee was further reduced from $18,882 to $14,746 for the period starting September 1, 2024. On November
8, 2024, Inflection Point entered into the Third Amendment to the Services and Indemnification Agreement pursuant to which, the Monthly
Fee paid to TVC, effective as of November 1, 2024, was reduced from $14,746 to $7,373 for the period starting October 1, 2024. Upon consummation
of the Business Combination, the Company ceased paying the Monthly Fee.

The underwriters were entitled to a deferred underwriting
commission of 5.0% on the base deal and an additional 7.0% on the Units sold pursuant to the underwriters’ option to purchase additional
Units, or $13,100,000 in the aggregate, of the gross proceeds of the IPO held in the Trust Account upon the completion of Inflection Point’s
initial business combination subject to the terms of the underwriting commission.

47

Pursuant to the Fee Reduction Agreement, solely
in connection with the Business Combination, upon consummation of the Business Combination, CF&CO accepted, in lieu of such Original
Deferred Fee: (i) either (at Inflection Point’s option) (A) a cash fee of $4,000,000 or (B) (1) a cash fee of $2,000,000 plus (2)
400,000 shares of Common Stock, plus (ii) 2.0% of the amount by which the Total Capital Raised (as defined in the Fee Reduction Agreement)
exceeded $50,000,000. Additionally, solely if Inflection Point elected to pay the all-cash fee discussed above, CF&CO agreed to forfeit
1,650,000 private placement warrants. We elected to pay the all-cash fee discussed above and such payment was made and such private placement
warrants were forfeited in connection with the Closing of the Business Combination.

Critical Accounting Policies

The preparation of financial statements and related
disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date
of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates.
We have identified the following critical accounting policies:

Net Income per Share

Net income per share is computed by dividing net
income by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period, excluding ordinary shares subject to forfeiture.
Weighted average shares were reduced for the effect of an aggregate of 825,000 Class B ordinary shares that were subject to forfeiture
if the over-allotment option was not exercised by the underwriters. At December 31, 2024 and 2023, Inflection Point did not have any dilutive
securities and other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into ordinary shares and then share in the earnings
of Inflection Point. As a result, diluted income per share is the same as basic income per share for the periods presented.

Recent Accounting Standards

In November 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-07,
Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures. The amendments in this ASU require disclosures, on an annual
and interim basis, of significant segment expenses that are regularly provided to the chief operating officer decision maker (“
CODM
”),
as well as the aggregate amount of other segment items included in the reported measure of segment profit or loss. The ASU requires that
a public entity disclose the title and position of the CODM and an explanation of how the CODM uses the reported measure(s) of segment
profit or loss in assessing segment performance and deciding how to allocate resources. Public entities will be required to provide all
annual disclosures currently required by Topic 280 in interim periods, and entities with a single reportable segment are required to provide
all the disclosures required by the amendments in this ASU and existing segment disclosures in Topic 280. This ASU is effective for fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024, with early adoption
permitted.

Management does not believe that any recently
issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on Inflection Point’s financial
statements.

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk

We are a smaller reporting company as defined
by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this item.

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.

The financial statements required to be filed pursuant to this Item
8 are appended to this Annual Report and incorporated herein by reference. An index of those financial statements is found in Item 15
of Part IV of this Annual Report.

48

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
and Financial Disclosure.

None.

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures.

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Disclosure controls and procedures are designed
to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported
within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our
management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

Our management, with the participation of our
principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of Inflection Point’s
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the fiscal quarter ended December
31, 2024. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that as of December
31, 2024, Inflection Point’s disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level and, accordingly,
provided reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed under the Exchange Act is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms. 

We do not expect that our disclosure controls
and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and
operated can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further,
the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered
relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls
and procedure can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design
of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can
be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions.

Management’s Report on Internal Controls
Over Financial Reporting

As required by SEC rules and regulations implementing
Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Inflection Point’s internal control over financial reporting is
designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements
for external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. Inflection Point’s internal control over financial reporting includes those
policies and procedures that:

(1)
pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions
and dispositions of the assets of our company,

(2)
provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our
management and directors, and

(3)
provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use
or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Our management conducted an assessment of the
effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in “Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013).” Based on this assessment, our
management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2024.

49

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting

There were no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the most recent fiscal quarter that have
materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

Attestation report of the registered public
accounting firm

This Annual Report does not include an attestation
report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to an exemption established by the JOBS Act for emerging growth companies.

Item 9B. Other Information.

(a) None

(b) 
None

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent
Inspections.

Not Applicable.

50

Part III

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.

Directors and Executive Officers 

Our directors and executive officers are as follows:

Name

Age

     Position

Joshua Ballard

52

Chief Executive Officer and Director

William Robert Steele Jr.

59

Chief Financial Officer

David Kronenfeld

39

Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary

Steve Ridge

61

Chief Operating Officer

Michael Blitzer

47

Chairman

Mordechai Gutnick

47

Director

Paul Kern

79

Director

Otto Schwethelm

70

Director 

Michael Senft

66

Director

Tready Smith

54

Director

Carolyn Trabuco

55

Director

Joshua Ballard.

Joshua
Ballard is the Chief Executive Officer of New USARE and USARE OpCo and a Director of our board of directors. Prior to joining USARE OpCo,
Mr. Ballard was the Chief Financial Officer at Energy Recovery, Inc. from 2018 to 2024, where he was responsible for the finance, accounting,
information technology, human resources, program management and investor relations organizations for the Company. Mr. Ballard brings
more than 20 years of finance and operations experience, both domestically and internationally, working across a variety of industries
within complex organizations to successfully navigate high growth. Previously, Mr. Ballard held senior positions for nearly 15 years
at private equity fund managers, including Orox Capital Management and SigmaBleyzer Investment Group, investing in the United States,
Eastern Europe and the former Soviet Union. During this time, he was responsible for directly leading as well as collaborating with portfolio
company teams to develop and implement long-term strategic plans, and to improve finance, back office and manufacturing operations
in private and public companies. As Executive Director at SigmaBleyzer, he was also responsible for fund operations and investor relations.
Mr. Ballard also held multiple CFO roles with pre-IPO venture-backed companies as Managing Director of Lanterne Advisors,
LLC. Mr. Ballard is a Certified Financial Analyst and prior Chartered Management Accountant and holds a Global MBA in Finance from
Arizona State University Thunderbird School of Global Business and a BA in Russian Studies from the University of Iowa.

51

William Robert Steele Jr. 
William
Robert Steele Jr. is the Chief Financial Officer of New USARE and USARE OpCo. Prior to joining New USARE and USARE OpCo, Mr. Steele served
as the Global Chief Financial Officer of Mujin Corp., a physical AI industrial robotics software platform, from October 2024 until March
2025. Prior to his role at Mujin Corp., Mr. Steele spent six years at Bank of America Securities as a Managing Director from 2018 to October
2024. He also previously served as Managing Director at Stifel from 2005 to 2018, Director and Managing Director at SC Cowen Securities
Corporation from 2000 to 2005, and Principal at Banc of America Securities, Inc. from 1993 to 1996. Mr. Steele received his bachelor’s
degree from University of California, Santa Barbara and a Master of Business Administration from the Anderson School at UCLA.

David Kronenfeld.  
David
Kronenfeld serves as the Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary of New USARE and USARE OpCo and in that capacity he leads the in-house legal
team and acts as the corporate secretary. Mr. Kronenfeld joined USARE OpCo in March 2021. Prior to his role at USARE OpCo, Mr. Kronenfeld
worked from April 2019 to May 2021 as an attorney in Hunter Business Law’s M&A and securities division. Mr. Kronenfeld
received a Juris Doctor degree and Master of Laws degree in Taxation from Washington University in St. Louis and a Bachelor of Arts degrees
in Chinese Language & Literature and European History from Washington & Lee University. Mr. Kronenfeld has a decade and a
half of corporate legal experience both in private practice and as a former associate general counsel of a Nasdaq listed company.

Steve Ridge.  
Steve
Ridge is the Chief Operating Officer of New USARE and USARE OpCo and in that role he focuses on developing technology and producing rare
earth magnets from a vertically integrated domestic supply chain. Mr. Ridge joined USARE OpCo in April 2023. Prior to his role
at USARE OpCo, Mr. Ridge held the positions of (i) Senior Vice President of Global Supply Chain at Elementis, a global specialty
chemical company, from March 2019 to August 2022, and (ii) Global Operations Director at FMC Corporation, a chemical manufacturing
company, from March 2015 to March 2019. During his time at Elementis, Mr. Ridge was responsible for leading the EHS, quality,
supply chain, procurement, engineering, and manufacturing functions. Relatedly, during his time at FMC Corporation, Mr. Ridge obtained
substantial experience managing the safe and reliable operation of manufacturing plants in various countries. Mr. Ridge received
his Master of Science degree in Chemical Engineering from Texas A&M University and Bachelor of Science degrees in Chemistry and Mathematics
from Florida Southern University. Throughout his 30-plus years of international experience in multiple-site chemical and mining
operations, Mr. Ridge has significant leadership experience in all aspects of integrated supply chains and capital project execution
in the chemical and mining space. Mr. Ridge is also a Certified Six Sigma Green Belt.

Michael Blitzer.  
Michael Blitzer
serves as a director and the Chairperson of our board of directors. Mr. Blitzer served as the Chairman and CEO of Inflection Point from
March 2023 until the Closing of the Business Combination in March 2025, having previously served as co-CEO and director of Inflection
Point Acquisition Corp. from February 2021 to February 2023. He has also served as Chairman and CEO of Inflection Point Acquisition Corp.
III since October 2024. Mr. Blitzer is the founder and co-CEO of Kingstown Capital Management, which he founded in 2006 and
grew to a multi-billion asset manager with some of the world’s largest endowments and foundations as clients. Over 19 years,
Kingstown has invested in public and private equities, SPACs, PIPEs, and derivatives. At Kingstown, Mr. Blitzer oversaw and participated
in nearly all the firm’s investment decisions including countless public and private investments in disruptive growth industries.
Mr. Blitzer brings an in-depth understanding of public markets and has invested in a variety of corporate transactions such
as spin-offs, rights offerings, public offerings, privatizations, and mergers & acquisitions. He currently sits on the board of directors
and audit committee of Intuitive Machines, Inc. (Nasdaq: LUNR). He was also a public company director of Signature Group Holdings after
its exit from bankruptcy in 2011, where he also sat on the audit committee, and was on the board of directors of the European mutual fund
TREND AD. Mr. Blitzer began his Wall Street career at J.P. Morgan Securities in 1999 advising companies globally in private debt
and equity capital raises followed by work at the investment fund Gotham Asset Management, which was founded by the author and investor
Joel Greenblatt. Mr. Blitzer taught courses in Investing at Columbia Business School for five years in the 2010s. He holds an MBA
from Columbia Business School and a B.S. from Cornell University where he received the Cornell Tradition Fellowship. Mr. Blitzer
currently sits on the Executive Advisory Board of the Heilbrunn Center for Graham & Dodd Investing at Columbia Business School and
is a trustee of Greens Farms Academy in Westport, CT where he is also Treasurer and Chair of the Investment Committee.

52

Mordechai Gutnick.
  Mordechai
Gutnick serves as a director on our board of directors. Mr. Gutnick is a founding investor in USARE OpCo and served as a manager
on the board of managers of USARE OpCo from May 2019 to March 2021 and from October 2021 to the Closing of the Business Combination in
March 2025. He brings multi-decade experience in various mining projects and is a long-time investor in the mining industry
in both Australia and the United States. In connection with his investing and professional activities during the last five years, Mr. Gutnick
has served as a director or officer of numerous private companies and other companies registered with the Australian Securities and Investments
Commission (“
ASIC
”). Mr. Gutnick was also the managing director and chairman of Merlin Diamonds Limited, which
entity was subject to an ASIC initiated Australian court ordered liquidation in 2019. Mr. Gutnick was also the director and joint
chief executive officer of Legend International Holdings, Inc. (and its subsidiary Paradise Phosphate Limited), which entered bankruptcy
and Australian liquidation in 2016 (and Paradise Phosphate Limited in 2019).

General Paul Kern (Ret).  
General
Paul Kern serves as a director on our board of directors. Mr. Kern served as a manager on the board of managers of USARE OpCo from
2020 until the Closing of the Business Combination in March 2025. Mr. Kern is a senior counselor with The Cohen Group, a position
he has held since 2005, and currently serves as chairman of the board of the non-profit, public-private partnership Advanced Functional
Fabrics of America (AFFOA), a position he has held since 2016. Mr. Kern also currently serves on the Management Board of Integris
and as a director of By Light. He served as president and chief operating officer of AM General LLC from 2008 to 2010. In 2005, Mr. Kern
retired after almost 38 years with the US Army, last serving as the Commanding General of the Army Materiel Command. Mr. Kern graduated
from West Point in 1967 with a Bachelor of Science degree. He holds master’s degrees in civil and mechanical engineering from the
University of Michigan and was elected to the National Academy of Engineering in 2006. He was a National Security Fellow at the J.F. Kennedy
School, Harvard University and was a member of the Defense Science Board for 14 years.

Otto C. Schwethelm.
  Otto
Schwethelm serves as a director on our board of directors. Mr. Schwethelm is the Founder and Principal of Schwethelm Financial LLC,
a financial advisory and consulting firm where he has served since 2017. Currently, Mr. Schwethelm serves on the board of directors
for Paint Rock Bancshares and First State Bank of Paint Rock, positions he has held since December 2020. With over 45 years of experience
in the industry, Mr. Schwethelm has held significant positions such as CFO at Capital Precast Holdings LLC (from October 2022 to
October 2024), MP Materials (from December 2017 to November 2019), M.S. Al Suwaidi Industrial Services Ltd., OQ (formerly Oman Oil Refineries
and Petroleum Industries Company), and Tesoro Corporation. He has also been actively involved in various non-profit organizations,
including Schreiner University, Peterson Health, Junior Achievement of South Texas, and San Antonio Sports Foundation. Mr. Schwethelm
holds credentials as a Certified Public Accountant (licensed in Texas), Certified Internal Auditor, and Certified Fraud Examiner. He earned
his Bachelor of Business Administration degree in Accounting from the University of Texas at Austin.

Michael Senft.
  Michael
Senft serves as a director on our board of directors. Mr. Senft is a former CFO and investment banker who has served on multiple
public company boards. Mr. Senft is currently the lead independent director for Molekule Group, Inc., a position he has held since
2020, and a senior advisor to Critical Response Group, a position he has held since 2019. Mr. Senft’s former positions include
serving as an executive advisor to Lilium N.V. in 2023, and as the lead independent director at AeroClean Technologies, Inc. from 2019
until its merger with Molekule Group, Inc. in 2023. Earlier in his career, he was a director at B/E Aerospace, Inc. and CFO of KLX, Inc.,
a B/E Aerospace, Inc. spin-off, until its acquisition by The Boeing Company in 2018. Mr. Senft was an investment banker for over
30 years, including roles at Moelis & Company, CIBC World Markets Corp., and Merrill Lynch & Co. Mr. Senft received his Bachelor
of Arts degree in Economics from Princeton University and his Master of Business Administration degree from the Stern School of Business
at New York University.

Tready Smith.
  Tready
Smith serves as a director of on our board of directors and previous served on the board of managers of USARE OpCo as Chair from March
2021 to the Closing of the Business Combination in March 2025. Ms. Smith is a seasoned executive with a distinguished career in investment
management and strategic leadership. Since 2001, Ms. Smith has served as Chief Executive Officer of Bayshore Capital Advisors, LLC, a
Florida-based investment firm she founded. Since 1998, she has served as Principal and Managing Member of ASAP Capital Partners,
LLC, a family investment office. Ms. Smith has a proven track record of providing strategic direction and guidance to numerous companies
and organizations. She is a member of the Board of Directors of Semantic Al. Additionally, she has served on the boards of the Arts and
Sciences Foundation at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, the Florida Wildlife Corridor Foundation, and the Tampa Museum
of Art, and an independent day school where she chaired the Investment Committee. Ms. Smith is an active member of Young Presidents Organization
(YPO), connecting with business leaders from around the world. She received her undergraduate degree in business from University of North
Carolina at Chapel Hill.

53

Carolyn Trabuco.
  Carolyn
Trabuco serves as a director on our board of directors. Ms. Trabuco is a business and finance professional in the fields of global equity
research, strategic advisory, commodities and governance. She has over 25 years of global growth investing and fund management experience,
including over 10 years in the metals, mining, and resources sectors. Ms. Trabuco is co-founder of Azul Brazilian Airline, listed
on the New York Stock Exchange since 2017, and has served on its board of directors since 2008. Ms. Trabuco also serves on the board of
Shimmick Corp., a position she has held since November 2023, and Athena Technology Acquisition Corp. II, a position she has held since
October 2024. She also served as the chief executive officer of Ligilo Inc. d/b/a Inclusively from 2021 to 2022. She is also the founder
of Thistledown Advisory Group, LLC, a strategic advisory firm, a position she has held since 2017. Ms. Trabuco’s former public company
board service includes Critical Metals Corp., formerly known as Sizzle Acquisition Corp., from February 2024 to December 2024, and
Sizzle Acquisition Corp. from 2021 to February 2024. She is also an adjunct professor of finance at Sacred Heart University. Ms. Trabuco
holds a bachelor’s degree in art history from Georgetown University and a master’s degree in public administration from Sacred
Heart University.

Number and Terms of Office of Officers and
Directors

Our business and affairs are managed under the
direction of our board of directors. Our board of directors is chaired by Michael Blitzer and includes as members the individuals named
above as directors. Subject to the terms of our certificate of incorporation and the bylaws, the number of directors of New USARE is fixed
by our board of directors and is initially fixed at eight (8) directors.

When considering whether directors and director
nominees have the experience, qualifications, attributes and skills, taken as a whole, to enable the board of directors to satisfy its
oversight responsibilities effectively in light of its business and structure, the board of directors focuses primarily on each person’s
background and experience as reflected in the information discussed in each of the directors’ individual biographies set forth above
in order to provide an appropriate mix of experience and skills relevant to the size and nature of its business.

Our officers are appointed by the board of directors
and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized
to appoint officers as it deems appropriate pursuant to our certificate of incorporation and bylaws.

Director Independence

Under our corporate governance guidelines and
the Nasdaq rules, a director is not independent unless our board of directors affirmatively determines that the director does not have
a direct or indirect material relationship with us or any of our subsidiaries. In addition, the director must not be precluded from qualifying
as independent under the per se bars set forth by the Nasdaq rules.

Based upon information requested from and provided
by each director concerning his or her background, employment and affiliations, including family relationships, our board of directors
has determined that Michael Blitzer, Mordechai Gutnick, Paul Kern, Otto Schwethelm, Michael Senft, and Carolyn Trabuco do not have a relationship
that would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director and that each of these
directors qualifies as “independent” as that term is defined under the Nasdaq rules. In making these determinations, our board
of directors considered the relationships that each non-employee director has with New USARE, and all other facts and circumstances
that our board of directors deemed relevant in determining their independence, including the director’s beneficial ownership of
our securities.

Committees of the Board of Directors

Our board of directors directs the management
of its business and affairs, as provided by Delaware law, and conducts its business through meetings of the board of directors and standing
committees. Our board of directors has a standing audit committee, compensation committee and nominating and corporate governance committee,
each of which operates under a written charter and is composed solely of independent directors.

54

In addition, from time to time, special committees
may be established under the direction of the board of directors when the board of directors deems it necessary or advisable to address
specific issues. Copies of our committee charters are posted on our website, (https://www.usare.com), as required by applicable SEC and
Nasdaq rules. The information contained on, or that may be accessed through, our website is not part of, and is not incorporated into,
this Annual Report.

Audit Committee

Our audit committee is responsible for,
among other things:

●
overseeing our accounting and financial reporting process;

●
appointing, compensating, retaining and overseeing the work
of our independent registered public accounting firm and any other registered public accounting firm engaged for the purpose of preparing
or issuing an audit report or related work or performing other audit, review or attest services for us;

●
discussing with our independent registered public accounting
firm any audit problems or difficulties and management’s response;

●
pre-approving all audit and non-audit services provided
to us by our independent registered public accounting firm (other than those provided pursuant to appropriate preapproval policies established
by the audit committee or exempt from such requirement under the rules of the SEC);

●
reviewing and discussing our annual and quarterly financial
statements with management and our independent registered public accounting firm;

●
discussing our risk management policies;

●
reviewing and approving or ratifying any related person transactions;

●
establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment
of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters, and for the confidential and anonymous
submission by our employees of concerns regarding questionable accounting or auditing matters; and

●
preparing the audit committee report required by SEC rules.

Our audit committee consists of Otto Schwethelm,
Carolyn Trabuco, and Michael Senft, with Otto Schwethelm serving as chair. All members of our audit committee meet the requirements for
financial literacy under the applicable Nasdaq rules and regulations. Our board of directors has affirmatively determined that each member
of the audit committee qualifies as “independent” under Nasdaq’s additional standards applicable to audit committee
members and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act applicable audit committee members. In addition, our board of directors has
determined that Otto Schwethelm qualifies as an “audit committee financial expert”, as such term is defined in Item 407(d)(5) of
Regulation S-K.

Compensation Committee

Our compensation committee is responsible for,
among other things:

●
reviewing and approving corporate goals and objectives with
respect to the compensation of our Chief Executive Officer, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer’s performance in light of these
goals and objectives and setting our Chief Executive Officer’s compensation;

●
reviewing and setting or making recommendations to the board
of directors regarding the compensation of our other executive officers;

●
reviewing and making recommendations to the board of directors
regarding director compensation;

55

●
reviewing and approving or making recommendations to the board
of directors regarding our incentive compensation and equity-based plans and arrangements;

●
appointing and overseeing any compensation consultants;

●
reviewing and discussing annually with management our “Compensation
Discussion and Analysis”, to the extent required; and

●
preparing the annual compensation committee report required
by SEC rules, to the extent required.

Our compensation committee consists of Carolyn
Trabuco, Paul Kern and Otto Schwethelm, with Carolyn Trabuco serving as chair. The board of directors has determined that each of these
directors qualify as “independent” under Nasdaq’s additional standards applicable to compensation committee members,
and the compensation committee meet the requirements of Section 16b-3 of the Exchange Act with respect to acquisitions from the issuer.

Director Nominations

Our nominating and corporate governance committee
is responsible for, among other things:

●
identifying individuals qualified to become members of the board
of directors and ensuring the board of directors has the requisite expertise and consists of persons with sufficiently diverse and broad
skills and independent backgrounds;

●
recommending to the board of directors the persons to be nominated
for election as directors and to each committee of the board of directors;

●
developing and recommending to the board of directors corporate
governance guidelines, and reviewing and recommending to the board of directors proposed changes to our corporate governance guidelines
from time to time; and

●
overseeing the annual evaluations of the board of directors,
its committees and management.

Our nominating and corporate governance committee
consists of Michael Senft, Paul Kern, Mordechai Gutnick and Michael Blitzer, with Michael Senft serving as chair. The board of directors
determined that the members of our nominating and corporate governance committee qualify as “independent” under Nasdaq rules
applicable to nominating and corporate governance committee members.

The nominating and corporate governance committee
has not set specific minimum qualifications for director positions. Instead, the nominating and corporate governance committee will review
nominations for election or re-election to the board of directors on the basis of a particular candidate’s merits and the Company’s
needs after taking into account the current composition of the board of directors. When evaluating candidates annually for nomination
for election, the nominating and corporate governance committee will consider an individual’s skills, diversity, independence, experience
in areas that address the needs of the board of directors and ability to devote adequate time to our board of directors’ duties.
The nominating and corporate governance committee does not specifically define diversity, but values diversity of experience, perspective,
education, race, gender and national origin as part of its overall annual evaluation of director nominees for election or re-election.
Whenever a new seat or a vacated seat on the board of directors is being filled, candidates that appear to best fit the needs of the board
of directors and the Company will be identified, interviewed and evaluated by the nominating and corporate governance committee. Candidates
selected by the nominating and corporate governance committee will then be recommended to the full board of directors.

Code of Ethics

In connection with Closing, we adopted a code
of ethics that applies to all of our executive officers, directors and employees, including our principal executive officer, principal
financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller or persons performing similar functions. The code of ethics is available
on our website,

(
https://www.usare.com
).

56

We intend to make any legally required disclosures
regarding amendments to, or waivers of, provisions of our code of ethics on our website rather than by filing a Current Report on Form 8-K.

Insider Trading Policy

We have adopted insider trading policies
and procedures attached hereto as Exhibit 19 governing the purchase, sale and other dispositions of the Company’s securities by
directors, officers and employees that are reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations.
It is also the policy of the Company to comply with applicable securities laws when transacting in its own securities.

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider
Participation

No member of the compensation committee was at
any time during fiscal year 2024, or at any other time, one of our officers or employees. None of our executive officers has served as
a director or member of a compensation committee (or other committee serving an equivalent function) of any entity, one of whose executive
officers served as a director of our board of directors or member of our compensation committee.

Item 11. Executive Compensation.

Inflection Point Executive and Director Compensation

As of December 31, 2024, Inflection Point had
two executive officers, Michael Blitzer (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer), and Peter Ondishin (Chief Financial Officer). Upon the
consummation of the Business Combination, and in accordance with the terms of the Business Combination Agreement, each of the Inflection
Point executive officers ceased serving in such capacities.

On May 24, 2023, Inflection Point entered
into a Services and Indemnification Agreement with the Sponsor, TVC, Peter Ondishin and Kevin Shannon, pursuant to which it pays TVC a
total of $27,083.33 per month for the services of Peter Ondishin as chief financial officer of the Company and Kevin Shannon as chief
of staff for the Company. On March 28, 2024, Inflection Point entered into the Amendment to the Services and Indemnification Agreement
pursuant to which, the Monthly Fee paid to TVC, effective as of January 1, 2024, was reduced from $27,083 to (i) $17,708 for
the period from January 1, 2024 to January 31, 2024 and (ii) $24,091 for the period starting February 1, 2024. On
August 9, 2024, Inflection Point entered into the Amendment to the Services and Indemnification Agreement pursuant to which, the
Monthly Fee paid to TVC, effective as of April 1, 2024, was reduced from $24,091 to $18,882 for the period starting April 1,
2024. On August 9, 2024, the Company entered into the Amendment to the Services and Indemnification Agreement pursuant to which, the Monthly
Fee paid to TVC, effective as of April 1, 2024, was reduced from $24,091 to $18,882 for the period starting April 1, 2024. The Monthly
Fee was further reduced from $18,882 to $14,746 for the period starting September 1, 2024. On November 8, 2024, the Company entered into
the Third Amendment to the Services and Indemnification Agreement pursuant to which, the Monthly Fee paid to TVC, effective as of November
1, 2024, was reduced from $14,746 to $7,373 for the period starting October 1, 2024. Upon completion of a Business Combination or its
liquidation, the Company ceased paying the Monthly Fee. For the year ended December 31, 2024 and for the period from March 6, 2023 (inception)
through December 31, 2023, the Company incurred $204,541 and $196,806 for these services, respectively.

Prior to the consummation of the Business Combination,
the Sponsor and Inflection Point’s executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, were entitled to be
reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target
businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. In addition, pursuant to the Services and Indemnification Agreement
with the Sponsor, TVC, Peter Ondishin and Kevin Shannon relating to the monthly payment for the services of Peter Ondishin and Kevin Shannon
described above, Inflection Point agreed to indemnify the Sponsor and TVC from any claims arising out of or relating to the IPO or Inflection
Point’s operations or conduct of Inflection Point’s business or any claim against the Sponsor and/or TVC alleging any expressed
or implied management or endorsement by the Sponsor and/or TVC of any of Inflection Point’s activities or any express or implied
association between the Sponsor and/or TVC, on the one hand, and Inflection Point or any of its other affiliates, on the other hand, which
agreement provided that the indemnified parties could not access the funds held in Inflection Point’s Trust Account prior to the
consummation of the Business Combination. The Services and Indemnification Agreement also provided that Peter Ondishin and Kevin Shannon
cannot access the funds held in Inflection Point’s Trust Account. Prior to the consummation of the Business Combination, Inflection
Point’s audit committee reviewed on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to the Sponsor, executive officers or directors,
or Inflection Point’s or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to the consummation of the Business Combination were made from
funds held outside the Trust Account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such reimbursements, Inflection Point did not have
any additional controls in place governing such reimbursement payments to its directors and executive officers for their out-of-pocket expenses
incurred in connection with their activities on Inflection Point’s behalf in connection with identifying and consummating an initial
business combination. Other than these payments and reimbursements, no compensation of any kind, including finder’s and consulting
fees, was paid by Inflection Point to the Sponsor, executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, prior to completion
of the Business Combination.

57

USARE Executive and Officer Compensation

This section discusses the material components
of the executive compensation program of USARE OpCo for its executive officers who are named in the “
Summary Compensation Table
”
below. In 2024, USARE OpCo’s “named executive officers” and their positions (or former positions) were as follows:

●
Joshua Ballard, Chief Executive Officer;

●
Tom Schneberger, former Chief Executive Officer;

●
Effie Simanikas, former Chief Financial Officer;

●
Steve Ridge, Chief Operating Officer; and

●
David Kronenfeld, Chief Legal Officer.

This discussion may contain forward-looking statements
that are based on our current plans, considerations, expectations and determinations regarding future compensation programs. Actual compensation
programs that we adopt following the Closing may differ materially from the currently planned programs summarized in this discussion.

Summary Compensation Table

The following table sets forth information concerning
the compensation of USARE OpCo’s named executive officers for the years ended December 31, 2024 and December 31,
2023.

Name and Principal Position

Year

Salary
 ($)
(1)

Bonus
 ($)
(2)

Option
 Awards
 ($)
(3)

All Other
 Compensation
 ($)
(4)

Total

Joshua Ballard
(5)

 Chief Executive Officer

2024

$
8,654

—

—

—

$
8,654

Tom Schneberger

2024

$
257,500

—

—

$
39,104

$
296,604

Former Chief Executive Officer

2023

$
650,000

$
716,667

—

$
71,550

$
1,438,217

Effie Simanikas

2024

$
92,308

—

—

$
646,311

$
750,694

Former Chief Financial Officer

2023

$
400,000

$
300,000

—

$
11,550

$
711,550

Steve Ridge

2024

$
207,692

—

$
420,025

$
8,018

$
635,735

Chief Operating Officer

2023

$
211,154

$
100,000

$
321,375

$
7,067

$
639,596

David Kronenfeld
 Chief Legal Officer

2024

$
260,000

$
100,000

$
35,268

$
8,400

$
403,668

(1)
The amount in this column reflects the amount of base salary
earned for fiscal years 2024 and 2023 to the named executive officers. See “—
 Base Salaries
” below
for more details regarding the named executive officers’ salaries.

(2)
Represents: (i) a sign-on bonus equal to $500,000
paid to Mr. Schneberger on January 2, 2023, (ii) the cash component of the 2023 annual bonuses paid to Messrs. Schneberger
and Ridge and Ms. Simanikas in 2024 for services performed during 2023 and (iii) a bonus equal to $100,000 paid to Mr. Kronenfeld
on December 2, 2024 in recognition of his additional duties and responsibilities following Mr. Schneberger’s departure. The annual
bonuses are further described below in “—
 Annual

Bonuses
”.

(3)
Amount reflects the aggregate grant date fair value of USARE
Incentive Units, computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718 as follows: (i) 750,000 USARE Incentive Units granted Mr. Ridge
during the year ended December 31, 2023 and 923,587 USARE Incentive Units granted Mr. Ridge during the year ended December 31,
2024 and (ii) 75,221 USARE Incentive Units granted to Mr. Kronenfeld during the year ended December 31, 2024. For information
regarding assumptions underlying the valuation of the USARE Incentive Units, see Note 15 to USARE’s consolidated financial
statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. This amount does not correspond to the actual economic value that may be received
by Messrs. Ridge and Kronenfeld from these awards. Each USARE Incentive Unit that was issued and outstanding immediately prior to
the Effective Time, by virtue of the occurrence of the Merger, (x) to the extent the holder of such USARE Incentive Unit was continuously
employed by or providing services to USARE OpCo from the August 21, 2024 through the Effective Time, was automatically deemed to be fully
vested, (y) regardless of such employment or service status, was automatically deemed exchanged or converted (on a cashless basis) into
a fraction of one USARE Class A Unit of USARE in accordance with the terms of such USARE Incentive Unit, the Pre-Closing USARE OpCo OA
and the Second Amended and Restated USA Rare Earth, LLC Incentive Plan and each USARE Class A Unit issued or issuable upon such deemed
exchange or conversion was treated as being issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time and converted into a fractional
share of Common Stock equal to the Exchange Ratio (0.2043578).

58

(4)
For 2023, amounts reflect 401(k) plan matching contributions
under the USA Rare Earth Management Co LLC 401(k) Plan to each of the named executive officers and with respect to Mr. Schneberger,
a housing allowance equal to $60,000. For 2024, amounts reflect 401(k) plan matching contributions under the USA Rare Earth Management
Co LLC 401(k) Plan to each of the named executive officers, other than Mr. Ballard who was not eligible to participate in the
plan in 2024, and with respect to Mr. Schneberger, a housing allowance equal to $20,000. The amounts also reflect severance paid in 2024
as follows: (i) with respect to Mr. Schneberger, company-subsidized COBRA coverage for seven months equal to $9,616
and (ii) with respect to Ms. Simanikas, a separation payment equal to $200,000, company-subsidized COBRA coverage through December 31,
2024 equal to $6,474.29, payout of accrued but unused vacation equal to $17,486.75, transitional/career counseling services equal to
$25,000, and accelerated vesting of 750,000 unvested USARE Incentive Units. The value of the acceleration of Ms. Simanikas’s USARE
Incentive Units is assumed to equal $397,350, which is the difference between $2.26 (i.e., an estimated fair market value of a USARE
Incentive Unit as of December 31, 2024 which may not be a fair market value of a USARE Incentive Unit for other purposes) and the
distribution threshold of $1.7302, multiplied by the 750,000 USARE Incentive Units being accelerated.

(5)
Mr. Ballard was hired as Chief Executive Officer of USARE
OpCo on December 16, 2024.

Narrative to Summary Compensation Table

Departure of Certain Named Executive Officers

While the 2024 and 2023 compensation of Mr. Schneberger
and Ms. Simanikas is disclosed above, their employment was terminated effective May 15, 2024 and March 16, 2024, respectively.
A discussion of the payments and benefits they received in connection with the termination of their employment is discussed below in the
section entitled “
Executive Compensation Arrangements
”.

Base Salaries

The named executive officers received an annual
base salary to compensate them for services rendered to USARE OpCo. The base salary payable to each named executive officer was intended
to provide a fixed component of compensation reflecting the executive’s skill set, experience, role and responsibilities. Mr. Ballard
and Mr. Ridge began employment with USARE OpCo on December 16, 2024 and April 24, 2023, respectively, and therefore, Mr. Ballard’s
2024 base salary and Mr. Ridge’s 2023 base salary were prorated based on their partial year of employment. In 2024, Mr. Schneberger
and Ms. Simanikas were paid base salaries from January 1, 2024 until the termination of their employment effective May 15, 2024
and March 16, 2024, respectively. The actual base salaries earned by USARE OpCo’s named executive officers for services in
2024 and 2023 are set forth above in the Summary Compensation Table in the column entitled “
Salary
”.

Annual Bonuses

USARE OpCo’s named executive officers were
eligible to earn annual bonuses for calendar years 2024 and 2023, as determined in the discretion of the board of managers of USARE
OpCo based its review of USARE OpCo’s performance for the applicable year and each named executive officer’s individual performance
and contributions to the success of USARE.

2023 Annual Bonuses

Ms. Simanikas was paid a minimum annual bonus
equal to 75% of her base salary, as provided in her offer letter. Each of Messrs. Schneberger and Ridge earned a target annual bonus for
2023, equal to 100% of their annual base salary. In 2023, all of the members of USARE OpCo’s leadership team, including Messrs.
Schneberger and Ridge, but excluding Ms. Simanikas, received one-third of their 2023 annual bonus in cash and two-thirds of
their 2023 annual bonus in equity, specifically USARE Incentive Units granted under the USARE OpCo Equity Plan, which is discussed
below. Mr. Schneberger was paid the cash portion of his 2023 annual bonus equal to $216,667 in 2024, but the equity portion of his
2023 annual bonus that was scheduled to be granted in 2024 was not granted due to his resignation effective May 15, 2024. Mr. Ridge
was paid the cash portion of his 2023 annual bonus equal to $100,000 in 2024, and on April 25, 2024, he was awarded 173,587 USARE
Incentive Units for the equity portion of his 2023 annual bonus.

59

The cash portion of the 2023 annual bonuses earned
by the named executive officers is reflected in the Summary Compensation Table in the column entitled “
Bonuses
”. However,
the equity portion of Messrs. Schneberger’s and Ridge’s 2023 annual bonuses were reported in the “
Option Awards
”
column of the Summary Compensation Table for 2024 rather than 2023 since the equity portion of their 2023 annual bonuses were granted
in 2024.

2024 Annual Bonuses

Mr. Ballard was not entitled to an annual
bonus in 2024 since his employment with USARE OpCo commenced on December 16, 2024. Mr. Schneberger and Ms. Simanikas each did
not earn an annual bonus for 2024 due to the termination of their respective employment in 2024.

Each of Messrs. Ridge and Kronenfeld are eligible
for a bonus with respect to their services to USARE OpCo in 2024. The bonuses will be determined in the discretion of the board of managers
of USARE OpCo. However, bonuses for all USARE OpCo employees for 2024 have not been determined as of the date of this Annual Report.

Equity Compensation

Prior to the consummation of the Business Combination,
USARE OpCo maintained the Second Amended and Restated USA Rare Earth, LLC Incentive Plan, as amended (the “
USARE OpCo Equity
Plan
”) in order to provide USARE OpCo’s service providers the opportunity to acquire an equity interest in USARE OpCo. Pursuant
to the USARE OpCo Equity Plan, award agreements thereunder and the Pre-Closing USARE OpCo OA, service providers (including managers, officers,
employees, consultants and other service providers) may be granted USARE Incentive Units (references to incentive units below refer
to USARE Incentive Units).

In connection with the Business Combination, each
USARE Incentive Unit awarded under the USARE OpCo Equity Plan: (i) became fully vested if the holder remained employed through the
Closing Date, (ii) was deemed exchanged or converted (on a cashless basis) into a number of USARE Class A Units equal to
the number of USARE Incentive Units covered by the award multiplied by an exchange ratio based on the in-the-money value of
the USARE Incentive Units determined in accordance with the Business Combination Agreement and (iii) after such deemed exchange
or conversion, be cancelled and converted into the Per Unit Base Consideration and the right to receive, subject to the vesting conditions,
a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Per Unit Earn-out Consideration. New USARE is expected to grant equity awards in
the discretion of the board of directors pursuant to the USARE Incentive Plan.

Mr. Schneberger was awarded 2,000,000 incentive
units on December 1, 2022, and Mr. Ridge was awarded 750,000 incentive units on April 19, 2023. The distribution thresholds
applicable to these awards were reduced from $3.2706 to $1.7302, then the awards were subsequently cancelled on December 28, 2023.

On December 1, 2022, in connection with Tom
Schneberger’s commencement of employment, he was awarded 917,263 USARE Class A Units pursuant to an award agreement and
the Pre-Closing USARE OpCo OA. The units were scheduled to vest in one-third increments on each of January 2, 2024, 2025
and 2026, subject to his continued employment through the applicable vesting dates. Effective November 8, 2023, the vesting schedule
was amended such that 611,509 units were scheduled to vest on January 2, 2025 and 305,754 units were scheduled to vest
on January 2, 2026, subject to his continued employment through the applicable vesting dates. However, the modification to the vesting
schedule did not result in any incremental fair value (within the meaning of FASB ASC Topic 718), and accordingly, no value was reported
in the Summary Compensation Table due to the change to the vesting schedule. Effective May 15, 2024, and in connection with Mr. Schneberger’s
resignation and retirement, the units were forfeited.

On August 31, 2022, Mr. Kronenfeld was
awarded 750,000 USARE Incentive Units with a distribution threshold of $1.7302 in connection with his commencement of employment with
USARE OpCo. The award vested in increments of 250,000 incentive units on each of March 22, 2022, 2023 and 2024; accordingly,
the award is fully vested.

Mr. Ridge was awarded 173,587 USARE Incentive
Units on April 25, 2024 with a distribution threshold of $0.29, representing the equity portion of his 2023 annual bonus. Such USARE
Incentive Units were fully vested on May 31, 2024. In addition, Mr. Ridge was awarded 750,000 USARE Incentive Units on April 26,
2024. Such USARE Incentive Units have a distribution threshold equal to $1.7302, and 500,000 of the USARE Incentive Units vested on May 31,
2024 and 250,000 of the USARE Incentive Units will vest on April 24, 2025, subject to his continued employment through the vesting
date. Mr. Kronenfeld was awarded 75,221 USARE Incentive Units on May 13, 2024 with a distribution threshold of $0.29, representing
the equity portion of his 2023 annual bonus. Such USARE Incentive Units were fully vested on June 15, 2024. The USARE Incentive Units
granted to Messrs. Ridge and Kronenfeld are reported in the “
Option Award
” column of the Summary Compensation Table
for 2024.

60

Other Elements of Compensation

Retirement Plans

Our employees, including our named executive officers,
are eligible to participate in our 401(k) Plan (the “
401(k) Plan
”). Our executive officers are eligible to
participate in the 401(k) Plan on the same terms and conditions as other full-time employees, subject to the terms and eligibility
requirements of the plan. The Internal Revenue Code allows eligible employees to defer a portion of their compensation, within prescribed
limits, on a pre-tax basis through contributions to the 401(k) Plan. Currently, we make safe harbor matching contributions to
the 401(k) Plan equal to 100% of employee contributions not in excess of 1% of their compensation and 50% of employee contributions
not in excess of 6% of their compensation, and these matching contributions are fully vested as of the date on which the contribution
is made. We believe that providing a vehicle for tax-deferred retirement savings through our 401(k) Plan, and making matching
contributions, adds to the overall desirability of our executive compensation package and further incentivizes our employees, including
our named executive officers, in accordance with our compensation policies.

Employee Benefits and Perquisites

All of our full-time employees, including
our named executive officers, are eligible to participate in our health and welfare plans, including:

●
medical, dental and vision benefits;

●
life insurance; and

●
short-term and long-term disability insurance.

We believe the health and welfare benefits described
above are necessary and appropriate to provide a competitive compensation package to our named executive officers.

We do not maintain any executive-specific benefits
or perquisites for our named executive officers, other than Mr. Schneberger’s housing allowance described above in the Summary
Compensation Table.

No Tax Gross-Ups

We do not make gross-up payments to cover
our named executive officers’ personal income taxes that may pertain to any of the compensation or perquisites paid or provided
by our company.

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End

The following table summarizes the number of incentive
units awarded under the USARE OpCo Equity Plan for each named executive officer outstanding as of December 31, 2024, prior to their
conversion into our Common Stock.

Option
Awards
(1)

Stock Awards

Name

Grant Date

Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Exercisable (#)

Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Unexercisable (#)

Option Exercise Price ($)

Option Expiration Date

Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (#)

Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested ($)

Joshua Ballard
(2)

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

Effie Simanikas

08 /31/2022
(3)

2,250,000

—

—

—

—

—

Steve Ridge

04 /25/2024
(4)

173,587

—

—

—

—

—

04 /26/2024
(5)

500,000

250,000

—

—

—

—

David Kronenfeld

08 /31/2022
(6)

—

—

—

—

—

—

05/13/2024
(7)

75,221

—

—

—

—

—

(1)

Amounts reported as “Option Awards” reflect grants of incentive units under the USARE OpCo Equity Plan that were outstanding as of December 31, 2024. Despite the fact that the incentive units do not require the payment of an exercise price and have no expiration date, they are economically similar to stock options because they obtain value only as the value of the underlying security rises above its grant date value (referred to as the “distribution threshold”). As such, they are classified as “options” under the definition provided in Item 402(a)(6)(i) of Regulation S-K as an instrument with an “option-like feature” and reported in this table as option awards. Incentive units granted prior to February 10, 2024 were intended to constitute profits interests for Federal income tax purposes. However, in connection with USARE OpCo’s conversion from a partnership to a corporation in 2024, which is discussed above, incentive units ceased to be profits interests for Federal income tax purposes. Each USARE Incentive Unit that was issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, by virtue of the occurrence of the Merger, (x) to the extent the holder of such USARE Incentive Unit was continuously employed by or providing services to USARE OpCo from the August 21, 2024 through the Effective Time, was automatically deemed to be fully vested, (y) regardless of such employment or service status, was automatically deemed exchanged or converted (on a cashless basis) into a fraction of one USARE Class A Unit of USARE in accordance with the terms of such USARE Incentive Unit, the Pre-Closing USARE OpCo OA and the Second Amended and Restated USA Rare Earth, LLC Incentive Plan and each USARE Class A Unit issued or issuable upon such deemed exchange or conversion was treated as being issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time and converted into a fractional share of Common Stock equal to the Exchange Ratio (0.2043578).

61

(2)
Mr. Ballard has not been granted any equity in USARE OpCo
in connection with the commencement of his employment with USARE OpCo. However, as discussed below, his employment agreement provides
for the grant of restricted stock units and performance stock units of New USARE in connection with the consummation of the Business
Combination. This award has not yet been made.

(3)
Represents 2,250,000 USARE Incentive Units awarded to Ms. Simanikas
with a distribution threshold of $1.7302. The award was scheduled to vest as to 750,000 incentive units on each of January 31, 2023,
2024 and 2025, subject to her continued employment through the applicable vesting date. However, the award became fully vested in connection
with Ms. Simanikas’s termination of employment on March 16, 2024.

(4)
Represents 173,587 USARE Incentive Units awarded to Mr. Ridge
on April 25, 2024 with a distribution threshold of $0.29. The award became fully vested on May 31, 2024.

(5)
Represents 750,000 USARE Incentive Units awarded to Mr. Ridge
on April 26, 2024 with a distribution threshold equal to $1.7302. 500,000 of the USARE Incentive Units vested on May 31, 2024,
and 250,000 of the USARE Incentive Units will vest on April 24, 2025, subject to his continued employment through the vesting date.
However, the USARE Incentive Units will become fully vested in connection with the Closing.

(6)
Represents 750,000 USARE Incentive Units awarded to Mr. Kronenfeld
on August 31, 2022 with a distribution threshold of $1.7302. The award vested in increments of 250,000 USARE Incentive Units on
each of March 22, 2022, 2023 and 2024 and is now fully vested.

(7)
Represents 75,221 USARE Incentive Units awarded to Mr. Kronenfeld
on May 13, 2024 with a distribution threshold of $0.29. The award became fully vested on June 15, 2024.

Executive Compensation Arrangements

USARE OpCo and Tom Schneberger entered into an
executive employment agreement, dated November 4, 2022. Pursuant to the agreement, Mr. Schneberger was paid an annual base salary
of $650,000, a sign on bonus of $500,000 and a housing allowance equal to $5,000 per month. He was eligible for an annual bonus based
on the achievement of USARE OpCo’s and his performance, with performance targets established by the board of managers of USARE OpCo
in consultation with Mr. Schneberger. His target annual bonus was 100% of base salary, with a maximum annual bonus of 200% of base
salary. The annual bonus was paid on or prior to March 31 of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the performance
was measured, subject to his employment on the payment date. In addition, Mr. Schneberger was awarded 2,000,000 USARE Incentive Units and
917,263 USARE Class A Units in connection with his commencement of employment with USARE, as described above. On termination
of his employment by USARE OpCo without “cause” and subject to his execution of a release of claims, he was entitled to certain
severance payments and benefits, including continued payment of base salary for 12 months, a target bonus equal to 100% of base salary,
continuation of certain employee benefits for 12 months and accelerated vesting of equity incentive grants to the next anniversary
of the effective date of the agreement. However, effective May 15, 2024, Mr. Schneberger resigned and retired from USARE OpCo
and entered into a Separation and Release Agreement pursuant to which he was entitled to company-subsidized COBRA coverage until
December 31, 2024 and he waived any other severance entitlements in his employment agreement. The Separation and Release Agreement
also modified the post-termination restrictive covenants contained in his employment agreement, such that there is no covenant not
to compete, but Mr. Schneberger is prohibited from diverting USARE OpCo’s business or soliciting its customers for 12 months
following his resignation and retirement.

62

For purposes of Mr. Schneberger’s employment
agreement, “cause” generally means conviction of, or plea of nolo contendere to, a felony crime involving deceit, dishonesty
or fraud, fraud on or misappropriation of any funds or property of USARE OpCo or customers or vendors personal dishonesty or breach of
fiduciary duty which involves personal profit and damage to USARE OpCo, willful misconduct in connection with his duties or willful failure
to perform his responsibilities, material and repeat violation of any USARE OpCo rule, regulation, procedure or policy or breach of any
provision of any employment, non-disclosure, non-competition, non-solicitation or other similar agreement, subject to certain notice
and cure rights.

USARE OpCo and Effie Simanikas entered into an
offer letter, dated January 28, 2022. Pursuant to the offer letter, Ms. Simanikas was paid an annual base salary of $400,000.
She was eligible for an annual bonus based on the achievement of certain performance targets, with a minimum annual bonus of 75% of base
salary, a target annual bonus of 100% of base salary and a maximum annual bonus of 200% of base salary. The performance targets were established
by the board of managers of USARE OpCo in consultation with Ms. Simanikas. The annual bonus was paid prior to February 28 of the
calendar year following the calendar year in which the performance was measured. The offer letter provided for accelerated vesting of
50% of the unvested incentive units on certain involuntary terminations of employment and 100% of the unvested incentive units in connection
with a termination by USARE OpCo without “cause” within nine months prior to, or 18 months after, a change in control
or change in the composition of the board of managers of USARE OpCo. The offer letter was amended, effective August 31, 2022, to
provide for accelerated vesting of her unvested USARE Incentive Units generally if USARE OpCo became a public company. However, all
of Ms. Simanikas’s unvested USARE Incentive Units became vested in connection with her termination of employment, as described
below. On termination of her employment by USARE OpCO without “cause”, due to a change in control or a change in the composition
of the board of managers of USARE OpCo or by Ms. Simanikas for “good reason”, she was entitled to certain severance payments
and benefits, including 12 months of base salary plus two months of base salary for each year of employment up to a maximum
of 24 months (the “
Severance Period
”), a bonus equal to base salary for the number of months in the Severance
Period, a prorated bonus for the year of termination, USARE’s payment of COBRA coverage during the Severance Period, 12 months
of transitional/career counseling services up to a maximum of $50,000 and vesting of any unvested employer contributions to the 401(k) Plan.
However, effective March 16, 2024, Ms. Simanikas’s employment was terminated and USARE OpCo and Ms. Simanikas entered into
a Separation and Release Agreement which provided for severance as follows in lieu of the severance provided in her offer letter: (i) a
separation payment of $200,000, (ii) a lump sum payment equal to $6,474.29 representing the cost of COBRA coverage through December 31,
2024, (iii) accelerated vesting of 750,000 USARE Incentive Units, (iv) 12 months of transitional/career counseling services
up to a maximum of $50,000, (v) payout of accrued but unused vacation, and (vi) accelerated vesting of any unvested 401(k) Plan
matching contributions since the 401(k) Plan was amended to provide that all participants vest in matching contributions after two years
of service. The Separation and Release Agreement also modified the post-termination restrictive covenants contained in the offer
letter, such that there is no covenant not to compete, but Ms. Simanikas is prohibited from diverting USARE OpCo business or soliciting
its customers for 12 months following her termination.

For purposes of Ms. Simanikas’s offer letter,
“cause” generally means wrongful misappropriation of USARE OpCo’s assets, a physical or mental impairment that renders
Ms. Simanikas incapable of performing the essential functions of her position with reasonable accommodations for longer than six months
unless due to an on-the-job injury, her conviction of, or pleading guilty or no contest to, a felony, intentionally causing USARE
OpCo to violate a law, willful refusal to comply with a proper policy or directive or decision of USARE OpCo or willful refusal to perform
her duties, subject to certain notice and cure rights. “Good reason” generally means a material reduction in duties and/or
no longer serving as the Chief Financial Officer or equivalent or USARE OpCo’s failure to cure a breach.

USARE OpCo and Steve Ridge entered into an offer
letter, dated March 17, 2023. Pursuant to the offer letter, he was paid an annual base salary of $300,000 and he was eligible for
an annual bonus equal to 100% of his base salary, based on the achievement of annual performance goals. No severance is payable on termination
of employment. In addition, Mr. Ridge was awarded 750,000 USARE Incentive Units in connection with his commencement of employment
with USARE OpCo as described above. In connection with a change in Mr. Ridge’s role, his offer letter was amended, effective
May 14, 2024, to reduce his base salary to $150,000, to provide eligibility for a bonus of $300,000 for the completion of an economically
and technically feasible flow sheet and a bonus of $300,000 for completion of a funding of the first line of the magnet project via sale,
strategic partnership, customer prepay, or other means, and to remove the covenant not to compete contained in his offer letter.

63

USARE OpCo and David Kronenfeld entered into an
offer letter, dated March 14, 2021. Pursuant to the offer letter, Mr. Kronenfeld is paid an annual base salary and he is eligible
for an annual bonus with a target equal to 50% of his base salary, based on the achievement of performance goals. In addition, Mr. Kronenfeld
was awarded 750,000 USARE Incentive Units in connection with his commencement of employment with USARE, as described above. The offer
letter provided for a potential tax gross-up if there was a delay in the grant of his incentive units and certain other conditions
were met; however, the conditions to receive the gross-up no longer apply and therefore, no gross-up is payable. No severance
is payable on termination of employment, but a 30-day notice period is required to terminate the agreement. The offer letter contains
a covenant not to compete and a covenant not to solicit employees or contractors, each effective for two years after his termination
of employment. USARE OpCo and Mr. Kronenfeld entered into an addendum to his offer letter, dated November 6, 2024. The addendum,
among other things, provides that he will receive (i) a bonus equal to $100,000 in recognition of his additional duties and responsibilities
following Mr. Schneberger’s departure, which was paid on December 2, 2024 and (ii) upon successful completion of
the de-SPAC transaction and completion of certain tasks outlined in the addendum, a bonus equal to $100,000 and a grant of restricted
stock units (“
RSUs
”) with a gross value of $200,000.

CEO Employment Agreement

USARE OpCo and Joshua Ballard entered into an
employment agreement, dated December 16, 2024 pursuant to which he was employed as the Chief Executive Officer of USARE OpCo. 

Mr. Ballard is entitled to certain compensation
and benefits pursuant to the agreement, including (i) an annual base salary of $450,000, (ii) commencing in calendar year 2025,
eligibility for an annual bonus based on the achievement of performance targets established by the USARE OpCo board of managers, with
a target opportunity of 100% of his base salary and a maximum payout of 150% of his base salary and (iii) temporary corporate housing
until USARE’s permanent headquarters is established. In addition, while the Chief Executive Officer, he will be nominated for the
USARE Board. As soon as reasonably practical following the Closing, USARE will recommend to the Board of New USARE that he be granted
150,000 RSUs that vest in one-third increments on each of the Closing and the second and third anniversaries of the effective date
of the agreement, subject to his continued employment through the vesting dates, and 150,000 performance stock units (“
PSUs
”)
that vest based on the attainment of performance goal and his continued employment through the vesting dates. The RSUs and PSUs will be
granted under the USARE Incentive Plan and will be subject to the terms of the USARE Incentive Plan and an individual award agreement.

If Mr. Ballard’s employment is terminated
by USARE without “cause” or by Mr. Ballard for “good reason” on or before December 31, 2025, then in
addition to certain accrued amounts, he is entitled to the following severance, subject to his execution of a release of claims and continued
compliance with certain restrictive covenants: continued payment of his base salary for 12 months following termination, payment
of any earned but unpaid annual bonus, reimbursement of the monthly premium for coverage under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation
Act (COBRA) for six months and vesting of any unvested PSUs based on actual achievement of the performance goals through the termination
date. Any unvested RSUs and PSUs will be forfeited. Mr. Ballard will be eligible for severance under a change of control and severance
plan to be established by New USARE (the “
Severance Plan
”), provided that he will receive the higher of the severance
either under the Severance Plan or his employment agreement, but not both. The employment agreement contains restrictive covenants, including
a non-solicitation covenants effective for 12 months following termination of employment. For purposes of Mr. Ballard’s
employment agreement, “cause” generally means, subject to certain notice and cure rights: (A) conviction of, or plea
of nolo contendere to, a felony crime involving deceit, dishonesty or fraud; (B) embezzlement, theft, fraud or misappropriation of
any funds or property of New USARE or any subsidiary or any affiliate, customer or vendor of New USARE or any subsidiary; (C) personal
dishonesty or material breach of fiduciary duty that involves personal profit or damage to New USARE or any affiliate; (D) misconduct
in connection with his duties or failure to perform his responsibilities as reasonably directed by New USARE (other than as a result of
disability); (E) material and repeat violation of any company rule, regulation, procedure or policy; (F) refusal to perform
his duties and responsibilities as reasonably directed by our board of directors; (G) use of alcohol or drugs that substantially
interferes with his ability to perform his duties; (H) any act or omission intended to harm or damage the business, property, operations,
financial condition or reputation of New USARE or any of its affiliates; or (I) breach of any provision of any employment, non-disclosure,
non-competition, non-solicitation or other similar agreement. “Good reason” generally means the occurrence of any of
the following events without his prior written consent and subject to certain notice and cure rights: (A) material diminution in
his base salary or annual bonus opportunity, other than a reduction of up to 10% in connection with a reduction that applies to all similarly
situated executives; (B) material diminution in his authorities, duties or responsibilities; (C) reporting to a person other
than our board of directors; (D) material breach by New USARE of the employment agreement; or (E) failure to issue the RSUs
or PSUs by the 90-day anniversary of the Closing.

64

New Equity Incentive Plan

Effective as of March 13, 2025, New USARE adopted
the USARE Incentive Plan under which New USARE may grant equity and equity-based incentive awards to officers, employees, non-employee
directors and consultants.

Certain employees, directors, officers, advisors
or consultants of New USARE or its affiliates are eligible to participate in the USARE Incentive Plan. The USARE Incentive Plan is administered
by the Compensation Committee, subject to the limitations imposed under the USARE Incentive Plan and applicable laws. The Compensation
Committee generally has the authority to designate participants, determine the type or types of awards to be granted to a participant,
determine the terms and conditions of any agreements evidencing any awards granted under the USARE Incentive Plan, accelerate the vesting
or exercisability of, payment for or lapse of restrictions on, awards and to adopt, alter and repeal rules, guidelines and practices relating
to the USARE Incentive Plan. The Compensation Committee has full discretion to administer and interpret the USARE Incentive Plan and to
make any other determinations and/or take any other action that it deems necessary or desirable for the administration of the USARE Incentive
Plan, and any such determinations or actions taken by the Compensation Committee are final, conclusive and binding upon all persons and
entities. The Compensation Committee may delegate to one or more officers of New USARE or any affiliate the authority to act on behalf
of the Compensation Committee with respect to any matter, right, obligation or election that is the responsibility of or that is allocated
to the Compensation Committee in the USARE Incentive Plan and that may be so delegated as a matter of law, except for grants of awards
to persons subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act.

New USARE has reserved a total of 13,000,000 shares
of shares of stock for issuance pursuant to the USARE Incentive Plan and the maximum number of shares that may be issued pursuant to the
exercise of incentive stock options granted under the USARE Incentive Plan is 13,000,000, in each case, subject to certain adjustments
set forth therein.

Manager and Director Compensation

Individuals who served as managers of USARE OpCo
during fiscal 2024, including those who serve as directors of New USARE, did not receive compensation for their service as managers, other
than former manager Ted Senko. Mr. Senko received a board service retainer of $50,000 in 2024.

Name

Fees Earned or
 Paid in Cash
 ($)

Total
 ($)

Ted Senko

$
50,000

$
50,000

In connection with the consummation of the Business
Combination, we approved an initial compensation program for our non-employee directors that consists of annual cash retainer fees which
are described below.

Cash Compensation:

●
Annual Retainer: $60,000

●
Annual Committee Chair Retainer:

o
Audit: $20,000

o
Compensation: $15,000

o
Nominating and Corporate Governance: $10,000

●
Annual Committee Member (Non-Chair) Retainer:

o
Audit: $10,000

o
Compensation: $7,500

o
Nominating and Corporate Governance: $5,000

We intend to long-term a fulsome director compensation
program that includes both the cash retainer fees described above and long-term equity awards.

Equity Grant Procedures

The Company’s compensation committee will approve equity awards for our named executive officers on or before
the date of grant. The Company does not permit the timed disclosure of material non-public information for the purpose of affecting the
value of executive compensation.

65

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
and Related Shareholder Matters.

The following table
sets forth beneficial ownership of Common Stock and Series A Preferred Stock as of March 28, 2025 by:

●

each person who was named as our executive officer or director, and all of our executive officers and directors as a group; and

●

each person who is a beneficial owner of more than 5% of a class of our equity securities.

The information below
is based on an aggregate of 81,952,420 shares of Common Stock, and 5,233,834 shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued and
outstanding as of the consummation of the Business Combination. Beneficial ownership is determined according to the rules of the
SEC, which generally provide that a person has beneficial ownership of a security if he, she, or it possesses sole or shared voting
or investment power over that security, including preferred stock and warrants that are convertible or currently exercisable or
convertible or exercisable within 60 days. In the table below, shares issuable upon the conversion of shares of Series A Preferred
Stock and the exercise of Series A Preferred Investor Warrants New USARE Warrants that are currently exercisable or exercisable
within 60 days of the Effective Time are considered outstanding and beneficially owned by the person holding such Series A Preferred
Stock, Series A Preferred Investor Warrants and/or New USARE Warrants for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of that
person but are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. Accordingly,
percentages presented in the table may not sum to 100%.

Directors and Executive Officers of New USARE 
(1)

Number of
 shares of
 Common
 Stock

%

Number of
 shares of
 Series A
 Preferred
 Stock

%

Total
 Voting 
 %

Joshua Ballard

—

—

—

—

—

Michael Blitzer
(2)(7)

16,033,607

17.5
%

1,915,960

36.6
%

9.4
%

Mordechai Gutnick
(5)

13,671,026

16.7
%

—

—

15.7
%

Paul Kern

163,125

*

—

—

*

David Kronenfeld

69,397

*

—

—

*

Steve Ridge

66,162

*

—

—

*

Otto Schwethelm

—

—

—

—

—

Michael Senft

—

—

—

—

—

Tready Smith
(3)

15,528,008

18.9
%

—

—

17.8
%

Carolyn Trabuco

—

—

—

—

—

Christopher Boling

—

—

—

—

—

All officers and directors as a group (10 individuals)

45,531,325

49.6
%

1,915,960

36.6
%

43.2
%

Five Percent Holders

Inflection Point Holdings II LLC
(2)

12,250,000

13.9
%

—

—

7.2
%

U.S. Trading Metals RE, LLC
(4)

4,511,927

5.5
%

—

—

5.2
%

The DinSha Dynasty Trust
(6)

4,406,545

5.4
%

—

—

5.1
%

Inflection Point Fund I, LP
(7)

3,194,280

3.8
%

1,504,942

28.8
%

1.7
%

Newtyn Management, LLC
(8)

3,709,030

4.4
%

1,544,792

29.5
%

2.6
%

Bowon M&P Co., Ltd.
(9)

1,595,980

1.9
%

733,872

14.0
%

*

Alto Opportunity Master Fund, SPC – Segregated Master Portfolio B
(10)

980,392

1.2
%

490,196

9.4
%

*

*

Less than one percent

(1)

Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each person is 100 W Airport Road, Stillwater, Oklahoma 74075, c/o USARE.

66

(2)

Consists of (i) 6,250,000 shares of Common Stock held by the Sponsor, (ii) 6,000,000 shares of Common Stock underlying 6,000,000 New USARE Warrants held by the Sponsor. Mr. Blitzer is the sole managing member of Inflection Point Holdings II LLC and holds voting and investment discretion with respect to the ordinary shares held of record by Infection Point Holdings II LLC. Mr. Blitzer disclaims any beneficial ownership of the securities held by the Sponsor, other than to the extent of any pecuniary interest he may have therein, directly or indirectly.

(3)

Consists of: 11,792,046 shares held of record by Bayshore Rare Earths II, LLC, and Ms. Smith is the beneficial owner of such shares; 3,652,121 shares held of record by Bayshore Rare Earths, LLC, and Ms. Smith is the beneficial owner of such shares; 37,669 shares held of record by Tready Smith Revocable Trust and beneficially owned by Ms. Smith; and 60,825 shares held of record by Ms. Smith’s husband Thayer Smith, with respect to which shares Ms. Smith shares voting and dispositive control. The address for Bayshore Rare Earths II, LLC, Bayshore Rare Earths, LLC, and Ms. Smith is 1700 S. MacDill Avenue, Suite 340, Tampa, Florida 33629.

(4)

The address for U.S. Trading Metals RE, LLC (“
US Trading Metals
”) is 767 5
th
 Avenue, 6
th
 Floor-Water B, New York City, NY 10153. The Company was informed by US Trading Metals that it is the beneficial owner of the shares held of record by it. The Company has reason to believe that US Trading Metals may be beneficially owned by Steven Rosenfeld.

(5)

Consists of 13,842,710 shares held of record by The Critical Minerals Trust, of which Mordechai Gutnick is the trustee. Mr. Gutnick is the sole beneficial owner of such shares. The address for Mr. Gutnick is 100 W Airport Road, Stillwater, Oklahoma 74075, c/o USARE.

(6)

The address for The DinSha Dynasty Trust (the “
DinSha Trust
”) is 607 Patten Avenue, Long Branch, NJ 07740. The Company was informed by the DinSha Trust that (i) it is the beneficial owner of the shares held of record by it, (ii) the grantor of the trust is Stewart Kleiner (but he is not a trustee or beneficiary), (iii) the trust is an irrevocable trust and (iv) the trustees of the trust are Kerry (Gottlieb) Silverstrom, Shana Kleiner and Dina Kleiner. Each of the trustees may be deemed to beneficially own the shares held by the DinSha Trust.

(7)

Consists of (i) 1,504,942 shares of Series A Preferred Stock held by Inflection Point Fund, (ii) 1,504,942 shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of 1,504,942 shares of Series A Preferred Stock held by Inflection Point Fund, at the initial conversion price and excluding any accrued and unpaid payment-in-kind dividends and (ii) 1,689,338 shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of Series A Preferred Investor Warrants by Inflection Point Fund at Closing. Inflection Point Asset Management LLC and Inflection Point GP I LLC are the investment manager and general partner, respectively, of Inflection Point Fund. Mr. Blitzer controls each of Inflection Point Fund, Inflection Point Asset Management LLC and Inflection Point GP I LLC, including the exercise of voting and investment discretion over the securities held or to be held by Inflection Point Fund. Mr. Blitzer disclaims any beneficial ownership of the securities held by the Sponsor, Inflection Point Fund, Inflection Point Asset Management LLC and Inflection Point GP I LLC other than to the extent of any pecuniary interest he may have therein, directly or indirectly.

(8)

According to a Schedule 13G filed on January 7, 2025, consist of (i) 426,300 shares of Common Stock held by Newtyn TE Partners, LP, a Delaware limited partnership, less 4,477 shares of Common Stock Newtyn TE Partners, LP notified us it sold subsequent to such date (ii) 273,700 shares of Common Stock held by Newtyn Partners, LP, a Delaware limited partnership (collectively, the “
Newtyn Entities
”), less 2,873 shares of Common Stock Newtyn TE Partners, LP notified us it sold subsequent to such date, (iii) 954,048 shares of Series A Preferred Stock held by Newtyn TE Partners, LP, (iv) 954,048 shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of 954,048 shares of Series A Preferred Stock held by Newtyn TE Partners, LP, at the initial conversion price and excluding any accrued and unpaid payment-in-kind dividends, (v) 590,734 shares of Series A Preferred Stock held by Newtyn Partners, LP, (vi) 590,734 shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of 590,734 shares of Series A Preferred Stock held by Newtyn Partners, LP, at the initial conversion price and excluding any accrued and unpaid payment-in-kind dividends, (vii) 907,549 shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of a Series A Preferred Investor Warrant issued to Newtyn TE Partners, LP at Closing and (viii) 563,039 shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of a Series A Preferred Investor Warrant issued to Newtyn Partners, LP at Closing. Newtyn Management, LLC as the investment manager to the Newtyn Entities may be deemed to beneficially own the securities owned by the Newtyn Entities. The principal business address of Newtyn Management, LLC and the Newtyn Entities is 60 East 42
nd
 Street, 9
th
 Floor, New York, NY 10165.

(9)

The address for Bowon M&P Co., Ltd. (“
Bowon
”) is 15F, Kwangil Plaza, 331, Gangnam-daero, Seocho-gu, Seoul Korea 06627. The Company was informed by Bowon that the beneficial owner of the shares held of record by Bowon is Mr. Kwangshik Ma.

(10)

Consists of (i) 490,196 shares of Series A Preferred Stock, (ii) 490,196 shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of 490,196 shares of Series A Preferred Stock at the initial exercise price and excluding any accrued and unpaid payment-in-kind dividends and (iii) 490,196 shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of a Series A Preferred Investor Warrant. Waqas Khatri, as the managing member of Ayrton Capital LLC, the investment manager of Alto Opportunity Master Fund, SPC – Segregated Master Portfolio B, may be deemed to share beneficial ownership of the reported securities. The address for Alto Opportunity Master Fund is c/o Ayrton Capital, 55 Post Road West, 2nd Floor Westport, Connecticut 06880. 

67

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director
Independence

Inflection Point Related Person Transactions

Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants

In March 2023, Inflection Point Holdings II
LLC, the Sponsor, paid $25,000, or approximately $0.004 per share, to cover certain of Inflection Point’s offering costs in exchange
for 5,750,000 Class B ordinary shares of Inflection Point. Subsequently on May 24, 2023, Inflection Point effected a share recapitalization
with respect to the Class B ordinary shares, as a result of which the Sponsor then held 6,325,000 Class B ordinary shares. As a result
of the underwriters’ election to partially exercise their over-allotment option on May 30, 2023, 75,000 Class B ordinary
shares were forfeited resulting in the Sponsor holding 6,250,000 Class B ordinary shares. On November 18, 2024, pursuant to the terms
of Inflection Point’s governing documents, the Sponsor elected to convert 6,200,000 outstanding Class B ordinary shares held by
it on a one-for-one basis into Class A ordinary shares of Inflection Point, resulting in the Sponsor owning an aggregate of 6,250,000
ordinary shares, consisting of 6,200,000 Class A ordinary shares and 50,000 Class B ordinary shares. On March 12, 2025, the remaining
50,000 Class B ordinary shares converted into Class A ordinary shares, and immediately thereafter all 6,250,000 Class A ordinary shares
converted into 6,250,000 shares of Common Stock upon the Domestication prior to the closing of the Business Combination.

Pursuant to the letter agreements dated May 24,
2023, the Sponsor and Inflection Point’s officers and directors agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Class B ordinary
shares and any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion thereof until the earlier to occur of: (i) one year after the
completion of the initial business combination, or (ii) the date on which Inflection Point (or its successor) completes a liquidation,
merger, share exchange or other similar transaction after the initial business combination that results in all of Inflection Point’s
shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property; except to certain
permitted transferees and under certain circumstances (the lock-up). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if (1) the closing price of Class A
ordinary shares equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the initial
business combination or (2) if Inflection Point (or its successor) consummates a transaction after the initial business combination
which results in Inflection Point’s shareholders having the right to exchange their shares for cash, securities or other property,
the covered shares will be released from the lock-up.

The Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 6,000,000
private placement warrants, simultaneously with the initial closing of the IPO, at a price of $1.00 per private placement warrant, or
$6,000,000 in the aggregate. Each private placement warrant was exercisable for one Class A ordinary share of Inflection Point and is
now exercisable for one share of Common Stock, at a price of $11.50 per share (subject to adjustment).

In connection with the Business Combination,
the lock-up provisions of the letter agreement entered into by the Sponsor was superseded by a lock-up agreement, dated as of March
13, 2025, by and between the Company and the Sponsor (the “
Sponsor Lock-Up Agreement
”), pursuant to which the
Sponsor and its permitted assigns will agree not to, without the prior written consent of our board of directors, prior to the date that
is six months after the Closing Date (the “
Initial Common Stock Lock-up Period
”), (i) sell, offer to
sell, contract or agree to sell, hypothecate, pledge, grant any option to purchase or otherwise dispose of or agree to dispose of, directly
or indirectly, (a) any shares of Common Stock the Sponsor received upon conversion of its founder shares in connection with the
Domestication (the “
Sponsor Lock-Up Shares
”), (ii) enter into any swap or other transfer arrangement in
respect of the Sponsor Lock-Up Shares or (iii) take any other similar actions (the actions specified in the foregoing clauses
(i) through (iii), collectively, “
Transfer
”). The Sponsor and its permitted assigns will also agree not to, prior
to the date that is one (1) year after the Closing Date (the “
Second Common Stock Lock-Up Period
”), Transfer
more than 50% of the Sponsor Lock-Up Shares in each case, without the prior written consent of our board of directors. In addition,
the Sponsor will agree to not Transfer any warrants of New USARE received upon conversion of private placement warrants in connection
with the Domestication (or the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of such warrants of Inflection Point, prior to the date
that is 30 days after the Closing Date. The Sponsor Lock-Up Agreement provides for certain permitted transfers, including but
not limited to, transfers to certain affiliates or family members, transfers of shares acquired on the open market after the consummation
of the Business Combination, subject to certain conditions, and the exercise of certain stock options and warrants.

68

Related Party Loans

On March 7, 2023, the Sponsor agreed to loan
Inflection Point up to $300,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of the IPO. The loan is non-interest bearing, unsecured
and was due at the earlier of December 31, 2023 or the closing of the IPO. The outstanding balance of $179,665 was repaid at
the closing of the IPO on May 30, 2023.

On August 13, 2024, to document existing
and future Working Capital Loans, Inflection Point issued the Convertible Promissory Note to Michael Blitzer, Inflection Point’s
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to which Inflection Point may borrow up to $2,500,000 from Mr. Blitzer, related to
ongoing expenses reasonably related to the business of the Company and the consummation of the Business Combination. As of the date of
this Annual Report, No amounts were outstanding under the Convertible Promissory Note and the Convertible Promissory Note has been terminated.

Arrangements for Forgiveness of Convertible
Promissory Note

On August 21, 2024, pursuant to the securities
purchase agreement, dated August 21, 2024, by and between USARE OpCO and Mr. Blitzer, USARE OpCo issued 122,549 USARE Class A-2 Convertible
Preferred Units of USARE OpCo (excluding accrued and unpaid payment-in-kind interest) and a warrant to purchase up to 31,250 USARE
Class A Units in exchange for Mr. Blitzer’s forgiveness of the remaining 50% of the then-outstanding balance of the Convertible
Promissory Note at Closing. Such 122,549 USARE Class A-2 Convertible Preferred Units (including accrued and unpaid payment-in-kind interest)
and warrant to purchase up to 31,250 USARE Class A Units converted into 131,048 shares of Series A Preferred Stock (the “
Blitzer
Conversion Preferred Shares
”) and a Series A Preferred Investor Warrant to purchase 31,250 shares of Common Stock upon the closing
of the Business Combination.

On August 21, 2024, pursuant to the securities
purchase agreement, dated August 21, 2024 (the “
Blitzer Series A SPA
”), by and among Inflection Point, USARE OpCo and
Mr. Blitzer, Inflection Point agreed to issue at Closing, 104,167 shares of Series A Preferred Stock ($1,250,000 in Stated Value)
to Mr. Blitzer in exchange for his forgiveness of 50% of the then-outstanding balance of the Convertible Promissory Note at
Closing. On January 22, 2025, Inflection Point, Mr. Blitzer and USARE amended the Blitzer Series A SPA to provide that Inflection
Point will issue to Mr. Blitzer, at Closing, a number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock equal to the number of Blitzer Conversion
Preferred Shares (rather than a fixed 104,167 shares) in exchange for his forgiveness of 50% of the then-outstanding balance
of the Convertible Promissory Note. The number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued at the Closing of the Business Combination
pursuant to the Blitzer Series A SPA was 131,048

Services and Indemnification Agreement

On May 24, 2023, Inflection Point
entered into a Services and Indemnification Agreement with the Sponsor, TVC, Peter Ondishin and Kevin Shannon, pursuant to which it
pays TVC a total of $27,083.33 per month for the services of Peter Ondishin as chief financial officer of the Company and Kevin
Shannon as chief of staff for the Company. On March 28, 2024, Inflection Point entered into the Amendment to the Services and
Indemnification Agreement pursuant to which, the Monthly Fee paid to TVC, effective as of January 1, 2024, was reduced from
$27,083 to (i) $17,708 for the period from January 1, 2024 to January 31, 2024 and (ii) $24,091 for the period
starting February 1, 2024. On August 9, 2024, Inflection Point entered into the Amendment to the Services and
Indemnification Agreement pursuant to which, the Monthly Fee paid to TVC, effective as of April 1, 2024, was reduced from
$24,091 to $18,882 for the period starting April 1, 2024. On August 9, 2024, the Company entered into the Amendment to the
Services and Indemnification Agreement pursuant to which, the Monthly Fee paid to TVC, effective as of April 1, 2024, was reduced
from $24,091 to $18,882 for the period starting April 1, 2024. The Monthly Fee was further reduced from $18,882 to $14,746 for the
period starting September 1, 2024. On November 8, 2024, the Company entered into the Third Amendment to the Services and
Indemnification Agreement pursuant to which, the Monthly Fee paid to TVC, effective as of November 1, 2024, was reduced from $14,746
to $7,373 for the period starting October 1, 2024. Upon completion of the Business Combination or its liquidation, the Company
ceased paying the Monthly Fee. For the year ended December 31, 2024 and for the period from March 6, 2023 (inception) through
December 31, 2023, the Company incurred $204,541 and $196,806 for these services, respectively.

69

Series A SPA

Inflection Point Fund agreed to purchase 759,804 shares
of Series A Preferred Stock and Series A Preferred Investor Warrants to purchase 759,804 shares of Common Stock at an initial exercise
price of $12.00, subject to adjustment, for an aggregate purchase price of $9,117,648, in the Series A Preferred Stock Investment. However,
on February 3, 2025, Inflection Point Fund pre-funded the Series A Preferred Stock Investment by purchasing an aggregate of
833,333 additional USARE Class A-2 Convertible Preferred Units and a USARE Class A Preferred Investor Warrant exercisable for an
aggregate of 833,333 USARE Class A Units. Pursuant to the Series A SPA Termination Agreement, upon the pre-funding of the Series
A Preferred Stock Investment, the Series A SPA was terminated.

On March 11, 2025, Inflection Point entered
into that certain securities purchase agreement with Inflection Point Fund, an affiliate of Michael Blitzer and the Sponsor,
pursuant to which, at the Closing, Inflection Point Fund purchased 294,118 shares of Series A Preferred Stock and a Series A
Preferred Investor Warrant initially exercisable for 294,118 shares for an aggregate purchase price of $3,000,000.

Inflection Point’s Policy for Approval
of Related Party Transactions

The audit committee of the Inflection Point’s
board of directors had adopted a policy setting forth the policies and procedures for its review and approval or ratification of “related
party transactions”. Under such policy, a “related party transaction” was any consummated or proposed transaction or
series of transactions: (i) in which Inflection Point was or was to be a participant; (ii) the amount of which exceeds (or is
reasonably expected to exceed) the lesser of $120,000 or 1% of the average of Inflection Point’s total assets at year-end for
the prior two completed fiscal years in the aggregate over the duration of the transaction (without regard to profit or loss); and
(iii) in which a “related party” had, has or will have a direct or indirect material interest. “Related parties”
under this policy include: (i) Inflection Point’s directors, nominees for director or executive officers or any person who
has served in any of such roles since the beginning of the most recent fiscal year; (ii) any record or beneficial owner of more than
5% of any class of Inflection Point’s voting securities; (iii) any immediate family member of any of the foregoing if the foregoing
person is a natural person; and (iv) any other person who may be a “related person” pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K under
the Exchange Act. Pursuant to the policy, the audit committee was to consider (i) the relevant facts and circumstances of each
related party transaction, including if the transaction was on terms comparable to those that could be obtained in arm’s-length dealings
with an unrelated third party, (ii) the extent of the related party’s interest in the transaction, (iii) whether the transaction
contravened Inflection Point’s code of ethics or other policies, (iv) whether the audit committee believed the relationship
underlying the transaction to be in the best interests of Inflection Point and its shareholders, and (v) the effect that the transaction
might have on a director’s status as an independent member of the Inflection Point Board and on his or her eligibility to serve
on Inflection Point board’s committees. Each director, director nominee and executive officer of Inflection Point, as applicable,
was required to present to the audit committee each proposed related party transaction, including all relevant facts and circumstances
relating thereto. Under the policy, Inflection Point was permitted to consummate related party transactions only if its audit committee
approves or ratifies the transaction in accordance with the guidelines set forth in the policy. The policy did not permit any director
or executive officer to participate in the discussion of, or decision concerning, a related person transaction in which he or she is the
related party.

70

Seventh A&R Company Operating Agreement

In connection with the Business Combination, USARE
OpCo amended and restated its operating agreement by adopting the A&R Operating Agreement. The A&R Operating Agreement, among
other things, permits the issuance and ownership of the units of USARE OpCo as contemplated to be issued and owned upon consummation of
the Business Combination and admits New USARE as the manager of USARE OpCo.

A&R Registration Rights Agreement

Prior to the Closing of the Business Combination,
the holders of the founder shares, private placement warrants and the Class A ordinary shares underlying such private placement warrants
had registration rights to require Inflection Point to register a sale of any of Inflection Point’s securities held by them at the
time of the IPO and any other securities of Inflection Point acquired by them prior to the consummation of Inflection Point’s initial
business combination pursuant to a registration rights agreement signed on May 24, 2023. The holders of these securities were entitled
to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company registers such securities. In addition, the holders had certain
“piggy-back” registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion of Inflection
Point’s initial business combination. The Company was required to bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any
such registration statements.

At the Closing, we, the Sponsor, Michael Blitzer,
Inflection Point Fund, certain former USARE OpCo members and other parties thereto entered into an amended and restated registration rights
agreement, pursuant to which, among other things, the “Holders” party thereto were granted certain customary registration
rights, on the terms and subject to the conditions therein, with respect to our securities that they hold following the Business Combination.

USARE Related Person Transactions

Arrangement with an Immediate Family Member
of a member of the Board of Managers

Thayer Smith, the spouse, of Tready Smith and
former President of USARE OpCo, entered into an agreement between USARE OpCo, Mr. Smith and Bayshore Capital Holdings Group, LLC,
of which Mr. Smith and Ms. Smith are beneficial owners, dated December 1, 2022, regarding his transition from President of USARE
OpCo. Pursuant to the agreement, Bayshore Capital Holdings Group, LLC is entitled to a payment equal to $766,665 on the closing of
certain subsequent financings. USARE OpCo determined that this payment was payable to Bayshore Capital Holdings Group, LLC (and thereby
to Mr. Smith and Ms. Smith) in connection with the Closing.

Other Transactions

In September and October of 2023, Bayshore Rare
Earths II, LLC, an entity beneficially owned by Tready Smith, purchased 2,889,839 USARE Class C-1 Convertible Preferred Units for
an aggregate of $5.0 million and The Critical Mineral Trust, an entity beneficially owned by Mordechai Gutnick, purchased 2,889,839
USARE Class C-1 Convertible Preferred Units for an aggregate of $5.0 million, in each case at a price per unit of $1.7302.

Mordechai Gutnick is a founder of USARE OpCo.
In connection with the formation of USARE OpCo in May 2019, Morzev Pty Ltd, an Australian corporation (“
Morzev
”, an
entity beneficially owned by Mr. Gutnick) assigned to USARE its interest in an option agreement (the “
Option
”)
with TMRC whereby Morzev had a right to earn a 70% interest in the Round Top mining project, with a potential increase to 80%, subject
to the terms of the Option. In exchange for the Option, Morzev received Class A Units in USARE OpCo. USARE OpCo estimates that the value
of the Option and the Class A Units were approximately $45 million at the time in 2019. USARE has determined the value of approximately
$45 million for the Option and Class A Units of USARE by reference to the post-money valuation of USARE OpCo implied by the
price of USARE OpCo’s prior Class B Units which were purchased in 2019 for approximately $4.9 million at an implied post-money valuation
of USARE OpCo of $50 million. That pre-money $45 million valuation was determined at the time of the investment of the
Class B Units by the management of USARE OpCo and the investors in the Class B Units. The Option was acquired by Morzev in 2018, subject
to payment by Morzev for certain technical due diligence, for phased earn-in expenditures of up to $10 million. Additionally,
Mr. Gutnick received, directly or indirectly, an aggregate of approximately $510,000 in consulting or service fees from USARE OpCo
between 2019 and 2021, the value of which was determined by the then-executive officers of USAR OpCo. Consulting payments from USARE
OpCo to Mr. Gutnick ceased in 2021.

71

Statement of Policy Regarding Transactions
with Related Persons

Upon the Closing of the Business Combination,
we adopted a new formal written policy providing that related parties, defined to be New USARE’s officers, directors, nominees for
election as directors, beneficial owners of more than 5% of any class of our capital stock, any member of the immediate family of any
of the foregoing persons and any firm, corporation or other entity in which any of the foregoing persons is employed or is a general partner
or principal or in a similar position or in which such person has a 5% or greater beneficial ownership interest, are not permitted to
enter into a related party transaction with us without the approval of our audit committee, subject to certain exceptions and customary
standing pre-approvals. For purposes of the policy, a related party transaction includes any transaction, arrangement, relationship or
series of similar transactions, arrangements or relationships (including any indebtedness or guarantee of indebtedness) in which (i) the
aggregate amount involved will or may be expected to exceed $120,000, (ii) the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a participant (whether
or not a party); and ay related person has or will have a direct or indirect material interest (other than solely as a result of being
a director or a less than 10% beneficial owner of another entity). Pursuant to the policy, the audit committee will take into account,
among other factors it deems appropriate, (1) whether the transaction is on terms no less favorable than terms generally available to
an unaffiliated third-party under the same or similar circumstances, (2) the extent of the related person’s interest in the transaction
and (3) whether the related party transaction is material to the Company and its subsidiaries. If a related person transaction will be
ongoing, the committee may establish guidelines for our management to follow in its ongoing dealings with the related person. In addition,
under our Code of Conduct, our officers and directors have an affirmative responsibility to disclose any transaction or relationship that
reasonably could be expected to give rise to a conflict of interest.

Indemnification of Directors and Officers

Our bylaws provide that we are required to indemnify
our directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL. In addition, our certificate of incorporation will provides that
our directors and officers will not be liable for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty to the fullest extent permitted by the
DGCL.

Item 14
.
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services.

The firm of UHY LLP acts as our independent registered
public accounting firm. The following is a summary of fees paid to UHY LLP for services rendered.

Audit Fees
. During the year ended December
31, 2024 and for the period from March 6, 2023 (inception) through December 31, 2023, fees for services performed in connection with our
IPO, review of the financial information included in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the respective periods were approximately
$112,750 and $135,000, respectively.

Audit-Related Fees.
 During the year ended
December 31, 2024 and for the period from March 6, 2023 (inception) through December 31, 2023, UHY LLP fees for assurance and related
services fees to the performance of the audit or review of financial statements amounts to $11,046 and $59,788, respectively.

Tax Fees
. During the year ended December
31, 2024 and from the period from March 6, 2023 (inception) through December 31, 2023, UHY LLP fees for services for tax compliance, tax
advice or tax planning were $14,404 and $0, respectively.

All Other Fees
. During the year ended December
31, 2024 and from the period from March 6, 2023 (inception) through December 31, 2024, there were no fees billed for products and services
provided by UHY LLP other than those set forth above.

Pre-Approval Policy

Our audit committee was formed upon the consummation
of our IPO. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to
the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward
basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our
auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange
Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit).

72

Part IV

Item 15
.
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules.

(a)

The following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K:

(1)

Financial Statements: The consolidated financial statements listed in the accompanying Index to Consolidated Financial Statements are filed as part of this Annual Report. 

Page

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
1195
)

F-1

Balance Sheets

F-2

Statements of Operations

F-3

Statements of Changes in Shareholders’ Deficit

F-4

Statements of Cash Flows

F-5

Notes to Financial Statements

F-6 to F-28

(2)

Financial Statement Schedules:

All schedules are omitted for the reason that
the information is included in the financial statements or the notes thereto or that they are not required or are not applicable. 

(3)

Exhibits

The exhibits listed in the Exhibit Index below
are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

73

Exhibit Index

Exhibit

 Number

Description

2.1†

Business Combination Agreement, dated as of August 21, 2024, by and among Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II, LLC, IPXX Merger Sub, LLC and USA Rare Earth, LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 filed with the Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (Reg. No. 333-283181) filed by the registrant on February 13, 2025).

2.2

Amendment No. 1 to Business Combination Agreement, dated as of November 11, 2024, by and among Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II, LLC, IPXX Merger Sub, LLC and USA Rare Earth, LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.2 filed with the Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (Reg. No. 333-283181) filed by the registrant on February 13, 2025).

2.3†

Amendment No. 2 to Business Combination Agreement, dated as of January 30, 2025, by and among Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II, LLC, IPXX Merger Sub, LLC and USA Rare Earth, LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.4 filed with the Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (Reg. No. 333-283181) filed by the registrant on February 13, 2025).

2.4

Certificate of Merger of IPXX Merger Sub, LLC with and into USA Rare Earth, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.4 filed with the Current Report on Form 8-K (Reg. No. 001-41711) filed by the registrant on March 19, 2025).

2.5

Plan of Domestication (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.5 filed with the Current Report on Form 8-K (Reg. No. 001-41711) filed by the registrant on March 19, 2025).

2.6

Contribution Agreement by and between USA Rare Earth, LLC, Texas Mineral Resources Corp. and Round Top Mountain Development, LLC dated May 17, 2021 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.6 filed with the Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (Reg. No. 333-283181) filed by the registrant on February 13, 2025)
.

3.1

Certificate of Corporate Domestication of USA Rare Earth, Inc (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 filed with the Current Report on Form 8-K (Reg. No. 001-41711) filed by the registrant on March 19, 2025).

3.2

Certificate of Incorporation of USA Rare Earth, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 filed with the Current Report on Form 8-K (Reg. No. 001-41711) filed by the registrant on March 19, 2025).

3.3

Bylaws of USA Rare Earth, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.3 filed with the Current Report on Form 8-K (Reg. No. 001-41711) filed by the registrant on March 19, 2025).

3.4

USA Rare Earth, Inc. Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of 12.0% Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.4 filed with the Current Report on Form 8-K (Reg. No. 001-41711) filed by the registrant on March 19, 2025).

4.1

Specimen Common Stock Certificate of USA Rare Earth, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.5 filed with the Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (Reg. No. 333-283181) filed by the registrant on February 13, 2025).

4.2

Specimen Warrant Certificate of USA Rare Earth, Inc.(incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 filed with the Current Report on Form 8-K (Reg. No. 001-41711) filed by the registrant on March 19, 2025).

4.3

Warrant Agreement, dated May 24, 2024, by and between Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant agent (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 filed with Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II’s Form 8-K (Reg. No. 001-41711) filed by Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II on May 30, 2023).

4.4

Form of Warrant issued to each Series A Investor (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.4 filed with the Current Report on Form 8-K (Reg. No. 001-41711) filed by the registrant on March 19, 2025).

4.5

Form of Warrant issued to PIPE Investors (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.5 filed with the Current Report on Form 8-K (Reg. No. 001-41711) filed by the registrant on March 19, 2025).

4.6*

Descriptions of Registrant’s Securities.

10.1*

Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of March 13, 2025, by and among USA Rare Earth, Inc., Inflection Point Holdings II LLC and certain other holders of USA Rare Earth, Inc.

10.2

Sponsor Support Agreement, by and among Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II, Inflection Point Holdings II LLC, and the other parties thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 filed with the Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (Reg. No. 333-283181) filed by the registrant on February 13, 2025).

10.3

Sponsor Lock-Up Agreement, dated as of March 13, 2025, by and between USA Rare Earth, Inc. and Inflection Point Holdings II LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 filed with the Current Report on Form 8-K (Reg. No. 001-41711) filed by the registrant on March 19, 2025).

10.4

Form of Members Support Agreement, dated August 21, 2024, by and among Inflection Point Holdings II LLC, certain members party thereto and USA Rare Earth, LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 filed with the Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (Reg. No. 333-283181) filed by the registrant on February 13, 2025).

10.5

Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, by and among, Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II, USA Rare Earth, LLC and the purchasers party thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 filed with the Current Report on Form 8-K (Reg. No. 001-41711) filed by the registrant on March 19, 2025).

10.6

Fee Reduction Agreement, dated as of August 20, 2024, by and among Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II, Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. and USA Rare Earth, LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 filed with Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II’s Form 8-K (Reg. No. 001-41711) filed by Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II on August 22, 2024).

74

10.7#

Metal Sales and Tolling Framework Agreement, dated as of March 18, 2024, by and between Australian Strategic Materials Limited and USA Rare Earth, LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.7 filed with the Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (Reg. No. 333-283181) filed by the registrant on February 13, 2025).

10.8

Amendment No. 1 to Sponsor Support Agreement, dated as of January 31, 2025, by and among Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II, Inflection Point Holdings II LLC, and the other parties thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.8 filed with the Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (Reg. No. 333-283181) filed by the registrant on February 13, 2025).

10.9

Series A SPA Termination Agreement, dated as of January 31, 2025, by and among Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II, USA Rare Earth, LLC and Inflection Point Fund I, LP (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.9 filed with the Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (Reg. No. 333-283181) filed by the registrant on February 13, 2025).

10.10

USA Rare Earth, LLC Second Amended and Restated Equity Incentive Plan effective August

26, 2022 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.10 filed with the Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (Reg. No. 333-283181) filed by the registrant on February 13, 2025).

10.11

First Amendment to The Second Amended and Restated Equity Incentive Plan of USA Rare Earth, LLC dated November

2, 2022 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.11 filed with the Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (Reg. No. 333-283181) filed by the registrant on February 13, 2025).

10.12

Second Amendment to The Second Amended and Restated Equity Incentive Plan of USA Rare Earth, LLC dated February

10, 2024 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.12 filed with the Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (Reg. No. 333-283181) filed by the registrant on February 13, 2025).

10.13

Offer of Employment by and between David Kronenfeld and USA Rare Earth, LLC dated March

14, 2021 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.13 filed with the Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (Reg. No. 333-283181) filed by the registrant on February 13, 2025).

10.14

Addendum to the David Kronenfeld Offer of Employment dated November

6, 2024 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.14 filed with the Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (Reg. No. 333-283181) filed by the registrant on February 13, 2025).

10.15

Offer of Employment by and between Steve Ridge and USA Rare Earth, LLC dated March

17, 2023 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.15 filed with the Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (Reg. No. 333-283181) filed by the registrant on February 13, 2025).

10.16

Addendum to the Steve Ridge Offer of Employment dated May

14, 2024 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.16 filed with the Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (Reg. No. 333-283181) filed by the registrant on February 13, 2025).

10.17

Letter Agreement by and among Bayshore Capital Holdings Group, LLC, Thayer Smith and USA Rare Earth, LLC dated December

1, 2022 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.17 filed with the Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (Reg. No. 333-283181) filed by the registrant on February 13, 2025).

10.18

Separation and Release Agreement by and between USA Rare Earth, LLC and Thomas J. Schneberger, Jr. dated April

30, 2024 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.18 filed with the Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (Reg. No. 333-283181) filed by the registrant on February 13, 2025).

10.19

Employment Agreement by and between USA Rare Earth, LLC and Joshua Ballard dated December

16, 2024 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.19 filed with the Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (Reg. No. 333-283181) filed by the registrant on February 13, 2025).

10.20

Employment Agreement by and between USA Rare Earth, LLC and Chris Boling dated October

24, 2024 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.20 filed with the Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (Reg. No. 333-283181) filed by the registrant on February 13, 2025).

10.21

Separation and Release Agreement by and between USA Rare Earth, LLC and Effie Simanikas dated March

30, 2024 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.21 filed with the Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (Reg. No. 333-283181) filed by the registrant on February 13, 2025).

10.22

Form of Subscription Agreement, dated September

1, 2023 by and between USA Rare Earth, LLC and the individuals party thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.22 filed with the Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (Reg. No. 333-283181) filed by the registrant on February 13, 2025).

10.23

Form of Subscription Agreement, dated October 31, 2023 by and between USA Rare Earth, LLC and the individuals party thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.23 filed with the Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (Reg. No. 333-283181) filed by the registrant on February 13, 2025).

10.24

Form of Incentive Unit Award Agreement of USA Rare Earth, LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.24 filed with the Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (Reg. No. 333-283181) filed by the registrant on February 13, 2025).

10.25

Surface Lease SL 20040002 between the State of Texas and Sentinel Mountain Associates, L.P. dated November 19, 2003, as assigned via the Assignment and Assumption Agreement of Surface Lease 20040002 by and among Sentinel Mountain Associates, L.P., Southwest Range Wildlife Foundation and the State of Texas dated December 27, 2005, the Assignment and Assumption Agreement of Surface Lease 20040002 by and among Southwest Range Wildlife Foundation, Texas Rare Earth Resources Corp. and the State of Texas, dated March 6, 2013 and the Memorandum of Assignment and Assumption Agreement (Surface Lease) by and between Texas Mineral Resources Corp. and Round Top Mountain Development, LLC dated May 17, 2021 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.25 filed with the Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (Reg. No. 333-283181) filed by the registrant on February 13, 2025).

10.26

Ground Water Lease SL20150003 between the State of Texas and Texas Rare Earth Resources Corp. dated August 1, 2014 as assigned by the Memorandum of Assignment and Assumption Agreement (Ground Water Lease) by and between Texas Mineral Resources Corp. and Round Top Mountain Development, LLC dated May 17, 2021 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.26 filed with the Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (Reg. No. 333-283181) filed by the registrant on February 13, 2025).

75

10.27

Mining Lease Agreement M-113117 (860 acres), dated September 2, 2011 between the State of Texas and Texas Rare Earth Resources Corp, as amended by the First Amendment to Mining Lease No. M-113117 dated January 26, 2012, Second Amendment to Mining Lease No. M-113117 dated March 29, 2012 and Third Amendment to Mining Lease no. M-1131117 dated October 3, 2022 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.27 filed with the Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (Reg. No. 333-283181) filed by the registrant on February 13, 2025).

10.28

Mining Lease Agreement M-113629 (90 acres), dated November 1, 2011, between the State of Texas and Texas Rare Earth Resources Corp. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.28 filed with the Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (Reg. No. 333-283181) filed by the registrant on February 13, 2025).

10.29

Memorandum of Assignment and Assumption Agreement (Mining Leases) by and between Texas Mineral Resources Corp. and Round Top Mountain Development, LLC dated May 17, 2021 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.29 filed with the Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (Reg. No. 333-283181) filed by the registrant on February 13, 2025).

10.30

Amendment No. 1 to Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 22, 2025, by and among IPXX, USARE OpCo and Michael Blitzer (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41711) filed by the registrant on January 28, 2025).

10.31

Form of Forward Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41711) filed by the registrant on March 11, 2025).

10.32

Assignment and Assumption of Employment Agreement, dated as of March 12, 2025, by and between USA Rare Earth, Inc. (f/k/a Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II), USA Rare Earth, LLC and Joshua Ballard (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.32 filed with the Current Report on Form 8-K (Reg. No. 001-41711) filed by the registrant on March 19, 2025).

10.33

Assignment and Assumption of Employment Agreement, dated as of March 12, 2025, by and between USA Rare Earth, Inc. (f/k/a Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II), USA Rare Earth, LLC and William Robert Steele Jr. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41711) filed by the registrant on March 17, 2025).

10.34

Employment Agreement, effective as of March 24, 2025, between USA Rare Earth, Inc. and William Robert Steele Jr. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 filed with the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41711) filed by the registrant on March 17, 2025).

10.35+

USA Rare Earth, Inc. 2024 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.35 filed with the Current Report on Form 8-K (Reg. No. 001-41711) filed by the registrant on March 19, 2025).

10.36+

Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.36 filed with the Current Report on Form 8-K (Reg. No. 001-41711) filed by the registrant on March 19, 2025).

10.37

Termination Agreement, dated as of March 13, 2025, between USA Rare Earth, Inc. (f/k/a Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II) and Michael Blitzer (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.37 filed with the Current Report on Form 8-K (Reg. No. 001-41711) filed by the registrant on March 19, 2025).

10.38*

Seventh Amended and Restated Operating Agreement of USA Rare Earth, LLC.

10.39

Form of Restricted Stock Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.39 filed with the Current Report on Form 8-K (Reg. No. 001-41711) filed by the registrant on March 19, 2025).

10.40

Form of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.40 filed with the Current Report on Form 8-K (Reg. No. 001-41711) filed by the registrant on March 19, 2025).

10.41

Services and Indemnification Agreement, dated May 24, 2023, by and among Inflection Point, Inflection Point Holdings II LLC, The Venture Collective LLC, Peter Ondishin and Kevin Shannon (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (Reg. No. 001-41711) filed by the registrant on May 30, 2023).

10.42

Amendment to Services and Indemnification Agreement, dated March 28, 2024, by and among Inflection Point, Inflection Point Holdings II LLC, The Venture Collective LLC, Peter Ondishin and Kevin Shannon (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-41711), filed with the SEC on April 2, 2024).

10.43

Second Amendment to Services and Indemnification Agreement, dated August 13, 2024, by and among the Company, Inflection Point Holdings II LLC, The Venture Collective LLC, Peter Ondishin and Kevin Shannon (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Current Report on Form 8-K (Reg. No. 001-41711) filed by the registrant on August 14, 2024).

10.44

Third Amendment to Services and Indemnification Agreement, dated November 8, 2024, by and among the Company, Inflection Point Holdings II LLC, The Venture Collective LLC, Peter Ondishin and Kevin Shannon (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Current Report on Form 8-K (Reg. No. 001-41711) filed by the registrant on November 1
4
, 2024).

10.45

Fee Reduction Agreement, dated as of August 20, 2024, by and among Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II, Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. and USA Rare Earth, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41711), filed with the SEC on August 22, 2024).

10.46

Convertible Promissory Note, dated as of August 13, 2024, issued to Michael Blitzer (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 filed with the Current Report on Form 8-K (Reg. No. 001-41711) filed by the registrant on August 14, 2024).

76

10.47

Non-Redemption Agreement, dated as of November 12, 2024, by and among Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II and Newtyn Partners, LP and Newtyn TE Partners, LP (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Current Report on Form 8-K (Reg. No. 001-41711) filed by the registrant on November 13, 2024).

10.48

Non-Redemption Agreement, dated as of November 14, 2024, by and among Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II and Harraden Circle Investors LP and Harraden Circle Special Opportunities LP (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 filed with the Current Report on Form 8-K (Reg. No. 001-41711) filed by the registrant on November 14, 2024).

10.49

Non-Redemption Agreement, dated as of November 14, 2024, by and among Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II and 
L1 Capital Global Opportunities Master Fund
 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 filed with the Current Report on Form 8-K (Reg. No. 001-41711) filed by the registrant on November 14, 2024).

10.50

Termination Agreement, dated January 31, 2025, by and among Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II, USA Rare Earth, LLC and Inflection Point Fund I, LP (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 filed with the Current Report on Form 8-K (Reg. No. 001-41711) filed by the registrant on February 5, 2025).

16.1

Letter Regarding Change in Accountants (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 16.1 filed with the Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (Reg. No. 333-283181) filed by the registrant on February 13, 2025).

19*

USA Rare Earth, Inc. Insider Trading Policy

21.1

List of Subsidiaries of USA Rare Earth, Inc.(incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 21.1 filed with the Current Report on Form 8-K (Reg. No. 001-41711) filed by the registrant on March 19, 2025).

31.1*

Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

31.2*

Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

32.1**

Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

32.2**

Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

97.1*

Policy relating to recovery of erroneously awarded compensation, as required by applicable listing standards adopted pursuant to 17 CFR 240.10D-1.

101.INS

XBRL Instance Document.- the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the inline XBRL document.

101.SCH

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.

101.CAL

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document.

101.DEF

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document.

101.LAB

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document.

101.PRE

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document.

104

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document and contained in Exhibit 101)

*

Filed herewith.

**

Furnished herewith.

†

The annexes schedules, and certain exhibits to this Exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. The Registrant hereby agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted annex, schedule or exhibit to the SEC upon request.

#

The Registrant has redacted provisions or terms of this exhibit pursuant to Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(10)(iv). While portions of the exhibit have been redacted, this exhibit includes a prominent statement on the first page of the exhibit that certain identified information has been excluded from the exhibit because it is both not material and is the type that the Registrant treats as private or confidential. The Registrant agrees to furnish an unredacted copy of the exhibit to the SEC upon its request

+

Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.

77

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly cause this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized.

Date: March 31, 2025

USA RARE EARTH, INC.

By:

/s/ Joshua Ballard

Name: 

Joshua Ballard

Title:

Chief Executive Officer and Director 

POWER OF ATTORNEY

KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each
person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Joshua Ballard and William Robert Steele Jr., his true and lawful attorney-in-fact
and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to
sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in
connection therewith, with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and
each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection
therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said
attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them, or his or her substitutes or substitute, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and
on the dates indicated.

/s/ Joshua Ballard

Chief Executive Officer and Director

March 31, 2025

Joshua Ballard

(Principal Executive Officer)

/s/ William Robert Steele Jr.

Chief Financial Officer

March 31, 2025

William Robert Steele Jr.

 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)

/s/ Michael Blitzer

Chairman

March 31, 2025

Michael Blitzer

/s/ Mordechai Gutnick

Director

March 31, 2025

Mordechai Gutnick

/s/ Paul Kern

Director

March 31, 2025

Paul Kern

/s/ Otto Schwethelm

Director

March 31, 2025

Otto Schwethelm

/s/ Michael Senft

Director

March 31, 2025

Michael Senft

/s/ Tready Smith

Director

March 31, 2025

Tready Smith

/s/ Carolyn Trabuco

Director

March 31, 2025

Carolyn Trabuco

78

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of

USA Rare Earth, Inc.

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of USA Rare Earth,
Inc., formerly known as Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the related
statements of operations, changes in shareholders’ deficit and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2024 and for period from
March 6, 2023 (inception) through December 31, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “financial statements”).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December
31, 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2024 and for the period from March
6, 2023 (inception) through December 31, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

Substantial Doubt about the Company’s Ability to Continue
as a Going Concern

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming the
Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company has incurred and expects to
continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of its acquisition plans and the Company’s cash and working capital are not sufficient
to complete its planned activities one year from the issuance date of the financial statements. These conditions raise substantial doubt
about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. Management’s evaluation of the events and conditions and management’s
plans regarding these matters are also described in Note 1 to the financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Our opinion is not modified with respect to that matter.

Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public
accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (“PCAOB”) and are required to
be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations
of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB.
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free
of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit
of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control
over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the entity’s internal control
over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material
misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures
included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included
evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation
of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

/s/ 
UHY LLP

We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2023.

New York, New York

March 13, 2025

F-
1

USA RARE EARTH, INC. (F/K/A INFLECTION POINT
ACQUISITION CORP. II)

BALANCE SHEETS

December 31,
 2024

December 31,
 2023

ASSETS

Current assets

Cash

$
2,101

$
275,665

Prepaid expenses

14,955

18,390

Prepaid insurance

43,440

205,604

Total Current Assets

60,496

499,659

Marketable securities held in Trust Account

24,075,435

258,971,518

TOTAL ASSETS

$
24,135,931

$
259,471,177

Liabilities and Shareholders’ Deficit:

Current liabilities

Accounts payable and accrued expenses

$
2,742,444

$
234,985

Accrued offering costs

—

75,000

Convertible promissory note - related party

1,200,000

—

Total Current Liabilities

3,942,444

309,985

Forward Purchase Agreements

49,275

—

Deferred underwriting fee payable

13,100,000

13,100,000

Total Liabilities

17,091,719

13,409,985

Commitments and contingencies (Note 6)

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, 
2,205,349
 and 
25,000,000
 issued and outstanding shares at redemption value of $
10.92
 per share and $
10.36
 as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively

24,075,435

258,971,518

Stockholders’ Deficit

Preferred shares, $
0.0001
 par value; 
5,000,000
 shares authorized; 
none
 issued and outstanding

—

—

Class A ordinary shares, $
0.0001
 par value; 
500,000,000
 shares authorized; 
6,200,000
 and 
none
 issued and outstanding (excluding 2,205,349 and 25,000,000 shares subject to possible redemption) as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively

620

—

Class B ordinary shares, $
0.0001
 par value; 
50,000,000
 shares authorized; 
50,000
 and 
6,250,000
 shares issued and outstanding, as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively

5

625

Additional paid-in capital

—

—

Accumulated deficit

(
17,031,848
)

(
12,910,951
)

Total Stockholders’ Deficit

(
17,031,223
)

(
12,910,326
)

Total Liabilities and Shareholders’ Deficit

$
24,135,931

$
259,471,177

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

F-
2

USA RARE EARTH, INC. (F/K/A INFLECTION POINT
ACQUISITION CORP. II)

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

December 31,
 2024

For period
 from March 6,
 2023
 (Inception)
 through
 December 31,
 2023

Formation and operational costs

$
4,077,377

$
985,212

Loss from operations

(
4,077,377
)

(
985,212
)

Other income:

Loss on issuance of Forward Purchase Agreements

(
484,843
)

—

Change in fair value of Forward Purchase Agreements

435,568

—

Interest income from bank

5,755

11,763

Dividend income earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account

12,019,932

7,721,518

Total other income, net

11,976,412

7,733,281

Net income

$
7,899,035

$
6,748,069

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Redeemable shares

22,321,940

17,916,667

Basic and diluted net income per share

$
0.39

$
0.70

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Non-redeemable shares

6,250,000

6,271,250

Basic and diluted net loss per share

$
(
0.14
)

$
(
0.93
)

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

F-
3

USA RARE EARTH, INC. (F/K/A INFLECTION POINT
ACQUISITION CORP. II)

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS’
DEFICIT

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024 AND

FOR THE PERIOD FROM MARCH 6, 2023 (INCEPTION)
THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2023

Class A
 Ordinary Shares

Class B
 Ordinary shares

Additional
 Paid-In

Accumulated

Shareholders’

Shares

Amount

Shares

Amount

Capital

Deficit

Deficit

Balance as of March 6, 2023 (Inception)

—

$
—

—

$
—

$
—

$
—

$
—

Issuance of ordinary shares

—

—

6,325,000

633

24,367

—

25,000

Sale of Class A ordinary shares and over-allotment

25,000,000

2,500

—

—

249,997,500

—

250,000,000

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption

(
25,000,000
)

(
2,500
)

—

—

(
247,910,000
)

—

(
247,912,500
)

Underwriters’ compensation

—

—

—

—

(
17,500,000
)

—

(
17,500,000
)

Offering costs

—

—

—

—

(
861,877
)

—

(
861,877
)

Sale of 
7,650,000
 private placement warrants

—

—

—

—

7,650,000

—

7,650,000

Allocation of offering costs related to redeemable shares

—

—

—

—

18,183,179

—

18,183,179

Forfeiture of Founder Shares

—

—

(
75,000
)

(
8
)

8

—

—

Accretion for redeemable shares to redemption value

—

—

—

—

(
9,583,177
)

(
19,659,020
)

(
29,242,197
)

Net income

—

—

—

—

—

6,748,069

6,748,069

Balance as of December 31, 2023

—

$
—

6,250,000

$
625

$
—

$
(
12,910,951
)

$
(
12,910,326
)

Conversion of Class B shares to Class A shares

6,200,000

620

(
6,200,000
)

(
620
)

—

—

—

Accretion for redeemable shares to redemption value

—

—

—

—

—

(
12,019,932
)

(
12,019,932
)

Net income

—

—

—

—

—

7,899,035

7,899,035

Balance as of December 31, 2024

6,200,000

$
620

50,000

$
5

$
—

$
(
17,031,848
)

$
(
17,031,223
)

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

F-
4

USA RARE EARTH, INC. (F/K/A INFLECTION POINT
ACQUISITION CORP. II)

STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

For Year Ended
 December 31,

For the
 Period from
 March 6, 

2023
 (inception)
 through
 December 31,

2024

2023

Cash Flows from Operating Activities:

Net income

$
7,899,035

$
6,748,069

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities:

Formation costs paid by Sponsor in exchange for issuance of Class B ordinary shares

—

5,845

Dividend income earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account

(
12,019,932
)

(
7,721,518
)

Loss on issuance of Forward Purchase Agreements

484,843

—

Change in fair value of Forward Purchase Agreements

(
435,568
)

—

Changes in operating assets and liabilities:

Prepaid expenses

3,435

(
9,783
)

Prepaid insurance

162,164

(
205,604
)

Accounts payable and accrued expenses

2,507,459

234,985

Net cash used in operating activities

(
1,398,564
)

(
948,006
)

Cash Flows from Investing Activities:

Investment of cash into Trust Account

—

(
251,250,000
)

Cash withdrawn from Trust Account in connection with redemption

246,916,015

—

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities

246,916,015

(
251,250,000
)

Cash Flows from Financing Activities:

Proceeds from sale of Units, net of underwriting discounts paid

—

245,600,000

Proceeds from sale of private placements warrants

—

7,650,000

Proceeds from convertible promissory note – related party

1,200,000

—

Repayment of promissory note – related party

—

(
179,665
)

Refund of offering costs included in accrued offering costs

—

75,000

Payment of offering costs

(
75,000
)

(
671,664
)

Redemption of ordinary shares

(
246,916,015
)

—

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities

(
245,791,015
)

252,473,671

Net Change in Cash

(
273,564
)

275,665

Cash – Beginning of period

275,665

—

Cash – End of period

$
2,101

$
275,665

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:

Deferred offering costs paid by Sponsor in exchange for issuance of Class B ordinary shares

$
—

$
11,000

Prepaid services contributed by Sponsor in exchange for issuance of Class B ordinary shares

$
—

$
8,155

Deferred offering costs paid through promissory note – related party

$
—

$
179,213

Accretion of Class A ordinary shares to redemption value

$
12,019,932

$
29,242,197

Deferred underwriting fee payable

$
—

$
13,100,000

Forfeiture of Founder Shares

$
—

$
8

Formation costs paid by Sponsor in exchange for issuance of Class B ordinary shares

$
—

$
5,845

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

F-
5

USA RARE EARTH, INC. (F/K/A INFLECTION POINT
ACQUISITION CORP. II)

Notes to Financial Statements

Note 1 — Organization and Business Operations

USA Rare Earth, Inc., formerly known as Inflection Point Acquisition
Corp. II (the “Company”) is a special purpose acquisition company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted corporation on
March 6, 2023. The Company was incorporated for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase,
reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (the “Business Combination”).

On August 21, 2024, the Company entered into a Business Combination
Agreement (as it may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with its terms, the “USARE Business
Combination Agreement”), by and among the Company, USA Rare Earth, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“USARE”)
and IPXX Merger Sub, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (“Merger Sub”).

As of December 31, 2024, the Company had not commenced any operations.
All activity for the period from March 6, 2023 (inception) through December 31, 2024 relates to the Company’s formation and
the initial public offering (the “IPO”), which is described below, and subsequent to the IPO, pursuing Business Combination
opportunities. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of its initial Business Combination, at
the earliest. The Company generates non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents and dividend income
on marketable securities held in Trust Account. The Company has selected December 31st as its fiscal year end.

The Company’s sponsor is Inflection Point Holdings II LLC,
a Delaware limited liability company (the “Sponsor”).

On March 8, 2023, the Company issued 
5,750,000
 Class B ordinary
shares to the Sponsor for $
25,000
, or approximately $
0.004
 per share. On May 24, 2023, the Company effected a share capitalization
of 
575,000
, resulting in the Sponsor holding 
6,325,000
 Class B ordinary shares (such Class B ordinary shares, together
with the Class A ordinary shares issued or issuable upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares pursuant to the Company’s amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association, the “Founder Shares”). All share and per-share amounts have been retroactively
restated to reflect the share capitalization. The Founder Shares included an aggregate of up to 
825,000
 shares subject to forfeiture
if the over-allotment option was not exercised by the underwriters. As a result of the underwriters election to partially exercise their
over-allotment option on May 30, 2023, 
75,000
 Founder Shares were forfeited resulting in the Sponsor holding 
6,250,000
 Founder
Shares. The remaining Founder Shares are no longer subject to forfeiture.

The registration statement for the Company’s IPO was declared
effective on May 24, 2023. On May 30, 2023, the Company consummated the IPO of 
25,000,000
 units (the “Units”), which
includes the partial exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option in the amount of 
3,000,000
 Units, at $
10.00
 per
Unit, generating gross proceeds of $
250,000,000
, which is discussed in Note 3. Each Unit consists of 
one
 Class A ordinary share
(the “Public Shares”) and one half of 
one
 redeemable warrant (the “Public Warrants”) of the Company,
with each whole warrant entitling the holder to purchase 
one
 Class A ordinary share for $
11.50
 per share, subject to adjustment.
Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, the Company consummated the sale of 
7,650,000
 private placement warrants (the “Private
Placement Warrants”) to the Sponsor and Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., the representative of the underwriters of the IPO (“CF&CO”),
at a price of $
1.00
 per Private Placement Warrant, or $
7,650,000
 in the aggregate, which is described in Note 4. Of those 
7,650,000
 Private
Placement Warrants, the Sponsor purchased 
6,000,000
 Private Placement Warrants and CF&CO purchased 
1,650,000
 Private
Placement Warrants. Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase 
one
 Class A ordinary share at a price of $
11.50
 per
share. The Company’s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the IPO and
the Private Placement Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be generally applied toward consummating
a Business Combination (less deferred underwriting commissions).

F-
6

Transaction costs amounted to $
18,361,877
 consisting of $
4,400,000
 of
cash underwriting discount, $
13,100,000
 of deferred underwriting fees, and $
861,877
 of other offering costs.

The Company’s Business Combination must be with one or more target
businesses that together have a fair market value equal to at least 
80
% of the net balance in the Trust Account (as defined below)
(excluding the amount of deferred underwriting discounts and taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the
signing of an agreement to enter into a Business Combination. However, the Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-Business
Combination company owns or acquires 
50
% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling
interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940,
as amended (the “Investment Company Act”). There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business
Combination. 

Following the closing of the IPO, on May 30, 2023, an amount of $
251,250,000
 ($
10.05
 per
Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the IPO and the sales of the Private Placement Warrants was placed in the trust
account (the “Trust Account”) and will be held as cash or invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity
of 
185 days
 or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, which
invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account
that may be released to the Company to pay its taxes, if any, the proceeds from the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants
placed into the Trust Account will not be released from the Trust Account until the earliest of (i) the completion of the Company’s
initial Business Combination or an earlier redemption in connection with the commencement of the procedures to consummate the initial
Business Combination if the Company determines it is desirable to facilitate the completion of the initial Business Combination, (ii)
the redemption of the Company’s Public Shares if the Company is unable to complete the initial Business Combination within 18 months
from the closing of the IPO, by such earlier liquidation date as the Company’s board of directors may approve or by such later liquidation
date approved by the Company’s shareholders pursuant to an amendment to the Company’s amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association (the “Completion Window”), subject to applicable law, or (iii) the redemption of the Company’s
Public Shares properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the Company’s amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association to (A) modify the substance or timing of the Company’s obligation to allow redemption in connection with
the initial Business Combination or to redeem 
100
% of the Company’s Public Shares if the Company has not consummated an initial
Business Combination within the Completion Window or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders’
rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity. The proceeds deposited in the Trust Account could become subject to the claims of
the Company’s creditors, if any, which could have priority over the claims of the Company’s public shareholders.

The Company will provide the Company’s public shareholders with
the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares in connection with the completion of the initial Business Combination
either (i) in connection with a general meeting called to approve the initial Business Combination or (ii) without a shareholder vote
by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder approval of a proposed initial Business Combination
or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The public shareholders will be entitled to redeem their
Public Shares at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account calculated as
of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the
Trust Account (less taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, subject to the limitations. The amount in
the Trust Account is initially anticipated to be $
10.05
 per Public Share (without taking into account interest earned or taxes payable).

The ordinary shares subject to redemption were recorded at a redemption
value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the IPO, in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board’s
(“FASB”) Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) Topic 480 “Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.”

F-
7

The Company will have only the duration of the Completion Window to
complete the initial Business Combination. If the Company is unable to complete its initial Business Combination within the Completion
Window, the Company will as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares,
at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on
the funds held in the Trust Account (less taxes payable and up to $
100,000
 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the
number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will constitute full and complete payment for the Public Shares and completely
extinguish public shareholders’ rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation or other distributions,
if any), subject to the Company’s obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and subject to the other
requirements of applicable law.

On November 18, 2024, the Company held an extraordinary general meeting
in lieu of an annual meeting of shareholders (the “Extraordinary General Meeting”). At the Extraordinary General Meeting,
the Company’s shareholders approved to amend the Company’s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association to
extend the date by which the Company must complete a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization
or similar business combination involving the Company and one or more businesses from November 30, 2024 to August 21, 2025 (the “Extension
Amendment”).

The Sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement
with the Company, pursuant to which they have agreed to (i) waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares and Public
Shares in connection with the completion of the initial Business Combination or an earlier redemption in connection with the commencement
of the procedures to consummate the initial Business Combination if the Company determines it is desirable to facilitate the completion
of the initial Business Combination; (ii) waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares and Public Shares in connection
with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the Company’s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association; (iii)
waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to their Founder Shares if the Company fails to complete
the initial Business Combination within the Completion Window, although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust
Account with respect to any Public Shares they hold if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the Completion
Window and to liquidating distributions from assets outside the Trust Account; and (iv) vote any Founder Shares held by them and any Public
Shares purchased during or after the IPO (including in open market and privately-negotiated transactions) in favor of the initial Business
Combination (subject to applicable law).

The Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to the Company if and
to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to the Company (except for the Company’s independent
auditors), or a prospective target business with which the Company has entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or other
similar agreement or Business Combination agreement (except for the Company’s independent auditors), reduce the amount of funds
in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) $
10.05
 per Public Share and (ii) the actual amount per Public Share held in the Trust
Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than $
10.05
 per share due to reductions in the value of the
trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business
who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will
it apply to any claims under the Company’s indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”). However, the Company has not asked the Sponsor to reserve
for such indemnification obligations, nor has the Company independently verified whether the Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its
indemnity obligations and the Company believes that the Sponsor’s only assets are securities of the Company. Therefore, the Company
cannot assure that the Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations.

USARE Business Combination

On August 21, 2024 (the “Signing Date”) the Company entered
into the USARE Business Combination Agreement by and among the Company, USARE and Merger Sub, pursuant to which, among other things and
subject to the terms and conditions contained therein, Merger Sub will merge with and into USARE (the “Merger”), with USARE
continuing as the surviving company and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. The transactions contemplated by the Business Combination
Agreement are referred to herein as the “USARE Business Combination.” The combined company’s business will continue
to operate through USARE and its subsidiaries. In connection with the closing of the USARE Business Combination (the “Closing”),
the Company will change its name to “USA Rare Earth, Inc.” (such company after the closing of the Business Combination, “New
USARE”).

F-
8

The Domestication

The Company will, subject to obtaining the required shareholder approvals
and at least one day prior to the date of the closing of the USARE Business Combination (the “Closing” and the date of the
Closing, the “Closing Date”), change its jurisdiction of incorporation by deregistering as a Cayman Islands exempted company
and continuing and domesticating as a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware (the “Domestication”).
At least one day prior to the Domestication, the Company will provide its public shareholders the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares
on the terms and conditions set forth in the USARE Business Combination Agreement and the Company’s governing documents (the “Redemption”).

By virtue of the Domestication and subject to the satisfaction or waiver
of the conditions of the USARE Business Combination Agreement, including approval of the Company’s shareholders: (i) immediately
prior to the Domestication, pursuant to the Sponsor Support Agreement (as defined below) each of the then issued and outstanding Class
B ordinary shares of the Company will convert automatically, on a one-for-one basis, into one (1) Class A ordinary share, par value of
$
0.0001
 per share, of the Company (each a “Class A Ordinary Share”) (the “Sponsor Share Conversion”); and
(ii) in connection with the Domestication, (x) each then issued and outstanding Class A Ordinary Share (that was not redeemed pursuant
to the Redemption) shall convert automatically, on a one-for-one basis, into one (1) share of common stock, par value $
0.0001
 per
share, of the Company (after the Domestication) (the “New USARE Common Stock”); (y) each of the then issued and outstanding
warrants representing the right to purchase one Class A Ordinary Share shall convert automatically into a warrant to acquire one (1) share
of New USARE Common Stock (each a “New USARE Warrant”); and (z) each of the then issued and outstanding units of the Company
will be cancelled and each holder thereof will be entitled to one share of New USARE Common Stock and one-half (1/2) of one New USARE
Warrant.

The Merger and Consideration

Subject to, and in accordance with the terms and conditions of the
USARE Business Combination Agreement, immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger (the “Effective Time”), (i) each
warrant to purchase Class C convertible preferred units of USARE (the “USARE Class C Convertible Preferred Units”) or Class
C-1 convertible preferred units of USARE (the “USARE Class C-1 Convertible Preferred Units”) shall automatically be exercised
on a cashless basis in full in accordance with its terms and (ii) immediately thereafter, each then-issued and outstanding USARE Class
C Convertible Preferred Unit and each then-issued and outstanding USARE Class C-1 Convertible Preferred Unit (including each USARE Class
C Convertible Preferred Unit and USARE Class C-1 Convertible Preferred Unit issued upon the automatic exercise described in the preceding
clause (i)) shall automatically convert into such number of Class B units of USARE (the “USARE Class B Units”) into which
such USARE Class C Convertible Preferred Unit or USARE Class C-1 Convertible Preferred Unit, as applicable, is convertible in connection
with the Merger pursuant to USARE’s Sixth Amended and Restated Operating Agreement, as amended (the “USARE OA”).

Subject to, and in accordance with the terms and conditions of the
USARE Business Combination Agreement, at the Effective Time:

(i)

each unit of USARE that is owned by the Company, Merger Sub or USARE (in treasury or otherwise) immediately prior to the Effective Time (each an “Excluded Unit”) shall be cancelled and shall cease to exist and no consideration shall be delivered in exchange therefore;

(ii)

each incentive unit (the “USARE Incentive Units”) that is issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than Excluded Units) shall, by virtue of the occurrence of the Merger, (x) to the extent the holder of such USARE Incentive Unit is continuously employed by or providing services to USARE from the Signing Date through the Effective Time, be automatically deemed to be fully vested, (y) regardless of such employment or service status, be automatically deemed exchanged or converted (on a cashless basis) into a fraction of one Class A unit of USARE (the “USARE Class A Units”) in accordance with the terms of such USARE Incentive Unit, the USARE OA and the Second Amended and Restated USA Rare Earth, LLC Incentive Plan and each USARE Class A Unit issued or issuable upon such deemed exchange or conversion shall be treated as being issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time;

F-
9

(iii)

each warrant to purchase units of USARE (excluding the USARE Class A Preferred Investor Warrants (as defined below)) (the “USARE Warrants”) that is outstanding and unexercised immediately prior to the Effective Time shall, by virtue of the occurrence of the Merger, automatically be exercised or deemed exercised on a cashless basis in full in accordance with its terms immediately prior to the Effective Time, and each USARE Class A Unit or USARE Class B Unit issued or issuable upon such exercise shall be treated as being issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time;

(iv)

each USARE Class A Unit that is issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (including all USARE Class A Units outstanding or deemed outstanding (a) upon the deemed exchange or conversion of the USARE Incentive Units and (b) upon the deemed exercise of the USARE Warrants, but excluding the Excluded Units) shall be cancelled and converted into the right to receive a number of shares of New USARE Common Stock equal to the Exchange Ratio (as defined below) (the “Per Unit Base Consideration”) and the right to receive, subject to the vesting conditions described below, a number of shares of New USARE Common Stock equal to the Earn-out Exchange Ratio (as defined below) (the “Per Unit Earn-out Consideration”);

(v)

each USARE Class B Unit that is issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (including all USARE Class B Units outstanding or deemed outstanding upon the deemed exercise of the USARE Warrants, but excluding the Excluded Units) shall be cancelled and converted into the right to receive the Per Unit Base Consideration and the Per Unit Earn-out Consideration;

(vi)

each Class A-1 convertible preferred unit of USARE (the “USARE Class A-1 Convertible Preferred Units”) and each Class A-2 convertible preferred unit of USARE (the “USARE Class A-2 Convertible Preferred Units,” and together with the USARE Class A-1 Convertible Preferred Units, the “USARE Class A Convertible Preferred Units”) that is issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than Excluded Units) shall be cancelled and converted into the right to receive one share of Series A Preferred Stock (as defined below); and

(vii)

each USARE Class A Preferred Investor Warrant (as defined below) shall be cancelled and converted into the right to receive a Series A Preferred Investor Warrant (as defined below) exercisable for a number of shares of New USARE Common Stock equal to the aggregate number of USARE Class A Units that would be issued upon full exercise of such USARE Class A Preferred Investor Warrant (as defined below).

Pursuant to the USARE Business Combination Agreement, the aggregate
consideration to be paid in, or in connection with, the Merger in respect of the outstanding equity securities of USARE (excluding the
USARE Class A Convertible Preferred Units and the USARE Class A Preferred Investor Warrants (as defined below)) will be (A) (i) the number
of shares of New USARE Common Stock equal to the quotient of (a) (i) the $
800,000,000
 minus (ii) the aggregate indebtedness of USARE
and its direct and indirect subsidiaries as of immediately prior to the Effective Time (subject to certain exceptions) divided by (b)
the amount equal to the price at which each Public Share may be redeemed pursuant to the Redemption in connection with the Domestication
(collectively, the “Aggregate Base Consideration”) plus (B) subject to the vesting and forfeiture effects of the Earn-out
Exchange Ratio described below, up to 
10,000,000
 shares of New USARE Common Stock (the “Aggregate Earn-out Consideration”).
The Aggregate Earn-out Consideration is subject to certain customary adjustments as described in the USARE Business Combination Agreement.
The “Exchange Ratio” shall be equal to the quotient of (A) the Aggregate Base Consideration divided by the sum (without duplication)
of the aggregate number of (i) USARE Class A Units that are issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, (ii) USARE
Class B Units that are issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (including all USARE Class B Units issued upon conversion
of all outstanding USARE Class C Convertible Preferred Units and USARE Class C-1 Convertible Preferred Units), (iii) all USARE Class A
Units and USARE Class B Units issuable upon full exercise of all issued and outstanding USARE Warrants (calculated using the treasury
method of accounting on a cashless exercise basis) and (iv) all USARE Class A Units and USARE Class B Units issuable upon full exercise,
exchange or conversion of all issued and outstanding USARE Incentive Units (calculated using the treasury method of accounting on a cashless
exercise basis) (such sum, the “USARE Fully Diluted Capital”).

F-
10

The “Earn-out Exchange Ratio” shall be equal to the quotient
of (A) the Aggregate Earn-out Consideration divided by (B) the USARE Fully Diluted Capital. 
50
% of the Aggregate Earn-out Consideration
shall vest and be issued if, during the 
five year
 period beginning on the first anniversary of the Closing Date (the “Earnout
Period”) the closing sale price of one share of New USARE Common Stock as reported on the national securities exchange on which
such shares are then listed is greater than or equal to $
15.00
 for a period of at least twenty out of thirty consecutive Trading
Days (as defined in the Business Combination Agreement). The remaining 
50
% of the Aggregate Earn-out Consideration shall vest and
be issued if, during the Earnout Period, the closing sale price of one share of New USARE Common Stock as reported on the national securities
exchange on which such shares are then listed is greater than or equal to $
20.00
 for a period of at least twenty out of thirty consecutive
trading days. The Aggregate Earn-out Consideration may also vest upon a Change of Control (as defined in the USARE Business Combination
Agreement) pursuant to which New USARE or its shareholders have the right to receive consideration if the implied value per share of New
USARE Common Stock is equal to or above such price targets, with the amount of such consideration dependent upon the implied per share
value reaching the thresholds discussed above).

In connection with the Closing:

i.

USARE and New USARE will enter into a Seventh Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Operating Agreement of USARE, to, among other things, admit New USARE as the managing member of USARE; and

ii.

The Company will file with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware a Certificate of Designations of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of 
12
% Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock Series A Preferred Stock (the “
Series A Preferred Stock Certificate of Designation
”) which sets forth the rights, preferences and privileges of the Series A Preferred Stock (as defined below).

Series A Preferred Stock Investment

In connection with the transactions contemplated by the USARE Business
Combination Agreement, on the Signing Date, the Company, USARE and Inflection Point Fund I, LP, an accredited investor that is an affiliate
of the Company and the Sponsor (the “Series A Preferred Stock Investor”) entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the
“Series A SPA”). Pursuant to the Series A SPA, the Series A Preferred Stock Investor has agreed, among other things, to purchase,
at Closing, shares of New USARE’s 
12
% Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $
0.0001
 per share, having
the rights, preferences and privileges set forth in the Series A Preferred Stock Certificate of Designation (such stock the “Series
A Preferred Stock”) and a warrant to purchase a number of shares of New USARE Common Stock equal to the amount of shares into which
such shares of New USARE Common Stock underlying the Series A Preferred Stock are initially convertible (a “Series A Preferred Investor
Warrant”), for an aggregate purchase price of $
9,117,648
 (the “Series A Preferred Stock Investment”). Each share
of Series A Preferred Stock will have a stated value of $
12.00
 (the “Stated Value”).

In addition, pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as
of August 21, 2024, by and among the Company, Michael Blitzer (the Company’s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer) and USARE, the
Company has agreed to issue at Closing, $
1,250,000
 in Stated Value of Series A Preferred Stock to Mr. Blitzer exchange for his forgiveness
of 
50
% of the then-outstanding balance of the convertible promissory note issued to him by the Company on August 13, 2024 (the “Note”).
This Securities Purchase Agreement is in substantially the form of the Series A SPA, subject to appropriate changes to reflect that (i)
the consideration to be paid by Mr. Blitzer is his forgiveness of 
50
% of the then-outstanding balance of the Note and (ii) Mr. Blitzer
will not receive a Series A Preferred Investor Warrant.

Sponsor Support Agreement

Concurrently with the execution of the USARE Business Combination Agreement,
the Sponsor, the Company and USARE entered into a sponsor support agreement (the “Sponsor Support Agreement”), pursuant to
which, among other things, the Sponsor has agreed to (i) vote to adopt and approve the USARE Business Combination Agreement and the other
documents contemplated therein and the transactions contemplated therein and (ii) forfeit 
60,000
 New USARE Warrants for every
$
1,000,000
 by which (x) the gross proceeds at the closing of the USARE Business Combination from the Trust Account (after giving
effect to the Redemption plus (y) the gross proceeds from the Class A Preferred Unit Investment (as defined in the UASRE Business Combination
Agreement), the Series A Preferred Stock Investment and any PIPE Investment (as defined in the USARE Business Combination Agreement) are
below $
50,000,000
, up to a maximum of 
1,500,000
 New USARE Warrants forfeited.

F-
11

Member Support Agreement

Concurrently with the execution of the USARE Business Combination Agreement,
the Company, entered into a member support agreement (the “Member Support Agreement”) with USARE and certain members of USARE
(the “Supporting USARE Members”) pursuant to which each such Supporting USARE Members have agreed to, among other things,
support and vote in favor of the USARE Business Combination Agreement, and the transactions contemplated therein (including the Merger).

Fee Reduction Agreement

Pursuant to that certain Underwriting Agreement between the Company
and CF&CO, as representative of the several underwriters (“CF&CO”), dated May 24, 2023 (as it may be amended from
time to time, the “Underwriting Agreement”), the Company previously agreed to pay to CF&CO an aggregate cash amount of
$
13,100,000
 as “deferred underwriting commissions” (the “Original Deferred Fee”) upon the consummation of
an initial business combination, as contemplated by the final prospectus of the Company, filed with the SEC (File No. 333- 271128), and
dated May 24, 2024. Solely in connection with the USARE Business Combination, 
the Company, CF&CO and USARE have entered into
that certain fee reduction agreement, dated as of August 20, 2024 (the “Fee Reduction Agreement”), pursuant to which, upon
consummation of the USARE Business Combination, CF&CO will accept, in lieu of such Original Deferred Fee: (i) either (at the Company’s
option) (A) a cash fee of $4,000,000 or (B) (1) a cash fee of $2,000,000 plus (2) 400,000 shares of New USARE Common Stock, plus (ii)
2.0% of the amount by which the Total Capital Raised (as defined in the Fee Reduction Agreement) exceeds $50,000,000.
 Additionally,
solely if the Company elects to pay the all-cash fee discussed above, CF&CO will forfeit 
1,650,000
 Private Placement Warrants
(as defined by the Fee Reduction Agreement).

Amendment No. 1 to Business Combination Agreement

On November 12, 2024, the Company and USARE entered into that certain
Amendment No. 1 to the Business Combination Agreement (the “BCA Amendment”). The BCA Amendment:

(i)

amends Section 2.02(b) and Section 2.03(b)(iii) to provide that in connection with the Business Combination, each USARE Class A Preferred Investor Warrant shall be cancelled and converted into the right to receive a Domesticated Purchaser Series A Preferred Investor Warrant (as defined in the Business Combination Agreement) exercisable for a number of shares of common stock of New USARE equal to the aggregate number of Class A units of USARE that would be issued upon full exercise of such USARE Class A Preferred Investor Warrant; and

(ii)

amends Article X to define the term “Expiration Time” with respect to the Member Support Agreement (as defined in the Business Combination Agreement) to mean the earlier of the closing of the Business Combination or the termination of the Business Combination Agreement.

Extensions of the Combination Period

On November 18, 2024, the Company held an extraordinary general meeting
in lieu of an annual meeting of shareholders (the “Extraordinary General Meeting”). At the Extraordinary General Meeting,
the Company’s shareholders approved a proposal to amend the Company’s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association
to extend the date by which the Company must complete a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization
or similar business combination involving the Company and one or more businesses from November 30, 2024 to August 21, 2025 (the “Extension
Amendment”).

F-
12

In connection with the Extraordinary General Meeting, shareholders
holding an aggregate of 
22,794,651
 Public Shares exercised their right to redeem their Public Shares for approximately $
10.83
 per
share of the funds held in the Company’s trust account.

Going Concern Consideration

As of December 31, 2024, the Company had $
2,101
 of cash and working
capital deficit of $
3,881,948
. The Company has incurred and expects to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of its acquisition
plans. The Company’s cash and working capital are not sufficient to complete its planned activities one year from the issuance date
of the financial statements. In addition, the Company has until August 21, 2025 to consummate a Business Combination. It is uncertain
that the Company will be able to consummate a Business Combination by this time or that the Company will obtain shareholder approval to
extend the date by which the Company must consummate a Business Combination and implement such extension. If a Business Combination is
not consummated by the Business Combination deadline, there will be a mandatory liquidation of the Trust Account. These conditions raise
substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. Management plans to address this uncertainty through
a Business Combination. There is no assurance that the Company’s plans to raise capital or to consummate a Business Combination
will be successful within the Completion Window. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome
of this uncertainty.

Note 2 — Significant Accounting Policies

Basis of Presentation

The accompanying financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars
and have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“U.S. GAAP”)
and pursuant to the accounting and disclosure rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”).

Emerging Growth Company Status

The Company is an “emerging growth company,” as defined
in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart our Business Startups Act of 2012, (the “JOBS Act”), and
it may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are
not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of
Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in its periodic reports and proxy
statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval
of any golden parachute payments not previously approved.

Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth
companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that
have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange
Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to
opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election
to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard
is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company,
can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of the
Company’s financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company
which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting
standards used.

Use of Estimates

The preparation of the financial statements in conformity with US GAAP
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent
assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting period. Actual
results could differ from those estimates.

F-
13

Cash and Cash Equivalents

The Company considers all short-term investments with an original maturity
of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. The Company has $
2,101
 and $
275,665
 in cash as of December
31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.

Marketable Securities Held in Trust Account

At December 31, 2024 and 2023, all of the assets held in the Trust
Account were held in money market funds which are invested only in U.S. government securities. Investments in money market funds are presented
on the balance sheet at fair value at the end of each reporting period. Dividend income earned from investments in these securities are
included in the accompanying statements of operations

Offering Costs

The Company complies with the requirements of the ASC 340-10-S99-1
and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 5A — “Expenses of Offering”. Offering costs consist principally of professional
and registration fees, cash underwriting discount, and deferred underwriting fees incurred through the balance sheet date that are related
to the IPO. Offering costs were allocated to the separable financial instruments issued in the IPO based on relative fair value basis,
compared to total proceeds received. Offering costs allocated to the Public Shares were charged against the carrying value of Class A
ordinary shares subject to possible redemption upon the completion of the IPO and offering costs allocated to Public Warrants (as defined
in Note 3) were charged to shareholders’ deficit upon the completion of the IPO.

Fair Value of Financial Instruments

The fair value of the Company’s assets and liabilities, which
qualify as financial instruments under FASB ASC 820, “Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures,“approximates the carrying amounts
represented in the balance sheets, primarily due to its short-term nature.

Forward Purchase Agreements

The Company does not use derivative instruments to hedge exposures
to cash flow, market, or foreign currency risks. The Company evaluates all of its financial instruments, including issued warrants, to
determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives, pursuant to ASC 480, “Distinguishing
Liabilities from Equity” and ASC 815-40, “Derivatives and Hedging—Contracts in Entity’s Own Equity” (“ASC
815-40”). The classification of derivative instruments, including whether such instruments should be recorded as liabilities or
as equity, is re-assessed at the end of each reporting period.

The Forward Purchase Option in the Non-Redemption Agreements of the
Company meets the definition of an obligation to repurchase shares by transferring assets arrangement under ASC 480-10, therefore, the
Forward Purchase Option is required to be classified as a liability at fair value. Subsequently, changes in fair value are reported in
earnings in statements of operations.

Class A Redeemable Share Classification

The Public Shares contain a redemption feature which allows for the
redemption of such Public Shares in connection with the Company’s liquidation, or if there is a shareholder vote or tender offer
in connection with the Company’s initial Business Combination. In accordance with ASC 480-10-S99, the Company classifies Public
Shares subject to redemption outside of permanent equity as the redemption provisions are not solely within the control of the Company.
The Public Shares sold as part of the Units in the IPO were issued with other freestanding instruments (i.e., Public Warrants) and as
such, the initial carrying value of Public Shares classified as temporary equity are the allocated proceeds determined in accordance with
ASC 470-20. The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as it occurs and will adjust the carrying value of redeemable
shares to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Immediately upon the closing of the IPO, the Company recognized
the accretion from initial book value to redemption amount value. The change in the carrying value of redeemable shares will result in
charges against additional paid-in capital and accumulated deficit. Accordingly, at December 31, 2024 and 2023, 
2,205,349
 and 
25,000,000
 Class
A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, respectively, are presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the
shareholders’ deficit section of the Company’s balance sheet. The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately
as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable shares to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases
or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable shares are affected by charges against additional paid in capital and accumulated deficit. 

F-
14

In connection with the Extraordinary General Meeting held on November
18, 2024, shareholders holding an aggregate of 
22,794,651
 Class A ordinary shares of the Company exercised their right
to redeem their Public Shares for approximately $
10.83
 per share of the funds held in the Company’s trust account.

At December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Class A ordinary shares subject
to redemption reflected in the balance sheet are reconciled in the following table:

Gross proceeds

$
250,000,000

Less:

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants

(
2,087,500
)

Class A ordinary shares issuance cost

(
18,183,179
)

Plus:

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value

29,242,197

Class A Ordinary Shares subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2023

$
258,971,518

Less:

Redemption

(
246,916,015
)

Plus:

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value

12,019,932

Class A Ordinary Shares subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2024

$
24,075,435

Income Taxes

The Company follows the asset and liability method of accounting for
income taxes under FASB ASC 740, “Income Taxes” (“ASC 740”). Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized
for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets
and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply
to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax
assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that included the enactment date. Valuation allowances
are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized.

The Company accounts for income taxes under ASC 740. ASC 740 prescribes
a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or
expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more likely than not to be sustained
upon examination by taxing authorities. The Company’s management determined that the Cayman Islands is the Company’s major
tax jurisdiction. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. As
of December 31, 2024 and 2023, there were no unrecognized tax benefits and no amounts accrued for interest and penalties. The Company
is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position.
The Company’s management does not expect that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will materially change over the next
twelve months.

F-
15

The Company is considered to be an exempted Cayman Islands company
with no connection to any other taxable jurisdiction and is presently not subject to income taxes or income tax filing requirements in
the Cayman Islands or the United States.

Net Income per Ordinary Share

The Company complies with accounting and disclosure requirements of
FASB ASC Topic 260, “Earnings Per Share”. Net income per ordinary share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted
average number of ordinary shares outstanding for the period. Accretion associated with the redeemable shares of Class A ordinary shares
is excluded from income per ordinary share as the redemption value approximates fair value.

The calculation of diluted income per ordinary share does not consider
the effect of the warrants issued in connection with the (i) IPO, and (ii) the private placement since the exercise of the warrants is
contingent upon the occurrence of future events. The warrants are exercisable to purchase 
20,150,000
 Class A ordinary shares
in the aggregate. At December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company did not have any dilutive securities or other contracts that could, potentially,
be exercised or converted into ordinary shares and then share in the earnings of the Company. As a result, diluted net income per ordinary
share is the same as basic net income per ordinary share for the periods presented. 

The following table reflects the calculation of basic and diluted net
income per ordinary share (in dollars, except per share amounts):

For the
 Year
 Ended
 December 31,

For The
 Period
 from
 March 6,
 2023
 (Inception)
 Through
 December 31

2024

2023

Net Income

$
7,899,035

$
6,748,069

Accretion of temporary equity to redemption value

—

(
21,520,679
)

Dividend income from Trust Account

(
12,019,932
)

(
7,721,518
)

Net loss including accretion of temporary equity to redemption value

$
(
4,120,897
)

$
(
22,494,128
)

For the Year Ended
 December 31, 2024

For The Period from
 March 6, 2023
 (Inception) Through
 December 31, 2023

Redeemable
 shares

Non-redeemable
 shares

Redeemable
 shares

Non-redeemable
 shares

Basic and diluted net loss per ordinary share

Numerator:

Allocation of net loss

$
(
3,219,467
)

$
(
901,430
)

$
(
16,662,030
)

$
(
5,832,098
)

Accretion of temporary equity to redemption value

—

—

21,520,679

—

Net income including accretion of temporary equity to redemption value

12,019,932

—

7,721,518

—

Net income (loss)

8,800,465

(
901,430
)

12,580,167

(
5,832,098
)

Denominator:

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding

22,321,940

6,250,000

17,916,667

6,271,250

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per ordinary share

$
0.39

$
(
0.14
)

$
0.70

$
(
0.93
)

F-
16

Recent Accounting Pronouncements

In November 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-07, Segment
Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures. The amendments in this ASU require disclosures,
on an annual and interim basis, of significant segment expenses that are regularly provided to the chief operating officer decision maker
(“CODM”), as well as the aggregate amount of other segment items included in the reported measure of segment profit or loss.
The ASU requires that a public entity disclose the title and position of the CODM and an explanation of how the CODM uses the
reported measure(s) of segment profit or loss in assessing segment performance and deciding how to allocate resources. Public entities
will be required to provide all annual disclosures currently required by Topic 280 in interim periods, and entities with a single
reportable segment are required to provide all the disclosures required by the amendments in this ASU and existing segment disclosures
in Topic 280. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim periods within fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2024, with early adoption permitted.

Management does not believe that any recently issued, but not effective,
accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the Company’s financial statements.

Risks and Uncertainties

United States and global markets are experiencing volatility and disruption
following the geopolitical instability resulting from the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict and the recent escalation of the Israel-Hamas
conflict. In response to the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (“NATO”) deployed additional
military forces to eastern Europe, and the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union and other countries have announced various
sanctions and restrictive actions against Russia, Belarus and related individuals and entities, including the removal of certain financial
institutions from the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication (SWIFT) payment system. Certain countries, including
the United States, have also provided and may continue to provide military aid or other assistance to Ukraine and to Israel, increasing
geopolitical tensions among a number of nations. The invasion of Ukraine by Russia and the escalation of the Israel-Hamas conflict and
the resulting measures that have been taken, and could be taken in the future, by NATO, the United States, the United Kingdom, the European
Union, Israel and its neighboring states and other countries have created global security concerns that could have a lasting impact on
regional and global economies. Although the length and impact of the ongoing conflicts are highly unpredictable, they could lead to market
disruptions, including significant volatility in commodity prices, credit and capital markets, as well as supply chain interruptions and
increased cyber-attacks against U.S. companies. Additionally, any resulting sanctions could adversely affect the global economy and financial
markets and lead to instability and lack of liquidity in capital markets.

Any of the above mentioned factors, or any other negative impact on
the global economy, capital markets or other geopolitical conditions resulting from the Russian invasion of Ukraine, the escalation of
the Israel-Hamas conflict and subsequent sanctions or related actions, could adversely affect the Company’s search for an initial
business combination and any target business with which the Company may ultimately consummate an initial business combination. 

Note 3 — Initial Public Offering

Pursuant to the IPO on May 30, 2023, the Company sold 
25,000,000
 Units,
which includes a partial exercise by the underwriter of their over-allotment option in the amount of 
3,000,000
 Units, at a purchase
price of $
10.00
 per Unit. Each Unit consists of 
one
 Class A ordinary share, and 
one-half of one
 redeemable Public
Warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase 
one
 Class A ordinary share at a price of $
11.50
 per share,
subject to adjustment. Each warrant will become exercisable 
30 days
 after the completion of the initial Business Combination
and will expire 
five years
 after the completion of the initial Business Combination, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation.

F-
17

Warrants — 
As of December 31, 2024 and 2023,
there are 
20,150,000
 warrants issued and outstanding. Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase 
one
 Class
A ordinary share at a price of $
11.50
 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed herein. The warrants cannot be exercised until 
30 days

after the completion of the initial Business Combination, and will expire at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, 
five years
 after
the completion of the initial Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation.

The Company will not be obligated to deliver any Class A ordinary shares
pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under
the Securities Act with respect to the Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto
is current. No warrant will be exercisable and the Company will not be obligated to issue a Class A ordinary share upon exercise of a
warrant unless the Class A ordinary share issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under
the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately
preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant
and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event will the Company be required to net cash settle any warrant. In the
event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised warrants, and cashless exercise is unavailable the purchaser of
a Unit containing such warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the Unit solely for the Class A ordinary share underlying such
Unit.

Under the terms of the warrant agreement, the Company has agreed that,
as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 
20
 business days, after the closing of its Business Combination, it will use its commercially
reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a post-effective amendment to the registration statement for the IPO or a new registration statement
covering the registration under the Securities Act of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and thereafter
will use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within 
60
 business days following the Company’s
initial Business Combination and to maintain a current prospectus relating to the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the
warrants until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. If a registration statement
covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the sixtieth (60th) business day after
the closing of the initial Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement
and during any period when the Company will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a “cashless
basis” in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. Notwithstanding the above, if the Class A
ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition
of a “covered security” under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of warrants
who exercise their warrants to do so on a “cashless basis” in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in
the event the Company so elects, the Company will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, and in the event
the Company does not so elect, the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable
blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available.

If the holders exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, they would
pay the warrant exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained
by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the “fair
market value” of the Class A ordinary shares over the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value. The “fair
market value” is the average reported closing price of the Class A ordinary shares for the 
10
 trading days ending on the
third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of exercise is received by the warrant agent or on which the notice of redemption
is sent to the holders of warrants, as applicable.

Redemption of Warrants When the Price per Class A Ordinary
Share Equals or Exceeds $
18.00
: Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding warrants:

●

in whole and not in part;

●

at a price of $
0.01
 per warrant;

●

upon a minimum of 
30
 days’ prior written notice of redemption (the “
30
-day redemption period”); and

F-
18

●

if, and only if, the last reported sale price (the “closing price”) of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds $
18.00
 per share for any 
20
 trading days within a 
30
-trading day period commencing at least 
150 days
 after completion of the Company’s initial Business Combination and ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends to the notice of redemption to the warrant holders.

Additionally, if the number of outstanding Class A ordinary shares
is increased by a share capitalization payable in Class A ordinary shares, or by a sub-division of ordinary shares or other similar event,
then, on the effective date of such share capitalization, sub-division or similar event, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable
on exercise of each warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase in the outstanding ordinary shares. A rights offering made
to all or substantially all holders of ordinary shares entitling holders to purchase Class A ordinary shares at a price less than the
fair market value will be deemed a share capitalization of a number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the product of (i) the number
of Class A ordinary shares actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering
that are convertible into or exercisable for Class A ordinary shares) and (ii) the quotient of (x) the price per Class A ordinary share
paid in such rights offering and (y) the fair market value. For these purposes (i) if the rights offering is for securities convertible
into or exercisable for Class A ordinary shares, in determining the price payable for Class A ordinary shares, there will be taken into
account any consideration received for such rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion and (ii) fair
market value means the volume weighted average price of Class A ordinary shares as reported during the ten (
10
) trading day period
ending on the trading day prior to the first date on which the Class A ordinary shares trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable
market, regular way, without the right to receive such rights.

Note 4 — Private Placement

Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, the Sponsor and Cantor
Fitzgerald & Co., the representative of the underwriters, purchased an aggregate of 
7,650,000
 Private Placement Warrants,
each exercisable to purchase 
one
 Class A ordinary share at $
11.50
 per share, at a price of $
1.00
 per Private Placement
Warrant, or $
7,650,000
 in the aggregate, in a private placement. Of those 
7,650,000
 Private Placement Warrants, the Sponsor
purchased 
6,000,000
 Private Placement Warrants and Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. purchased 
1,650,000
 Private Placement
Warrants. Each Private Placement Warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of
$
11.50
 per share, subject to adjustment.

The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants
sold in the IPO except that, so long as they are held by the Sponsor, Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. or their permitted transferees, the
Private Placement Warrants (i) may not (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of these Private Placement Warrants),
subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holders until 
30
 days after the completion of the initial
Business Combination, (ii) will be entitled to registration rights and (iii) with respect to Private Placement Warrants held by Cantor
Fitzgerald & Co. and/or its designees, will not be exercisable more than 
five years
 from the closing of the IPO in accordance with
FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8).

The Company’s Sponsor, officers and directors have entered into
a letter agreement with the Company, pursuant to which they have agreed to (i) waive their redemption rights with respect to their
Founder Shares and Public Shares in connection with the completion of the initial Business Combination or an earlier redemption in connection
with the commencement of the procedures to consummate the initial Business Combination if the Company determines it is desirable to facilitate
the completion of the initial Business Combination; (ii) waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares and Public
Shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the Company’s amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Company’s obligation to allow redemption in connection with the
initial Business Combination or to redeem 
100
% of the Public Shares if the Company has not consummated an initial Business Combination
within the Completion Window or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders’ rights or pre-initial
Business Combination activity; (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to their
Founder Shares if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the Completion Window, although they will be entitled
to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Public Shares they hold if the Company fails to complete the initial
Business Combination within the Completion Window and to liquidating distributions from assets outside the Trust Account; and (iv) vote
any Founder Shares held by them and any Public Shares purchased during or after the IPO (including in open market and privately-negotiated
transactions) in favor of the initial Business Combination (subject to applicable law).

F-
19

Note 5 — Related Party Transactions

Founder Shares

On March 8, 2023, the Sponsor made a capital contribution of $
25,000
,
or approximately $
0.004
 per share, to cover certain of the Company’s expenses, for which the Company issued 
5,750,000
 Founders
Shares to the Sponsor. On May 24, 2023, the Company effected a share capitalization of 
575,000
, resulting in the Sponsor holding 
6,325,000
 Founder
Shares. All share and per-share amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect the share capitalization. The Founder Shares included
an aggregate of 
825,000
 shares that were subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor depending on the extent to which the underwriters’
over-allotment option was exercised. As a result of the underwriters’ election to partially exercise their over-allotment option
on May 30, 2023, 
75,000
 Founder Shares were forfeited resulting in the Sponsor holding 
6,250,000
 Founder Shares. The
remaining Founder Shares are no longer subject to forfeiture. On November 18, 2024, pursuant to the terms of the Company’s Amended
and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, the Sponsor, the holder of an aggregate of 
6,250,000
 Class B ordinary shares
(“Class B Ordinary Shares”) elected to convert 
6,200,000
 outstanding Class B Ordinary Shares held by it on a one-for-one
basis into Class A ordinary shares of the Company, with immediate effect. Following such conversion and giving effect to the redemption
of Public Shares in connection with the Extension Amendment, as of November 18, 2024, the Company had an aggregate of 
8,405,349
 Class
A ordinary shares issued and outstanding and 
50,000
 Class B Ordinary Shares issued and outstanding.

The Company’s Sponsor, officers and directors have agreed not
to transfer, assign or sell any of their Founder Shares (including any Class A ordinary shares issued upon conversion of Class B ordinary
shares) until the earlier to occur of (i) one year after the completion of the initial Business Combination or (ii) the date on which
the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction after the initial Business Combination that results
in all of the Company’s shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property.
Any permitted transferees will be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of the Company’s initial shareholders with
respect to any Founder Shares (the “Lock-up”). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if (1) the closing price of the Class A ordinary
shares equals or exceeds $
12.00
 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like) for any 
20
 trading days within any 
30
-trading day period commencing at least 
150 days
 after the
initial Business Combination or (2) if the Company consummates a transaction after the initial Business Combination which results in the
Company’s shareholders having the right to exchange their shares for cash, securities or other property, the Founder Shares will
be released from the Lock-up.

At the Closing, the Sponsor will enter into a Lock-Up Agreement (the
“Sponsor Lock-Up Agreement”), pursuant to which the Sponsor and its permitted assigns will agree not to, prior to the date
that is six (6) months after the Closing Date (the “Initial Common Stock Lock-Up Period”), (i) sell, pledge, grant any option
to purchase or otherwise dispose of (a) any shares of New USARE Common Stock the Sponsor received upon conversion of its Founder Shares
(following the automatic conversion of each of the issued and outstanding Class B ordinary shares of the Company immediately prior to
the Domestication, on a one-for-one basis, into one (1) Class A ordinary share of the Company), in connection with the Domestication (the
“Sponsor Lock-Up Shares”), (ii) enter into any swap or other transfer arrangement in respect of the Sponsor Lock-Up Shares
or (iii) take any other similar actions (the actions specified in the foregoing clauses (i) through (iii), collectively, “Transfer”
in each case, without the prior written consent of the board of directors of New USARE (the “New USARE Board”)). The Sponsor
and its permitted assigns will also agree not to, prior to the date that is twelve (12) months after the Closing Date (the “Second
Common Stock Lock-Up Period”), Transfer more than 50% of the Sponsor Lock-Up Shares in each case, without the prior written consent
of the New USARE Board. In addition, the Sponsor will agree to not Transfer any warrants received upon conversion of Private Placement
Warrants in connection with the Domestication (or the shares of New USARE Common Stock issuable upon exercise of such warrants), prior
to the date that is 
30 days
 after the Closing Date. The Sponsor Lock-Up Agreement will provide for certain permitted transfers,
including but not limited to, transfers to certain affiliates or family members, transfers of shares acquired on the open market after
the consummation of the Business Combination, subject to certain conditions, or the exercise of certain stock options and warrants.

F-
20

Promissory Note — Related Party

The Sponsor agreed to loan the Company an aggregate of up to $
300,000
 to
be used for a portion of the expenses of the IPO. The loan is non-interest bearing, unsecured and due at the earlier of December 31, 2023
or the closing of the IPO. The outstanding balance of $
179,665
 was repaid at the closing of the IPO on May 30, 2023.

Services and Indemnification Agreement

Commencing on May 24, 2023, the Company entered into an agreement pursuant
to which it agreed to pay an aggregate of $
27,083
 per month to The Venture Collective LLC (“TVC”), an affiliate of one
of the Company’s directors, Nicholas Shekerdemian, for the services of Peter Ondishin, Chief Financial Officer, and Kevin Shannon,
Chief of Staff. In addition, the Company has agreed that it will indemnify the Sponsor and TVC from any claims arising out of or relating
to the IPO or the Company’s operations or conduct of the Company’s business or any claim against the Sponsor and/or TVC alleging
any expressed or implied management or endorsement by the Sponsor and/or TVC of any of the Company’s activities or any express or
implied association between the Sponsor and/or TVC, on the one hand, and the Company or any of its other affiliates, on the other hand,
which agreement provides that the indemnified parties cannot access the funds held in the Trust Account. The services and indemnification
agreement also provides that Peter Ondishin and Kevin Shannon cannot access the funds held in the Trust Account.

On March 28, 2024, the Company entered into the Amendment to the Services
and Indemnification Agreement pursuant to which, the Monthly Fee paid to TVC, effective as of 
January 1, 2024
, was reduced from $
27,083.33
 to
(i) $
17,708.33
 for the period from January 1, 2024 to January 31, 2024 and (ii) $
24,091
 for the period starting February 1,
2024.

On August 9, 2024, the Company entered into the Second Amendment to
the Services and Indemnification Agreement pursuant to which, the Monthly Fee paid to TVC, effective as of April 1, 2024, was reduced
from $
24,091
 to $
18,882
 for the period starting 
April 1, 2024
. The Monthly Fee was further reduced from $
18,882
 to $
14,746
 for
the period starting September 1, 2024.

On November 8, 2024, the Company entered into the Third Amendment to
the Services and Indemnification Agreement pursuant to which, the Monthly Fee paid to TVC, effective as of 
November 1, 2024
, was
reduced from $
14,746
 to $
7,373
 for the period starting October 1, 2024. Upon completion of a Business Combination or its liquidation,
the Company will cease paying the Monthly Fee.

For the year ended December 31, 2024 and for the period from March
6, 2023 (inception) through December 31, 2023, the Company incurred and paid $
204,541
 and $
196,806
 for these services, respectively.

Related Party Loans

In order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business
Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of the Company’s officers and directors may, but are not obligated
to, loan the Company funds as may be required (the “Working Capital Loans”). If the Company completes a Business Combination,
the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use amounts
held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds from the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working
Capital Loans. Up to $
1,500,000
 of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into private placement warrants of the post Business
Combination entity at a price of $
1.00
 per private placement warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical
to the Private Placement Warrants. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, no such Working Capital Loans were outstanding.

On August 13, 2024, to document existing and future Working Capital
Loans, the Company issued the Note to Michael Blitzer, the Company’s Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to which the Company may
borrow up to $
2,500,000
 from Mr. Blitzer, related to ongoing expenses reasonably related to the business of the Company and the consummation
of the Business Combination.

F-
21

All unpaid principal under the Note shall be due and payable in full
on the earlier of (i) November 30, 2024, or such later date by which the Company must consummate a Business Combination pursuant to its
governing documents (as may be amended by a shareholder vote) and (ii) the effective date of a Business Combination (such earlier date,
the “Maturity Date”), unless accelerated upon the occurrence of an event of default as set forth in the Note. Mr. Blitzer
will have the option, at any time on or prior to the repayment of amounts owed under the Note, to convert up to $
1,500,000
 outstanding
under the Note into warrants to purchase Class A ordinary shares at a conversion price of $
1.00
 per warrant, with each warrant entitling
the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of $
11.50
 per share, subject to the same adjustments applicable
to the Private Placement Warrants. As of December 31, 2024, the Company has an outstanding borrowing of $
1,200,000
 under the Note.

Pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 21,
2024, by and among the Company, Michael Blitzer and USARE, the Company has agreed to issue at Closing, $
1,250,000
 in Stated Value
of Series A Preferred Stock to Mr. Blitzer exchange for his forgiveness of 
50
% of the then-outstanding balance of the Note. In addition,
pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 21, 2024, by and between USARE and Mr. Blitzer, USARE issued 
122,549
 USARE
Class A-2 Convertible Preferred Units and a warrant to purchase up to 
31,250
 USARE Class A Units in exchange
for Mr. Blitzer’s promise to forgive, at Closing, the other 
50
% of the then-outstanding balance of the Note.

Note 6 — Commitments and Contingencies

Registration Rights

The holders of the Founder Shares, Private Placement Warrants and the
Class A ordinary shares underlying such Private Placement Warrants and Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon
conversion of the Working Capital Loans have registration rights to require the Company to register a sale of any of the Company’s
securities held by them and any other securities of the Company acquired by them prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination
pursuant to a registration rights agreement signed on May 24, 2023. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands,
excluding short form demands, that the Company registers such securities. In addition, the holders have certain “piggy-back”
registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion of the initial Business Combination. The
Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.

Concurrently with the Closing, New USARE, the Sponsor, and other parties
thereto will enter into a registration rights agreement (the “Registration Rights Agreement”), pursuant to which, among other
things, New USARE will agree that, promptly after the Closing Date, it will file with the SEC (at New USARE’s sole cost and expense)
a registration statement registering the resale of certain securities held by or issuable to the parties thereto (the “Resale Registration
Statement”), and New USARE will use its reasonable best efforts to have the Resale Registration Statement declared effective as
soon as reasonably practicable after the filing thereof, and in any event within ninety (90) days after the Closing Date. Such holders
will be entitled to customary piggyback registration rights and demand registration rights.

Underwriters Agreement

The underwriters had a 45-day option from the date of the IPO to purchase
up to an additional 
3,300,000
 Units to cover over-allotments, if any. On May 30, 2023, simultaneously with the closing of the
IPO, the underwriters elected to partially exercise the over-allotment option to purchase an additional 
3,000,000
 Units at a
price of $
10.00
 per Unit. The underwriters determined to forfeit the right to purchase the remaining 
300,000
 Units.

The underwriters were entitled to a cash underwriting discount of $
4,400,000
 (
2.0
%
of the gross proceeds of the Units offered in the IPO, excluding any proceeds from Units sold pursuant to the underwriters’ over-allotment
option). Additionally, the underwriters are entitled to a deferred underwriting commission of 
5.0
% on the base deal and an additional 
7.0
%
on the Units sold pursuant to the underwriters’ option to purchase additional Units (or $
13,100,000
 in the aggregate) of the
gross proceeds of the IPO held in the Trust Account upon the completion of the Company’s initial Business Combination subject to
the terms of the underwriting agreement.

F-
22

Pursuant to the Fee Reduction Agreement, solely in connection with
the USARE Business Combination, upon consummation of the Business Combination, CF&CO will accept, in lieu of such Original Deferred
Fee: (i) either (at the Company’s option) (A) a cash fee of $4,000,000 or (B) (1) a cash fee of $2,000,000 plus (2) 400,000 shares
of New USARE Common Stock, plus (ii) 2.0% of the amount by which the Total Capital Raised (as defined in the Fee Reduction Agreement)
exceeds $50,000,000. Additionally, solely if the Company elects to pay the all-cash fee discussed above, CF&CO will forfeit 1,650,000
Private Placement Warrants.

Business Combination Agreement

Refer to Note 1 for details.

Non-Redemption Agreement

On both November 13, 2024 and November 14, 2024, the Company entered
into several non-redemption agreements (the “Non-Redemption Agreements”) with certain counterparties (the “Counterparties”).
Pursuant to the Non-Redemption Agreements, each Counterparty agreed not to redeem (or to validly rescind any redemption requests with
respect to) certain publicly-held Class A ordinary shares of the Company (“Non-Redeemed Shares”) in connection with the shareholder
vote on the Extension Proposal. In exchange for the foregoing commitments not to redeem the Non-Redeemed Shares, the Company granted such
Counterparties options to enter into forward purchase agreements (the “Forward Purchase Agreements”) in connection with the
closing of the Business Combination (the “Forward Purchase Options”) with respect to Class A ordinary shares of the Company.
Pursuant to the Forward Purchase Options, each Counterparty will have the right, but not the obligation, to enter into an over-the-counter
Equity Prepaid Forward Transaction (a “Forward Purchase Transaction”) with respect to Class A ordinary shares of the Company
in connection with the closing of the Business Combination.

Forward Purchase Agreement

On November 13, 2024, the Company and Newtyn Partners, LP and Newtyn
TE Partners, LP (collectively, “Newtyn”), entered into a non-redemption agreement (the “Newtyn Non-Redemption Agreement”).
Pursuant to the Newtyn Non-Redemption Agreement, Newtyn agreed not to redeem (or to validly rescind any redemption requests with respect
to) an aggregate of 
700,000
 publicly-held Class A ordinary shares of Inflection Point (“Newtyn Non-Redeemed Shares”)
in connection with the shareholder vote on the Articles Extension Proposal. In exchange for the foregoing commitment not to redeem the
Newtyn Non-Redeemed Shares, Inflection Point granted Newtyn an option to enter into a forward purchase agreement (the “Newtyn Forward
Purchase Agreement”) in connection with the closing of the Business Combination (the “Forward Purchase Option”) with
respect to up to 
700,000
 Class A ordinary shares of Inflection Point. Pursuant to the Forward Purchase Option, Newtyn will have
the right, but not the obligation, to enter into an over-the-counter Equity Prepaid Forward Transaction (a “Forward Purchase Transaction”)
with respect to up to 
700,000
 Class A ordinary shares of the Company in connection with the closing of the Business Combination.
The Company recorded $
200,417
 loss on issuance of Forward Purchase Agreements and Forward Purchase Agreements liability reported
in the accompanying statements of operations and balance sheets, respectively, on the initial recognition of 
700,000
 Newtyn
Non-Redeemed Shares.

On November 14, 2024, the Company and Harraden Circle Investors LP
and Harraden Circle Special Opportunities LP (collectively, “Harraden”), entered into a non-redemption agreement (the “Harraden
Non-Redemption Agreement”). Pursuant to the Harraden Non-Redemption Agreement, Harraden agreed not to redeem (or to validly rescind
any redemption requests with respect to) an aggregate of 
700,000
 publicly-held Class A ordinary shares of the Company (“Harraden
Non-Redeemed Shares”) in connection with the shareholder vote on the Articles Extension Proposal. In exchange for the foregoing
commitment not to redeem the Harraden Non-Redeemed Shares, Inflection Point granted Harraden an option to enter into a forward purchase
agreement (the “Harraden Forward Purchase Agreement”) in connection with the closing of the Business Combination (the “Forward
Purchase Option”) with respect to up to 
700,000
 Class A ordinary shares of Inflection Point. Pursuant to the Forward Purchase
Option, Harraden will have the right, but not the obligation, to enter into an over-the-counter Equity Prepaid Forward Transaction (a
“Forward Purchase Transaction”) with respect to up to 
700,000
 Class A ordinary shares of the Company in connection
with the closing of the proposed business combination (the “Business Combination”) with USA Rare Earth, LLC, a Delaware limited
liability. The Company recorded $
199,098
 loss on issuance of Forward Purchase Agreements and Forward Purchase Agreements liability
reported in the accompanying statements of operations and balance sheets, respectively, on the initial recognition of 
700,000
 Harraden
Non-Redeemed Shares.

F-
23

On November 14, 2024, the Company and L1 Capital Global Opportunities
Master Fund (“L1”) entered into a non-redemption agreement (the “L1 Non-Redemption Agreement” and, together with
the Harraden Non-Redemption Agreement, the “Non-Redemption Agreements”). Pursuant to the L1 Non-Redemption Agreement, L1 agreed
not to redeem (or to validly rescind any redemption requests with respect to) an aggregate of 
300,000
 publicly-held Class A
ordinary shares of the Company (“L1 Non-Redeemed Shares”) in connection with the shareholder vote on the Articles Extension
Proposal. In exchange for the foregoing commitment not to redeem the L1 Non-Redeemed Shares, Inflection Point granted L1 an option to
enter into a forward purchase agreement (the “L1 Forward Purchase Agreement” and together with the Harraden Forward Purchase
Agreement the “Forward Purchase Agreements”) which granted L1 a Forward Purchase Option with respect to up to 
300,000
 Class
A ordinary shares of Inflection Point. Pursuant to the Forward Purchase Option, L1 will have the right, but not the obligation, to enter
into a Forward Purchase Transaction with respect to up to 
300,000
 Class A ordinary shares of the Company in connection with
the closing of the Business Combination. The Company recorded $
85,328
 loss on issuance of Forward Purchase Agreements and Forward
Purchase Agreements liability reported in the accompanying statements of operations and balance sheets, respectively, on the initial recognition
of 
300,000
 L1 Non-Redeemed Shares.

As of December 31, 2024, the Company recorded $
435,568
 changes
in fair value of Forward Purchase Agreements reported in the accompanying statements of operations. As of December 31, 2024, the Company
has $
49,275
 outstanding balance under Forward Purchase Agreements liability reported in the accompanying balance sheets.

Note 7 — Shareholders’ Deficit

Preferred Shares
 — The Company is authorized
to issue a total of 
5,000,000
 preference shares at par value of $
0.0001
 each. At December 31, 2024 and 2023, there were 
no
 shares
of preferred shares issued and outstanding.

Class A Ordinary Shares 
— The Company
is authorized to issue a total of 
500,000,000
 Class A ordinary shares at par value of $
0.0001
 each. At December 31,
2024 and 2023, there were 
6,200,000
 and 
0
 shares of Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding (excluding 
2,205,349
 and 
25,000,000
 shares
subject to possible redemption), respectively.

Class B Ordinary Shares 
— The Company
is authorized to issue a total of 
50,000,000
 Class B ordinary shares at par value of $
0.0001
 each. At December 31,
2024 and 2023 there were 
50,000
 and 
6,250,000
 shares of Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding, respectively.
On March 8, 2023, the Company issued 
5,750,000
 Class B ordinary shares to the Sponsor for $
25,000
, or approximately
$
0.004
 per share. On May 24, 2023, the Company effected a share capitalization of 
575,000
, resulting in the Sponsor holding 
6,325,000
 founder
shares. All share and per-share amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect the share capitalization. The founder shares included
an aggregate of up to 
825,000
 shares subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option was not exercised by the underwriters.
As a result of the underwriters election to partially exercise their over-allotment option on May 30, 2023, 
75,000
 founder shares
were forfeited resulting in the Sponsor holding 
6,250,000
 founder shares. The remaining founder shares are no longer subject
to forfeiture.

On November 18, 2024, pursuant to the terms of the Company’s
Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, the Sponsor, the holder of an aggregate of 
6,250,000
 Class B Ordinary
Shares elected to convert 
6,200,000
 outstanding Class B Ordinary Shares held by it on a one-for-one basis into Class A ordinary
shares of the Company, with immediate effect. Following such conversion and giving effect to the redemption of Public Shares in connection
with the Extension Amendment, as of December 31, 2024, the Company had an aggregate of 
8,405,349
 Class A ordinary shares issued
and outstanding and 
50,000
 Class B Ordinary Shares issued and outstanding.

The Founder Shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary
shares concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of the initial Business Combination or earlier at the option of the
holder on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like, and subject to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked
securities are issued or deemed issued in connection with the initial Business Combination, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable
upon conversion of all Founder Shares will equal, in the aggregate, 
20
% of the total number of Class A ordinary shares outstanding
after such conversion (after giving effect to any redemptions of Class A ordinary shares by public shareholders), including the total
number of Class A ordinary shares issued, or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or
rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial Business Combination,
excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued,
or to be issued, to any seller in the initial Business Combination and any Private Placement Warrants issued to the Sponsor, officers
or directors upon conversion of the Working Capital Loans; provided that such conversion of Founder Shares will never occur on a less
than one-for-one basis.

F-
24

Holders of record of the Company’s Class A ordinary shares and
Class B ordinary shares are entitled to 
one
 vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders.

Note 8 — Fair Value Measurements 

The Company follows the guidance in ASC 820 for its financial assets
and liabilities that are re-measured and reported at fair value at each reporting period, and non-financial assets and liabilities that
are re-measured and reported at fair value at least annually.

The fair value of the Company’s financial assets and liabilities
reflects management’s estimate of amounts that the Company would have received in connection with the sale of the assets or paid
in connection with the transfer of the liabilities in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. In connection
with measuring the fair value of its assets and liabilities, the Company seeks to maximize the use of observable inputs (market data obtained
from independent sources) and to minimize the use of unobservable inputs (internal assumptions about how market participants would price
assets and liabilities). The following fair value hierarchy is used to classify assets and liabilities based on the observable inputs
and unobservable inputs used in order to value the assets and liabilities:

Level 1:

Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. An active market for an asset or liability is a market in which transactions for the asset or liability occur with sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis.

Level 2:

Observable inputs other than Level 1 inputs. Examples of Level 2 inputs include quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities and quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets that are not active.

Level 3:

Unobservable inputs based on our assessment of the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability.

At December 31, 2024 and 2023, assets held in the Trust Account were
comprised of $
24,075,435
 and $
258,971,518
, respectively, in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the
Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. For the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company
withdrawn $
246,916,015
 on the Trust Account in connection with the redemption. From March 6, 2023 (inception) through December 31,
2023, the Company did not withdraw any dividend earned on the Trust Account.

The following table presents information about the Company’s
assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at December 31, 2024 and 2023 and indicates the fair value
hierarchy of the valuation inputs the Company utilized to determine such fair value:

December 31,

December 31,

Description

Level

2024

2023

Assets:

Marketable securities held in Trust Account

1

$
24,075,435

$
258,971,518

Liabilities:

Forward Purchase Agreement

3

$
49,275

$
—

F-
25

Forward Purchase Agreements

The Company established the fair value of the Forward Purchase Agreements
using Black Scholes Model that values Forward Purchase Agreements based on future projections of the various potential outcomes, and classified
as a Level 3 fair value measurement.

The following table provides additional quantitative information regarding
the Level 3 fair value measurement inputs at their measurement dates for the Forward Purchase Agreements liability:

At initial issuance

At initial issuance

November 13,
 2024

November 14,
 2024

December 31,
 2024

Stock Price

$
10.79

$
10.80

$
11.48

Expected Redemption Price

$
11.10

$
11.10

$
11.13

Volatility

9.72
%

9.84
%

6.70
%

Term (in years)

0.95

0.95

$
0.81

Risk-free rate

4.38
%

4.42
%

4.19
%

Probability of Business Combination Close

85
%

85
%

$
85
%

The following table presents the changes in the fair value of Forward
Purchase Agreements liability for the period ended December 31, 2024:

Forward Purchase
 Agreement

January 1, 2024

$
—

Initial recognition at November 13, 2024 of 
700,000
 shares

200,417

Initial recognition at November 14, 2024 of 
700,000
 and 
300,000
 shares

284,426

Change in fair value

(
435,568
)

Fair value of Forward Purchase Agreements liability as of December 31, 2024

$
49,275

Note 9 — Segment Information

ASC Topic 280, “Segment Reporting,” establishes standards
for companies to report in their financial statement information about operating segments, products, services, geographic areas, and major
customers. Operating segments are defined as components of an enterprise for which separate financial information is available that
is regularly evaluated by the Company’s chief operating decision maker, or group, in deciding how to allocate resources and assess
performance.

The Company’s chief operating decision maker has been identified
as the Chief Executive Officer (“CODM”), who reviews the operating results for the Company as a whole to make decisions about
allocating resources and assessing financial performance. Accordingly, management has determined that the Company only has 
one
 operating
segment.

When evaluating the Company’s performance and making key decisions
regarding resource allocation the CODM reviews several key metrics, which include the following:

For the Year Ended
 December 31,
 2024

For the Year Ended
 December 31,
 2023

Formation and operational costs

$
4,077,377

$
985,212

Dividend income earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account

$
12,019,932

$
7,721,518

F-
26

The key measures of segment profit or loss reviewed by our CODM are
dividend income earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account and formation and operational costs. The CODM reviews dividend income
earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account to measure and monitor shareholders value and determine the most effective strategy
of investment with the Trust Account funds while maintaining compliance with the trust agreement. Formation and operational costs are
reviewed and monitored by the CODM to manage and forecast cash to ensure enough capital is available to complete a business combination
within the business combination period. The CODM also reviews formation and operational costs to manage, maintain and enforce all contractual
agreements to ensure costs are aligned with all agreements and budget.

Note 10 — Subsequent Events

The Company evaluated subsequent events and transactions that occurred
after the balance sheet date through the date that the financial statements were issued. Based upon this review, the Company did not identify
any subsequent events that would have required adjustment or disclosure in the financial statements.

On January 22, 2025, the Company, Mr. Blitzer and USARE entered into
Amendment No. 1 to the Blitzer Series A SPA (the “Blitzer Series A SPA Amendment”). The Blitzer Series A SPA Amendment amends
the Blitzer Series A SPA to provide that, instead of 
104,167
 shares of Series A Preferred Stock, Inflection Point will issue
to Mr. Blitzer a number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock equal to the number of Blitzer Conversion Preferred Shares in exchange for
Mr. Blitzer’s forgiveness of 
50
% of the then-outstanding balance of the Convertible Promissory Note.

Amendment No. 2 to Business Combination Agreement

On January 30, 2025, the Company and USARE entered into that certain
Amendment No. 2 to the Business Combination Agreement (“BCA Amendment No. 2”) to, among other matters, set out the proposed
directors of New USARE, address certain other governance matters and modify certain document delivery conditions.

Amendment No. 1 to Sponsor Support Agreement

On January 31, 2025, the Sponsor, the Company and USARE entered into
an amendment to the Sponsor Support Agreement (the “Sponsor Support Agreement Amendment”) to eliminate the provisions providing
for the potential forfeiture of warrants by the Sponsor from the Sponsor Support Agreement.

Series A SPA Termination Agreement

On February 3, 2025, pursuant to a securities purchase agreement dated
January 31, 2025, the Company Fund pre-funded the Series A Preferred Stock Investment by consummating the purchase of 
833,333
 additional
USARE Class A-2 Convertible Preferred Units and a warrant exercisable for 
833,333
 USARE Class A Units at an initial exercise
price of $
12.00
, for an aggregate purchase price of $
8.5
 million (the “Pre-Funding”).

On March 10, 2025, the Company held an extraordinary general meeting
(the “Extraordinary General Meeting”) and the shareholders approved the proposals which was described in more detail in the
Company’s definitive proxy statement/prospectus filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on February 18, 2025 (the
“Proxy Statement/Prospectus”)

F-
27

Forward Purchase Agreement

On March 11, 2025, the Company and USARE entered into (i) a forward
purchase agreement with Harraden Circle Investors LP, Harraden Circle Special Opportunities LP and Harraden Circle Strategic Investments
LP (collectively, “Harraden,” and such agreement, the “Harraden Forward Purchase Agreement”), (ii) a forward purchase
agreement with Newtyn TE Partners, LP and Newtyn Partners, LP (collectively, “Newtyn,” and such agreement, the “Newtyn
Forward Purchase Agreement”), and (iii) a forward purchase agreement with L1 Capital Global Opportunities Master Fund (“L1,”
and such agreement, the “L1 Forward Purchase Agreement,” and together with the Harraden Forward Purchase Agreement and the
Newtyn Forward Purchase Agreement, the “Forward Purchase Agreements”), each for over-the-counter Equity Prepaid Forward Transactions
(each, a “Forward Purchase Transaction” and, together, the “Forward Purchase Transactions”). Each Forward Purchase
Agreement amended, restated and superseded in its entirety a separate forward purchase agreements with each of the Sellers, dated March
10, 2025, which had identical terms to those described herein, except that the Reset Price (as defined in the Forward Purchase Agreements)
was not subject to the floor price described below. For purposes of the Forward Purchase Agreements, each of Harraden, Newtyn and L1 are
referred to, individually, as a “Seller” and, collectively, as the “Sellers”). For purposes of the Forward Purchase
Agreements, Inflection Point and New USARE are referred to as the “Counterparty” prior to and after the Business Combination,
respectively.

Pursuant to the terms of the Forward Purchase Agreements, (i) Harraden
has agreed to hold up to 
892,825
 Class A ordinary shares, par value $
0.0001
 per share, of Inflection Point (“Inflection
Point Shares”), (ii) Newtyn has agreed to hold up to 
700,000
 Inflection Point Shares, and (iii) L1 has agreed to hold
up to 
297,669
 Inflection Point Shares in connection with the closing of the Business Combination (the “Closing”).
For purposes of the Forward Purchase Agreements, the Inflection Point Shares held by each Seller are referred to as such Seller’s
“FPA Shares.” Each Seller, acting separately and solely for its own account, may, if necessary, (i) reverse its previous election
to redeem its Inflection Point Shares in connection with the Business Combination pursuant to the redemption rights set forth in Inflection
Point’s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or (ii) purchase Inflection Point Shares through a broker in
the open market from holders of Inflection Point Shares (other than Inflection Point), including from holders who have previously elected
to redeem their Inflection Point Shares in connection with the Business Combination pursuant to the redemption rights set forth in Inflection
Point’s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. The aggregate number of shares subject to each Forward Purchase
Agreement (the “Number of Shares”) will be the aggregate number of FPA Shares as notified to Counterparty by the applicable
Seller, but in no event more than such Seller’s number of FPA Shares set forth above.

F-28

$10.79

$10.80

$11.48

$11.10

$11.10

$11.13

$0.81

$85%

0001970622

false

FY

0001970622

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001970622

usar:CommonStockParValue00001PerShareMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001970622

usar:WarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneShareOfCommonStockEachAtAnExercisePriceOf1150PerShareMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001970622

2024-06-28

0001970622

2025-03-28

0001970622

2024-12-31

0001970622

2023-12-31

0001970622

us-gaap:CommonClassAMember

2024-12-31

0001970622

us-gaap:CommonClassAMember

2023-12-31

0001970622

us-gaap:CommonClassBMember

2024-12-31

0001970622

us-gaap:CommonClassBMember

2023-12-31

0001970622

2023-03-06

2023-12-31

0001970622

usar:RedeemableSharesMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001970622

usar:RedeemableSharesMember

2023-03-06

2023-12-31

0001970622

usar:NonRedeemableSharesMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001970622

usar:NonRedeemableSharesMember

2023-03-06

2023-12-31

0001970622

us-gaap:CommonClassAMember

us-gaap:CommonStockMember

2023-03-05

0001970622

us-gaap:CommonClassBMember

us-gaap:CommonStockMember

2023-03-05

0001970622

us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember

2023-03-05

0001970622

us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember

2023-03-05

0001970622

2023-03-05

0001970622

us-gaap:CommonClassAMember

us-gaap:CommonStockMember

2023-03-06

2023-12-31

0001970622

us-gaap:CommonClassBMember

us-gaap:CommonStockMember

2023-03-06

2023-12-31

0001970622

us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember

2023-03-06

2023-12-31

0001970622

us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember

2023-03-06

2023-12-31

0001970622

us-gaap:CommonClassAMember

us-gaap:CommonStockMember

2023-12-31

0001970622

us-gaap:CommonClassBMember

us-gaap:CommonStockMember

2023-12-31

0001970622

us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember

2023-12-31

0001970622

us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember

2023-12-31

0001970622

us-gaap:CommonClassAMember

us-gaap:CommonStockMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001970622

us-gaap:CommonClassBMember

us-gaap:CommonStockMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001970622

us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001970622

us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001970622

us-gaap:CommonClassAMember

us-gaap:CommonStockMember

2024-12-31

0001970622

us-gaap:CommonClassBMember

us-gaap:CommonStockMember

2024-12-31

0001970622

us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember

2024-12-31

0001970622

us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember

2024-12-31

0001970622

2024-10-01

2024-12-31

0001970622

us-gaap:CommonClassBMember

2023-03-08

2023-03-08

0001970622

us-gaap:CommonClassBMember

2023-03-08

0001970622

usar:SponsorMember

us-gaap:CommonClassBMember

2023-05-24

2023-05-24

0001970622

usar:SponsorMember

2023-05-24

2023-05-24

0001970622

us-gaap:OverAllotmentOptionMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001970622

usar:FounderSharesMember

us-gaap:OverAllotmentOptionMember

2023-05-30

2023-05-30

0001970622

usar:SponsorMember

usar:FounderSharesMember

2023-05-30

2023-05-30

0001970622

us-gaap:IPOMember

2023-05-30

2023-05-30

0001970622

us-gaap:OverAllotmentOptionMember

2023-05-30

2023-05-30

0001970622

us-gaap:IPOMember

2023-05-30

0001970622

us-gaap:CommonClassAMember

2023-05-30

2023-05-30

0001970622

usar:RedeemableWarrantMember

2023-05-30

2023-05-30

0001970622

usar:PublicWarrantsMember

2023-05-30

0001970622

usar:PublicWarrantsMember

us-gaap:CommonClassAMember

2023-05-30

0001970622

usar:PrivatePlacementWarrantsMember

2023-05-30

2023-05-30

0001970622

usar:PrivatePlacementWarrantsMember

2023-05-30

0001970622

usar:PrivatePlacementWarrantsMember

usar:SponsorMember

2023-05-30

2023-05-30

0001970622

usar:PrivatePlacementWarrantsMember

usar:CFCOMember

2023-05-30

2023-05-30

0001970622

usar:PrivatePlacementWarrantsMember

us-gaap:CommonClassAMember

2023-05-30

0001970622

usar:PrivatePlacementWarrantsMember

us-gaap:IPOMember

2023-05-30

0001970622

2023-05-30

2023-05-30

0001970622

us-gaap:SeriesOfIndividuallyImmaterialBusinessAcquisitionsMember

2024-12-31

0001970622

usar:NewUSARECommonStockMember

2024-12-31

0001970622

usar:NewUSARECommonStockMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001970622

us-gaap:SeriesAPreferredStockMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001970622

usar:SeriesACumulativeConvertiblePreferredStockMember

2024-12-31

0001970622

usar:SeriesAPreferredStockInvestmentMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001970622

usar:SeriesAPreferredStockInvestmentMember

2024-12-31

0001970622

us-gaap:SeriesAPreferredStockMember

2024-08-21

0001970622

2024-08-13

0001970622

usar:MrBlitzerMember

2024-12-31

0001970622

srt:MinimumMember

usar:NewUSAREWarrantsMember

usar:SponsorSupportAgreementMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001970622

srt:MaximumMember

usar:NewUSAREWarrantsMember

usar:SponsorSupportAgreementMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001970622

usar:FeeReductionAgreementMember

2023-05-24

0001970622

usar:PrivatePlacementWarrantsMember

usar:FeeReductionAgreementMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001970622

usar:ExtensionAmendmentMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001970622

usar:ExtensionAmendmentMember

2024-12-31

0001970622

us-gaap:CommonClassAMember

2024-11-28

2024-11-28

0001970622

us-gaap:CommonClassAMember

2024-11-28

0001970622

us-gaap:WarrantMember

2024-12-31

0001970622

us-gaap:OverAllotmentOptionMember

2023-05-30

0001970622

usar:RedeemablePublicWarrantMember

2023-05-30

2023-05-30

0001970622

us-gaap:WarrantMember

us-gaap:CommonClassAMember

2023-05-30

2023-05-30

0001970622

us-gaap:WarrantMember

us-gaap:CommonClassAMember

2023-05-30

0001970622

2023-05-30

0001970622

us-gaap:WarrantMember

2023-12-31

0001970622

us-gaap:WarrantMember

us-gaap:CommonClassAMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001970622

us-gaap:WarrantMember

us-gaap:CommonClassAMember

2024-12-31

0001970622

us-gaap:WarrantMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001970622

us-gaap:CommonClassAMember

usar:InitialBusinessCombinationMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001970622

usar:RedemptionOfWarrantsMember

us-gaap:CommonClassAMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001970622

usar:PrivatePlacementWarrantsMember

2024-12-31

0001970622

us-gaap:CommonClassAMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001970622

usar:PrivatePlacementWarrantsMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001970622

usar:PrivatePlacementWarrantsMember

usar:SponsorMember

2024-12-31

0001970622

usar:PrivatePlacementWarrantsMember

usar:CantorFitzgeraldCoMember

2024-12-31

0001970622

2023-03-08

0001970622

usar:FoundersSharesMember

2023-03-08

2023-03-08

0001970622

usar:FoundersSharesMember

2023-05-24

0001970622

usar:SponsorMember

2023-05-24

0001970622

usar:FoundersSharesMember

2023-05-24

2023-05-24

0001970622

usar:FoundersSharesMember

2023-05-30

2023-05-30

0001970622

usar:SponsorMember

2023-05-30

2023-05-30

0001970622

us-gaap:CommonClassBMember

2024-11-18

2024-11-18

0001970622

us-gaap:CommonClassAMember

usar:FoundersSharesMember

2024-11-18

0001970622

us-gaap:CommonClassBMember

usar:FoundersSharesMember

2024-11-18

0001970622

us-gaap:CommonClassAMember

usar:FoundersSharesMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001970622

usar:FoundersSharesMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001970622

usar:PrivatePlacementWarrantMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001970622

usar:SponsorMember

us-gaap:IPOMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001970622

usar:SponsorMember

us-gaap:IPOMember

2023-05-30

2023-05-30

0001970622

usar:VentureCollectiveLLCMember

2023-05-24

2023-05-24

0001970622

usar:AmendmentToServicesAndIndemnificationAgreementMember

2024-03-28

0001970622

usar:TheVentureCollectiveLLCMember

2024-03-28

2024-03-28

0001970622

srt:MaximumMember

usar:TheVentureCollectiveLLCMember

2024-01-01

2024-01-31

0001970622

srt:MinimumMember

usar:TheVentureCollectiveLLCMember

2024-02-01

2024-02-01

0001970622

srt:MaximumMember

usar:TheVentureCollectiveLLCMember

2024-04-01

2024-04-01

0001970622

srt:MinimumMember

usar:TheVentureCollectiveLLCMember

2024-04-01

2024-04-01

0001970622

usar:SecondAmendmentToTheServicesAndIndemnificationAgreementMember

2024-08-09

0001970622

srt:MaximumMember

usar:TheVentureCollectiveLLCMember

2024-09-01

2024-09-01

0001970622

srt:MinimumMember

usar:TheVentureCollectiveLLCMember

2024-09-01

2024-09-01

0001970622

usar:ThirdAmendmentToTheServicesAndIndemnificationAgreementMember

2024-11-08

0001970622

srt:MaximumMember

usar:TheVentureCollectiveLLCMember

2024-10-01

2024-10-01

0001970622

srt:MinimumMember

usar:TheVentureCollectiveLLCMember

2024-10-01

2024-10-01

0001970622

usar:PrivatePlacementWarrantMember

2024-12-31

0001970622

usar:MrBlitzerMember

2024-08-13

0001970622

usar:MrBlitzerMember

us-gaap:SeriesAPreferredStockMember

2024-08-21

2024-08-21

0001970622

usar:MichaelBlitzerMember

2024-08-21

2024-08-21

0001970622

usar:MrBlitzerMember

2024-08-21

2024-08-21

0001970622

usar:MrBlitzerMember

2024-08-21

0001970622

us-gaap:IPOMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001970622

us-gaap:IPOMember

usar:UnderwritersAgreementMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001970622

us-gaap:IPOMember

2024-12-31

0001970622

us-gaap:CommonClassAMember

usar:ForwardPurchaseAgreementsMember

2024-11-13

2024-11-13

0001970622

usar:ForwardPurchaseAgreementsMember

2024-11-13

2024-11-13

0001970622

us-gaap:CommonClassAMember

usar:HarradenNonRedeemedSharesMember

2024-11-14

2024-11-14

0001970622

usar:HarradenNonRedeemedSharesMember

2024-11-14

2024-11-14

0001970622

us-gaap:CommonClassAMember

usar:ForwardPurchaseAgreementsMember

2024-11-14

2024-11-14

0001970622

us-gaap:SeriesOfIndividuallyImmaterialBusinessAcquisitionsMember

us-gaap:CommonClassAMember

usar:ForwardPurchaseAgreementsMember

2024-11-14

2024-11-14

0001970622

usar:ForwardPurchaseAgreementsMember

usar:ForwardPurchaseAgreementsMember

2024-11-14

2024-11-14

0001970622

usar:ForwardPurchaseAgreementsMember

2024-11-14

2024-11-14

0001970622

us-gaap:CommonClassBMember

2023-05-24

0001970622

usar:FounderSharesMember

2023-05-24

0001970622

us-gaap:OverAllotmentOptionMember

2023-05-24

2023-05-24

0001970622

usar:SponsorMember

2023-05-30

2023-05-30

0001970622

usar:FounderSharesMember

2023-05-30

2023-05-30

0001970622

us-gaap:CommonClassAMember

2024-11-18

2024-11-18

0001970622

usar:SponsorMember

us-gaap:CommonClassAMember

2024-12-31

0001970622

usar:SponsorMember

us-gaap:CommonClassBMember

2024-12-31

0001970622

us-gaap:CommonClassBMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001970622

us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member

us-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember

2024-12-31

0001970622

us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member

us-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember

2023-12-31

0001970622

us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member

us-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember

2024-12-31

0001970622

us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member

us-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember

2023-12-31

0001970622

us-gaap:MeasurementInputSharePriceMember

2024-11-13

2024-11-13

0001970622

us-gaap:MeasurementInputSharePriceMember

2024-11-14

2024-11-14

0001970622

us-gaap:MeasurementInputSharePriceMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001970622

us-gaap:MeasurementInputExercisePriceMember

2024-11-13

2024-11-13

0001970622

us-gaap:MeasurementInputExercisePriceMember

2024-11-14

2024-11-14

0001970622

us-gaap:MeasurementInputExercisePriceMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001970622

us-gaap:MeasurementInputPriceVolatilityMember

2024-11-13

2024-11-13

0001970622

us-gaap:MeasurementInputPriceVolatilityMember

2024-11-14

2024-11-14

0001970622

us-gaap:MeasurementInputPriceVolatilityMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001970622

us-gaap:MeasurementInputExpectedTermMember

2024-11-13

2024-11-13

0001970622

us-gaap:MeasurementInputExpectedTermMember

2024-11-14

2024-11-14

0001970622

us-gaap:MeasurementInputExpectedTermMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001970622

us-gaap:MeasurementInputRiskFreeInterestRateMember

2024-11-13

2024-11-13

0001970622

us-gaap:MeasurementInputRiskFreeInterestRateMember

2024-11-14

2024-11-14

0001970622

us-gaap:MeasurementInputRiskFreeInterestRateMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001970622

usar:MeasurementInputProbabilityOfBusinessCombinationCloseMember

2024-11-13

2024-11-13

0001970622

usar:MeasurementInputProbabilityOfBusinessCombinationCloseMember

2024-11-14

2024-11-14

0001970622

usar:MeasurementInputProbabilityOfBusinessCombinationCloseMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001970622

usar:ForwardPurchaseAgreementsMember

2023-12-31

0001970622

usar:ForwardPurchaseAgreementsMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001970622

usar:ForwardPurchaseAgreementsMember

2024-11-13

2024-11-13

0001970622

usar:ForwardPurchaseAgreementsMember

2024-11-14

2024-11-14

0001970622

usar:ForwardPurchaseAgreementsMember

2024-11-14

0001970622

usar:ForwardPurchaseAgreementsMember

2024-12-31

0001970622

us-gaap:CorporateMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001970622

us-gaap:CorporateMember

2023-01-01

2023-12-31

0001970622

usar:MrBlitzerMember

us-gaap:SeriesAPreferredStockMember

us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember

2025-01-22

2025-01-22

0001970622

us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember

2025-01-22

0001970622

usar:USAREClassAUnitsMember

us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember

2025-02-03

0001970622

usar:USAREClassAUnitsMember

us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember

2025-02-03

2025-02-03

0001970622

usar:HarradenCircleSpecialOpportunitiesLPMember

us-gaap:CommonClassAMember

us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember

2025-03-11

2025-03-11

0001970622

usar:HarradenCircleSpecialOpportunitiesLPMember

us-gaap:CommonClassAMember

us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember

2025-03-11

0001970622

usar:NewtynMember

us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember

2025-03-11

0001970622

usar:L1CapitalGlobalOpportunitiesMasterFundMember

us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember

2025-03-11

iso4217:USD

xbrli:shares

iso4217:USD

xbrli:shares

xbrli:pure