Item 3. 

Legal Proceedings.

37

Item 4. 

Mine Safety Disclosures.

37

PART II

Item 5.

Market for Registrant’s
    Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.

38

Item 6. 

Reserved.

39

Item 7. 

Management’s Discussion
    and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.

39

Item 7A.

Quantitative and Qualitative
    Disclosures about Market Risk

48

Item 8. 

Financial Statements and
    Supplementary Data.

48

Item 9. 

Changes in and Disagreements
    with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.

49

Item 9A. 

Controls and Procedures.

49

Item 9B. 

Other Information.

50

Item 9C. 

Disclosure Regarding Foreign
    Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections.

50

Part III

Item 10.

Directors, Executive Officers
    and Corporate Governance.

51

Item 11.

Executive Compensation.

57

Item 12.

Security Ownership of Certain
    Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters.

66

Item 13.

Certain Relationships and
    Related Transactions, and Director Independence

68

Item 14
.

Principal Accountant Fees
    and Services.

72

Part IV

Item 15
.

Exhibits, Financial Statement
    Schedules.

73

i

EXPLANATORY NOTE

USA Rare Earth, Inc. (“
New USARE
”)
(formerly known as Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II (“
Inflection Point
”)) was a blank check company originally
incorporated on March 6, 2023 as a Cayman Islands exempted company for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition,
share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. On May 30, 2023, Inflection Point consummated
an initial public offering, after which its securities began trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (“
Nasdaq
”). On
August 21, 2024, Inflection Point entered into that certain business combination agreement (as amended, the “
Business Combination
Agreement
”) by and among Inflection Point, USA Rare Earth, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“
USARE OpCo
”)
and IPXX Merger Sub, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Inflection Point (“
Merger
Sub
”), pursuant to which, (1) at the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement (the “
Closing
”)
and following the Domestication (as defined below), Merger Sub merged with and into USARE OpCo (the “
Merger
”), with
USARE OpCo surviving as a wholly-owned subsidiary of New USARE, pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Business
Combination Agreement, resulting in a combined company whereby New USARE became the manager of USARE OpCo, and substantially all of the
assets and the business of the combined company are held and operated by USARE OpCo and its subsidiaries, as more fully described in the
final prospectus and definitive proxy statement of Inflection Point, dated February 14, 2025 File No. 333-283181 (the “
Proxy
Statement/Prospectus
”), which was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “
SEC
”); (2) Inflection
Point domesticated (the “
Domestication
”) as a Delaware corporation in accordance with the Delaware General Corporation
Law (“
DGCL
”), the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands and the amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association of Inflection Point, and (3) the other transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement and documents related
thereto were consummated (such transactions, together with the Merger and the Domestication, the “
Business Combination
”).

On March 12, 2025, as contemplated by the Business
Combination Agreement, Inflection Point completed the Domestication by filing a notice of deregistration with the Cayman Islands Registrar
of Companies, together with the necessary accompanying documents, and filing a certificate of incorporation and a certificate of corporate
domestication with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, pursuant to which Inflection Point was domesticated and continued
as a Delaware corporation, changing its name to “USA Rare Earth, Inc.” As a result of and upon the effective time of the Domestication,
among other things, (1) each of the then issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares of Inflection Point automatically converted, on
a one-for-one basis, into a share of our common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (“
Common Stock
”); (2) each of the
then issued and outstanding warrants to purchase Class A ordinary shares of Inflection Point automatically became a warrant exercisable
for one share of our Common Stock on the same terms as the pre-Domestication warrants (the “
New USARE Warrants
”); and
(3) each unit of Inflection Point issued and outstanding as of immediately prior to the Domestication was automatically canceled and each
holder received one share of Common Stock and one-half of one New USARE Warrant exercisable for one share of Common Stock on the same
terms as the pre-Domestication warrants, with any fractional New USARE Warrants to be issued in connection with such separation rounded
down to the nearest whole warrant.

On March 13, 2025 (the “
Closing Date
”),
we consummated the Business Combination and USARE OpCo became a direct wholly owned subsidiary of New USARE. On March
14, 2025, our shares of Common Stock and New USARE Warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share
began trading on Nasdaq under the symbols, “USAR” and “USARW,” respectively.

As a result of the Business Combination, we are
a holding company, all of whose assets are held directly or indirectly by, and all of whose operations are conducted through, USARE OpCo
and whose only direct asset consists of equity ownership of USARE OpCo. As the manager of USARE OpCo, we have all management powers over,
and full control of, the business of USARE OpCo, including the power to take all action we deem necessary, appropriate, advisable, incidental,
or convenient to accomplish the purposes of USARE OpCo set forth in its operating agreement (the “
A&R Operating Agreement
”).

Unless otherwise indicated, the historical financial
information included in this annual report on Form 10-K (this “
Annual Report
”), including the audited financial statements
and the notes thereto in Part II. Item 8 and the information in Part II. Item 7. “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations” are that of Inflection Point prior to the consummation of the Business Combination.
The audited consolidated financial statements of USARE OpCo as of and for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 were included in
the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, which was filed with the SEC on March 19, 2025.

ii

The Business Combination will be accounted for
as a reverse recapitalization in accordance with GAAP and not as a business combination. Under this method of accounting, Inflection Point
will be treated as the “acquired” company for financial reporting purposes. Accordingly, for accounting purposes, the Business
Combination will be treated as the equivalent of USARE OpCo issuing stock for the net assets of Inflection Point, accompanied by a recapitalization.
Upon the completion of the Business Combination, substantially all of the assets and business of the combined company are held and operated
by USARE OpCo and its subsidiaries. USARE OpCo has been determined to be the predecessor to the combined entity. Accordingly, in future
reporting periods, our financial statements will be prepared on a consolidated basis with the financial statements of USARE OpCo
beginning on the Closing Date and will represent a continuation of the financial statements of USARE OpCo.

Unless otherwise noted or the context otherwise
requires, references to the “Company,” “USARE,” “USA Rare Earth, Inc.,” “we,” “us,”
or “our” refer to the business of USARE OpCo and its subsidiaries prior to the Closing and to the business of New USARE and
its subsidiaries, including USARE OpCo, following the Closing.

References to a year refer to our fiscal years
ended on December 31 of the specified year.

Certain monetary amounts, percentages and other
figures included herein have been subject to rounding adjustments. Accordingly, figures shown as totals in certain tables and charts may
not be the arithmetic aggregation of the figures that precede them, and figures expressed as percentages in the text may not total 100%
or, as applicable, when aggregated may not be the arithmetic aggregation of the percentages that precede them.

MARKET AND INDUSTRY DATA

Information contained in this Annual Report concerning
the market and the industry in which New USARE competes, including its market position, general expectations of market opportunity, size
and growth rates, is based on information from various third-party sources, on assumptions made by New USARE based on such sources and
New USARE’s knowledge of the markets for its services and solutions. This information and any estimates provided herein involve
numerous assumptions and limitations, and you are cautioned not to give undue weight to such information. Third-party sources generally
state that the information contained in such source has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable but that there can be no assurance
as to the accuracy or completeness of such information. New USARE has not independently verified this third-party information. The industry
in which New USARE operates is subject to a high degree of uncertainty and risk. As a result, the estimates and market and industry information
provided in this Annual Report are subject to change based on various factors, including those described in the sections of this Annual
Report entitled “
Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
” and “
Risk Factors — Risks Related
to Our Business and Industry
” and elsewhere in this Annual Report.

iii

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This Annual Report contains forward-looking statements. These forward-looking
statements include, without limitation, statements relating to expectations for future financial performance, business strategies or expectations
for New USARE’s businesses. These statements are based on the beliefs and assumptions of the management of New USARE. Although New
USARE believes that its plans, intentions and expectations reflected in or suggested by these forward-looking statements are reasonable,
New USARE cannot assure you that it will achieve or realize these plans, intentions or expectations. These statements constitute projections,
forecasts and forward-looking statements, and are not guarantees of performance. Such statements can be identified by the fact that they
do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. When used in this Annual Report, words such as “anticipate”, “believe”,
“can”, “continue”, “could”, “estimate”, “expect”, “forecast”,
“intend”, “may”, “might”, “plan”, “possible”, “potential”, “predict”,
“project”, “seek”, “should”, “strive”, “target”, “will”, “would”
and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not
forward-looking.

Forward-looking statements in this Annual Report and in any document
incorporated by reference in this Annual Report include:

●
the ability to realize the benefits expected from the Business Combination;

●
the ability to maintain the listing of the Common Stock and the New USARE
Warrants on Nasdaq;

●
the ability to raise financing in the future and to comply with restrictive
covenants related to long-term indebtedness;

●
the future financial performance of New USARE;

●
New USARE’s ability to retain or recruit, or to effect changes required
in, their respective officers, key employees or directors;

●
New USARE’s ability to comply with laws and regulations applicable
to its business; and

●
expansion plans and opportunities.

These forward-looking statements are based on information available
as of the date of this Annual Report and New USARE’s management team’s current expectations, forecasts and assumptions, and
involve a number of judgments, known and unknown risks and uncertainties and other factors, many of which are outside the control of New
USARE and its directors, officers and affiliates. Accordingly, forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing New
USARE’s management team’s views as of any subsequent date. New USARE does not undertake any obligation to update, add or to
otherwise correct any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect events or circumstances after the date they were made, whether
as a result of new information, future events, inaccuracies that become apparent after the date hereof or otherwise, except as may be
required under applicable securities laws.

You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements.
Should one or more of a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect,
our actual results or performance may be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Some
factors that could cause actual results to differ include, but are not limited to:

●
the fact that New USARE has no history in commercial operations which limits
the accuracy of any forward-looking forecasts, prospects or business outlook or plans;

●
that New USARE has generated negative operating cash flows and may
                                                                     experience negative cash flow from operations in the future and that New USARE may not be able to generate positive cashflow from
                                                                     its expected future business operations;

●
there may be time delays, unforeseen expenses, increased capital costs, and
other complications;

●
the magnet production business is subject to the availability of rare earth
element (“
REE
”) oxide and metal feedstock;

●
fluctuations in demand for, and prices of, Neodymium Iron Boron (“
NdFeB
or neo
”) magnets, magnet materials, and necessary feedstock;

●
inability to convert current commercial discussions and/or memorandums of
understanding with customers into definitive contracts;

●
the growth of existing and emerging uses for neo magnets;

iv

●
changes in the global supply of neo magnets;

●
the Round Top Project (as defined below) is at the exploration stage and
may not develop into a producing mine;

●
operating in a highly competitive industry;

●
changes in China’s or the United States’ political environment
and policies;

●
inability to obtain sufficient capital or other resources necessary to provide
for such production;

●
any failure by management to manage growth properly could negatively impact
our business.

●
power or other utility disruption or shortage;

●
increasing costs, including rising electricity and other utility costs, or
limited access to raw materials;

●
fluctuations in transportation costs or disruptions in transportation services
or damage or loss during transport;

●
any inability to meet individual customer specifications;

●
diminished access to water;

●
work stoppages or similar difficulties, breakdown in labor relations, or
a shortage of skilled technicians and engineers;

●
failure to retain key personnel or attract additional qualified personnel;

●
failure to comply with certain agreements with government entities that have
provided us with certain incentives and favorable financing;

●
inability to access debt or equity capital when necessary or advisable;

●
impacts of force majeure events;

●
failure to develop and maintain relationships with local communities and
stakeholders;

●
extensive and costly environmental requirements;

●
the need to obtain and sustain governmental permits and approvals;

●
failure to comply with applicable anti-corruption, anti-bribery, anti-money
laundering and similar laws and regulations;

●
costs of compliance with environmental, health and safety regulations;

●
the impacts of climate change;

●
possible litigation risks, including permit disputes (including in respect
of access and/or validity of tenure), environmental claims, occupational health and safety claims and employee claims;

●
any infringement of the intellectual property rights of third parties;

●
failure to adequately protect intellectual property rights;

●
issues with information technology systems, including cyber threats, disruption,
damage and failure; and

●
use of resources and management attention related to the requirements of
being a public company in the United States. 

v

Summary of Risk Factors

Our business is subject to numerous risks and
uncertainties, including those highlighted in the section entitled “
Risk Factors
” in this Annual Report, that represent
challenges that we face in connection with the successful implementation of our strategy and the growth of our business. In particular,
the following considerations, among others, may offset our competitive strengths or have a negative effect on our business strategy, which
could cause a decline in the price of shares of our Common Stock or New USARE Warrants and result in a loss of all or a portion of your
investment:

Risks Related to Our Business and Industry

●
The Stillwater Facility is under
                                                                     development and is not yet completed, we have not commenced producing and selling neo magnets, and we have no history in
                                                                     commercial operations and the lack of commercial operations limits the accuracy of any forward-looking forecasts, prospects or
                                                                     business outlook or plans.

●
We may not be able to generate positive cashflow
from our expected future business operations. Our long-term success will depend on implementing the business strategy and operational
plan of the Company, as well as our ability to generate revenues, achieve and maintain profitability and develop positive cash flows from
our magnet production.

●
We may experience time delays, unforeseen expenses,
increased capital costs, and other complications while developing our Projects, these could delay the start of revenue-generating activities
and increase development costs.

●
Until our Round Top Project is capable of satisfying
our feedstock needs, if ever, our business is subject to the availability of rare earth oxide and metal feedstock, in quantities and prices
that allow us to develop and commercially operate its Stillwater Facility.

●
We may be adversely affected by fluctuations
in demand for, and prices of, neo magnets, magnet materials, and necessary feedstock.

●
We may not be able to convert current commercial
discussions and/or memorandums of understanding with customers for the sale of our neo magnets and other products into definitive contracts,
which may have a negative effect on our business.

●
The success of our business will depend, in part,
on the growth of existing and emerging uses for neo magnets.

●
An increase in the global supply of neo magnets
or, dumping, predatory pricing and other tactics by our competitors or state actors may adversely affect our profitability.

●
The Round Top Project is at the exploration
                                                                     stage and we have not commenced construction or commission of the mine nor related facilities, and the development of the Round Top
                                                                     Project into a producing mine is subject to a variety of risks, any number of which may cause the development of the Round Top
                                                                     Project into a producing mine to not occur, be delayed, or not result in the commercial extraction of minerals.

●
We operate in a highly competitive industry in
a high demand and growth environment and additional manufacturing, refining and mining competitors could result in a reduction in revenue.

●
Changes in China’s or the United States’
political environment and policies, including changes in export/import policy may adversely affect our business.

●
The production of neo magnets is a capital-intensive
business that requires the commitment of substantial resources; if we do not have sufficient capital or other resources necessary to provide
for such production, it could negatively impact our business.

●
The amount of capital required for completion
and build-out of the Company’s Projects may increase materially from our current estimates, and we expect to raise further funds
through equity or debt financing, joint ventures, production sharing arrangements or other means. Consequently, we depend on our ability
to successfully access the capital and financial markets. Any inability to access the capital or financial markets may limit our ability
to fund our ongoing operations, execute our business plan or pursue investments that we may rely on for future growth.

●
A power, water, or other utility disruption or
shortage at our Projects could temporarily delay operations and increase costs, which may negatively impact our business.

vi

●
Increasing costs, including rising electricity
and other utility costs, or limited access to raw materials may adversely affect our profitability.

●
We will need to produce our products to exacting
specifications in order to provide future customers with a consistently high-quality product. An inability to meet individual customer
specifications would negatively impact our business.

●
Diminished access to water may adversely affect
our operations.

●
Work stoppages or similar difficulties, breakdown
in labor relations, or a shortage of skilled technicians and engineers could significantly disrupt our operations and reduce our revenues.

●
We depend on key personnel for the success of
our business. If we fail to retain our key personnel or if we fail to attract additional qualified personnel, we may not be able to achieve
our desired level of growth and our business could suffer.

●
We are subject to certain agreements with government entities that have provided us with certain incentives and favorable financing and
contain conditions and obligations, including local investment, job creation, and repayment terms, that, if not complied with, could negatively
impact our business or require us to repay that financing or lose access to those incentives.

●
The holders of our preferred stock have certain
approval rights over actions taken by the Company, including related to incurring debt. If we are unable to secure those approvals or
do so in a timely manner, we may fail to access debt capital when otherwise necessary or advisable.

●
Since its inception, the Company has generated
negative operating cash flows and we may experience negative cash flow from operations in the future. Our consolidated financial statements
have been prepared on a going concern basis.

Risks Related to Legal, Compliance, and Regulations

●
Our operations at our Projects are subject, or
may become subject, to extensive and costly environmental and other requirements; and current and future laws, regulations and permits
impose or may impose significant costs, liabilities or obligations or could limit or prevent our ability to continue our current operations
or to undertake new operations.

●
We will be required to obtain and sustain governmental
permits and approvals to develop and operate the Projects, a process which is often costly and time-consuming. Failure to obtain or retain
any necessary permits or approvals for our planned operations may negatively impact our business.

Risks Related to Intellectual Property and
Technology

●
If we infringe, or are accused of infringing,
the intellectual property rights of third parties, it may increase our costs or prevent us from being able to commercialize new products.

●
We may not be able to adequately protect our
intellectual property rights. If we fail to adequately enforce or defend our intellectual property rights, our business may be harmed.

●
We are dependent upon information technology
systems, which are subject to cyber threats, disruption, damage and failure. Any unauthorized access to, disclosure, or theft of personal
information we gather, store, or use could harm our reputation and subject us to claims or litigation. Further, a failure of our information
technology and data security infrastructure could adversely affect our business and operations.

Risks Related to our Securities 

●
The Certificate of Designation for our
                                                                     Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock and the Series A Preferred Investor Warrants each contain “full ratchet”
                                                                     anti-dilution provisions and a VWAP adjustment provision applicable to the conversion price and exercise price, respectively, which
                                                                     result in a greater number of shares of Common Stock being issued upon conversions or exercises than if the conversions or exercises
                                                                     were effected at the conversion price or exercise price in effect currently. 

●
The requirements of being a public company in
the U.S., may strain our resources and divert management’s attention, and the increases in legal, accounting and compliance expenses
that result from being a public company in the U.S. may be greater than we anticipate.

●
Our certificate of incorporation provides, subject
to limited exceptions, that the courts of the State of Delaware are the sole and exclusive forum for certain stockholder litigation matters,
which could limit our stockholders’ ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers,
employees or stockholders.

●
There is no guarantee that the New USARE Warrants
will ever be in the money, and they may expire worthless.

●
Your unexpired New USARE Warrants may be redeemed
prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your New USARE Warrants worthless.

●
The New USARE Warrants and Series A Preferred
Investor Warrants may have an adverse effect on the market price of the Common Stock.

vii

PART I

Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise
requires, references in this section to the “Company”, “USARE,” “we”, “us”, “our”,
and other similar terms refer to USARE and its subsidiaries prior to the consummation of the Business Combination and refer to New USARE
and its subsidiaries immediately following the consummation of the Business Combination.