Item 3. Legal Proceedings” of this Report.
ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES
Not applicable.
35
PART II
ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
LivaNova’s ordinary shares are quoted on Nasdaq under the symbol “LIVN.”
As of February 18, 2025, according to data provided by LivaNova’s transfer agent, there were 20 stockholders of record. A substantially greater number of holders of LivaNova’s ordinary shares are “street name” or beneficial holders, whose shares of record are held by banks, brokers, and other financial institutions.
Dividend Policy
LivaNova currently has no intention to declare and pay dividends.
Issuer Purchases of Securities
None.
Stock Performance Graph
The following graph compares LivaNova’s five-year cumulative total return with the five-year cumulative total return of the companies on the S&P 500 Index and the companies on the S&P Healthcare Equipment Select Industry Index. This graph assumes the investment of $100 on December 31, 2019 and the reinvestment of all dividends since that date.
The information under the caption “Stock Performance Graph” above is not deemed to be “filed” as part of the Report and is not subject to the liability provisions of Section 18 of the Exchange Act. Such information will not be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing LivaNova makes under the Securities Act, unless LivaNova explicitly incorporates it into such filing at such time.
ITEM 6. [RESERVED]
36
ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes, which appear elsewhere in this Report. Certain percentages presented in this discussion and analysis are calculated from the underlying whole-dollar amounts and therefore may not tie to percentages recalculated from the rounded numbers used for disclosure purposes. The following discussion, analysis, and comparisons generally focus on the operating results for 2024, 2023, and 2022.
LivaNova has elected to omit certain discussions on the earliest of the three years covered in this Report. Refer to 
Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations located in LivaNova’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023
, filed on February 29, 2024, for reference to discussion of 2022, the earliest of the three fiscal years presented.
Description of the Business
LivaNova PLC is a market-leading global medical technology company. The Company designs, develops, manufactures, markets, and sells products and therapies that are consistent with LivaNova’s mission to provide hope for patients and their families through medical technologies, delivering life-changing solutions in select neurological and cardiac conditions. LivaNova is a public limited company organized under the laws of England and Wales and is headquartered in London, England. LivaNova’s ordinary shares are listed for trading on the Nasdaq under the symbol “LIVN.”
Macroeconomic Environment
The current macroeconomic environment, including FX volatility, inflationary pressures, geopolitical instability, and supply chain challenges, has impacted and may continue to impact LivaNova’s business, results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition. Furthermore, LivaNova continues to experience logistical, capacity, and labor constraints. However, to date, the Company’s supply of raw materials and the production and distribution of finished products have not been materially affected. The Company continues to respond to such challenges, and while LivaNova has business continuity plans in place, the impact of the ongoing challenges the Company is navigating, along with their potential escalation, may adversely affect its business. For further discussion on these macroeconomic pressures and potential implications, refer to “