ITEM 1.    BUSINESS
GENERAL
Overview
Viavi Solutions Inc. (VIAVI, also referred to as the Company, we, our and us) is a global provider of network test, monitoring and assurance solutions for telecommunications, cloud, enterprises, first responders, military, aerospace and critical infrastructure. VIAVI is also a leader in optical processing technologies for anti-counterfeiting, 3D sensing, aerospace, automotive and industrial applications.
To serve our markets, we operate the following business segments:
•
Network and Service Enablement (NSE); and
•
Optical Security and Performance Products (OSP).
Effective March 30, 2025, the Company realigned its segment reporting structure. As a result, the company’s Network Enablement (NE) and Service Enablement (SE) business activities are now reported as a single operating and reportable segment, NSE. Recent acquisitions have reduced the SE segment revenue as a percentage of total VIAVI revenue. In addition, NE and SE are managed under common leadership, share many of the same customers and suppliers and operating expenses associated with the NSE business are not exclusively allocated to either NE or SE. 
Corporate Strategy
Our objective is to continue to be a leading provider in the markets and industries we serve. In support of our business segments, we are pursuing a corporate strategy that we believe will best position us for future opportunities as follows: 
•
Defend and consolidate leadership in core business segments:
–
NSE: Lab-to-Field integration across NE Platforms; integration between NE and SE platforms; and
–
OSP: continued innovation in anti-counterfeiting pigments and 3D sensing.
•
Invest in secular trends to drive growth and expand total addressable market (TAM): 
–
Fiber densification: Fiber-to-the-everywhere (FTTx), cable, wireless backhaul and data centers;
–
Wireless: 5G-to-6G evolution, Open Radio Access Network (ORAN), AI-RAN, RAN optimization, private 5G networks and intelligent edge; and
–
High-performance optical applications: free-space optical communications, quantum key distribution and quantum computing and automotive LiDAR.
•
Extend VIAVI technologies and platforms into lucrative adjacent markets and applications:
–
Expand and grow mission-critical applications such as aerospace and defense, resilient positioning, navigation and timing (PNT) and network security; and
–
Transform and extend SE business unit through cloud-centric architecture, artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning (ML), analytics, automation and  security.
Our long-term capital allocation strategy, which supports our corporate strategy, is as follows: 
•
Maintenance and run-rate investments to support operations; 
•
Organic investments in initiatives to support revenue growth and productivity;
•
Execute on debt management strategy;
•
Return capital to shareholders through share buybacks;
•
Leverage our net operating loss carryforwards (NOLs); and 
•
Mergers and acquisitions that are synergistic to company strategy and business segments. 
3
Table of Contents
Although we are working to successfully implement our strategy, internal and/or external factors could impact our ability to meet any, or all, of our objectives. These factors are discussed under Item 1A “Risk Factors” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
Business Segments
We operate in two broad business categories: NSE and OSP. Our NSE and OSP businesses are each organized with their own engineering, manufacturing and dedicated sales and marketing groups focused on each of the markets we serve to better support our customers and respond quickly to market needs. In addition, our segments share common corporate services that provide capital, legal, infrastructure, resources and functional support, allowing them to focus on core technological strengths to compete and innovate in their markets.
Network and Service Enablement 
Our NSE segment provides an integrated portfolio of testing, monitoring, assurance and security solutions to help build, maintain and optimize telecom and datacom networks.
Our solutions address lab and production environments, network management, service assurance and artificial intelligence for IT operations (AIOps) for any kind of network, including wireless, wireline, cloud, satellite, public safety, military and critical infrastructure. Our test instrument portfolio is one of the largest in the industry, with millions of units in active use by service providers and network equipment manufacturers (NEMs) worldwide.
Our Fiber products include an extensive range of instruments and systems enabling the development and testing of high-performance integrated circuits, telecom and datacom equipment, modules and networks.
Our Wireless products consist of flexible application software and multi-functional hardware to enable the development of wireless infrastructure products and the buildout and management of wireless networks.
Our AIOps solutions portfolio leverages AI, ML and big data analytics to automate and enhance end-to-end, multi-domain network operations and automation. Our Network Performance and Threat Solutions (NPTS) portfolio helps enterprise IT and security teams monitor and optimize connectivity for their employees and conducts preventative and forensic analysis to address rising network and security challenges from remote work.
Our Aerospace and Defense business is a leading provider of test equipment for mission critical communication and avionics applications. In addition, we are also a leading provider of products and modules to ensure resilient PNT for civilian and aerospace and defense customers.
Markets

Our NSE segment provides solutions and services for telecommunications service providers, NEMs, communication integrated circuit developers, cloud operators, enterprises, first responders, military, aerospace and critical infrastructure customers. 
Customers
NSE customers include telecom and datacom service providers, critical infrastructure operators, semiconductor and network equipment vendors, state and federal agencies, utilities and the armed forces. Examples of our customers include América Móvil, AT&T Inc., Lumen Technologies, Inc. (formerly CenturyLink, Inc.), Ciena, Cisco Systems, Inc., Ericsson, Nokia Corporation, British Telecom Openreach, Deutsche Telekom AG and Verizon Communications Inc.  
For further information related to our customers, refer to “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” under Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
Competition
NSE competitors include Anritsu Corporation, EXFO Inc., Keysight Technologies Inc., NetScout Systems, Inc., Riverbed Technology, Inc., Rohde & Schwarz, VeEX Inc. and Spirent Communications plc. While we face multiple competitors for each of our product families, we continue to have one of the broadest portfolios of products and monitoring solutions available in the network and service enablement industry.

4
Table of Contents
Industry Trends for NSE 
Rapid growth in network bandwidth demand is the primary driver for our products. Network service providers, data centers operators and their ecosystems are being compelled to upgrade their infrastructure to support the rapid increase in demand for bandwidth and compute power. Service providers and data center operators are investing in new products and technologies that increase the bandwidth and performance of their networks. For wireline operators this means expanding and increasing the fiber bandwidth and for wireless operators it means migrating their networks to the next generations of wireless technologies. The data center ecosystem, consisting of semiconductor vendors, transceiver and module developers, NEMs, and end users including hyperscalers and data center operators amongst others, is also driving rapid change and strong demand in the industry.
In the wireless sector, 5G networks are evolving as service providers deploy 5G Standalone (5GSA) with 5G-specific core networks, enabling differentiated services through network slicing and private networks. The formal inclusion of non-terrestial networks in the 3GPP standards has led to a rise in collaboration between the wireless and satellite sectors and the introduction of satellite-based services including direct-to-cell and satellite broadband. The industry is conducting research to define the path to 6G along vectors including AI across all network functions, new frequency bands, integrated sensing and communications, multiple access and ray tracing.
In fiber, existing network infrastructure that is not otherwise being upgraded is also expected to be modernized with new cable and access technologies. Cable operators are investing in Distributed Access Architecture (DAA) and extending frequencies and network capacity. 
In aerospace and defense, the increased threat of disruption, jamming and spoofing of GPS and GNSS signal is driving the need for solutions to mitigate this threat. Resilient PNT is a broad set of technologies and products that are used to achieve these goals. For our avionics products, many governments across the globe are increasing their military and public safety budgets to upgrade communication infrastructure.
Optical Security and Performance Products 
Our OSP segment leverages its core optical coating technologies and volume manufacturing capability to design, manufacture and sell technologies for the anti-counterfeiting, 3D sensing, government and aerospace, automotive and industrial markets
. 
Our technologies targeting anti-counterfeiting applications include Optical Variable Pigment (OVP®) and Optical Variable Magnetic Pigment (OVMP®). OVP enables color-shifting effects, and OVMP enables depth and motion effects in addition to color-shifting effects. Both OVP and OVMP are formulated into inks used by banknote issuers and security printers worldwide for anti-counterfeiting applications on banknotes and other high-value documents. Our technologies are deployed on the banknotes of more than 100 countries today. 
Our technologies targeting 3D sensing, consumer electronics, industrial, government and automotive sensing include precise, high-performance, optical thin-film coatings and light shaping optics capabilities. VIAVI offerings for 3D sensing applications include Low Angle Shift (LAS) optical filters that offer the system designer unprecedented control over performance variation and signal-to-noise ratio, especially in 3D depth sensing camera systems. VIAVI also offers Engineered Diffusers, marketed under the trademark “Engineered Diffusers®”, for 3D sensing applications. 
Other OSP product lines include custom color solutions and spectral sensing. Custom color solutions include innovative special effects pigments and spectral sensing solutions include handheld and process near infrared spectrometers.
Markets

Our OSP segment delivers overt and covert technologies to protect banknotes and documents of value against counterfeiting, with a primary focus on the currency market. OSP optical thin-film coatings and light shaping optics serve a range of markets including 3D sensing, consumer electronics, industrial, government and automotive sensing. Custom color solutions target a range of decorative applications for the automotive, sports apparel and

architecture markets and spectral sensing solutions address requirements in the pharmaceutical, law enforcement, agriculture, food, feed and industrial markets.
5
Table of Contents
Customers

OSP customers include SICPA Holding SA Company (SICPA), Lockheed Martin Corporation and Seiko Epson Corporation.  
We have a strategic alliance with SICPA to market and sell our OVP and OVMP product lines for banknote anti-counterfeiting applications worldwide. A material reduction in sales, or loss of the relationship with SICPA, may harm our business and operating results as we may be unable to find a substitute marketing and sales partner or develop these capabilities ourselves in a timely manner. For additional information please see the Risk Factor entitled “
We may experience increased pressure on our pricing and contract terms due to our reliance on a limited number of customers for a significant portion of our sales
” under Item 1A “Risk Factors” included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
Competition

OSP competitors include providers of anti-counterfeiting technologies such as Giesecke & Devrient and Crane NXT; special-effect pigments such as Merck KGA and FYOTEC; optical coatings companies such as Materion, Zhejiang Crystal-Optech Co Ltd. and Platinum Optics Technology, Inc.; and manufacturers of passive and other optical components such as Coherent and ams OSRAM.
Offerings

Our OSP business provides innovative light management technologies for the anti-counterfeiting, consumer electronics, industrial, government and automotive markets. 
Anti-Counterfeiting
: Our OVP and OVMP technologies are incorporated into inks used by many government and state-owned security printers worldwide for banknote protection. These technologies deliver a range of intuitive overt effects that enable the rapid verification of banknotes without requiring a specialized device or reader.

Consumer Electronics and Industrial
: Our OSP business manufactures and sells optical filters for 3D sensing products that separate ambient light from incoming data to allow devices to be controlled by a person’s movements or gestures. Our Engineered Diffusers shape light emitted for industrial, consumer electronics and biomedical applications and also enhance eye safety. We provide multicavity and linear variable optical filters on a variety of substrates for applications, including thermal imaging, spectroscopy and pollution monitoring. We also develop and manufacture handheld and process near infrared spectrometers that leverage our linear variable optical filters for use in applications for agriculture, law enforcement, pharmaceutical and other markets. 
Government
: Our products are used in a variety of government and aerospace applications, including optics for inter-satellite laser communications, guidance systems, laser eye protection and night vision systems. These products, including coatings and optical filters, are optimized for each specific application. 
Automotive
: For product differentiation and brand enhancement, we provide custom color solutions for a variety of applications using our ChromaFlair® and SpectraFlair® pigments to create color effects that emphasize body contours, create dynamic environments, or enhance products in motion. These pigments are added to paints, plastics or textiles for automotive, sports apparel and other applications. Additionally, our optical filters and Engineered Diffusers enable automotive sensing applications including LiDAR and in-cabin monitoring.

Industry Trends

For over 75 years, OSP has developed and deployed capabilities that alter how the light is transmitted, reflected and absorbed, enabling a range of mission critical and high-volume optical solutions. 
We leverage our capabilities to deliver technologies that enable anti-counterfeiting solutions designed to protect the integrity of banknotes and other documents of value. The wide availability of advanced and relatively low-cost imaging technologies and printing tools presents a consistent threat to the integrity of secure documents, necessitating robust, technically sophisticated and easy to validate anti-counterfeiting features. Our security pigment technologies enable intuitive overt optical effects that consumers can easily and quickly recognize, and that counterfeiters find very difficult to reproduce. 
Major trends in banknote design include an interest in incorporating more security features even on lower value denominations, a greater variety of colors, development of eye-catching abstract images, and implementing vertical orientation more frequently. Our technologies enable solutions for designers to address these trends.
6
Table of Contents
We also design, manufacture and sell optical filters to improve the performance of optical sensors for a range of applications, including 3D sensing. 3D sensing applications allow consumers to interact with their devices more naturally by enabling electronic devices to accurately measure depth and motion. Our filters play an important role in those applications, separating out ambient light from the incoming data used by sensors to make precise measurements. Notably, our patented LAS technology enables our customers to significantly improve the signal-to-noise ratio of their systems and deliver reliable system performance. Through the development of multiple generations of products for 3D sensing and by delivering improved performance and competitive value with each iteration, we believe we have established ourselves as one of the industry’s leading suppliers of high-performance filters enabling depth-sensing systems in consumer electronics. 
Major trends in 3D sensing and other applications we target include an ongoing drive toward enabling increased efficiency in size, weight and power (SWaP). As an example, customers in the mobile handset market are increasingly interested in delivering products that have increasingly thin physical profiles, necessitating innovation in the design and manufacturing of optical filters to meet those expectations.
In addition to anti-counterfeiting and 3D sensing applications, OSP technologies enable optical solutions for a range of other applications for customers in the aerospace, defense, biomedical and industrial markets.

Research and Development

We devote substantial resources to research and development (R&D) to develop new and enhanced products to serve our markets. Once the design of a product is complete, our engineering efforts shift to enhancing both product performance and our ability to manufacture it in greater volume and at lower cost. 
In our NSE segment, we develop portable test instruments for field service technicians, systems and software used in Network Operations Centers, and instruments used in the development, testing and production of communications network components, modules and equipment. We have centers of excellence for product marketing and development in Asia, Europe and North America. 
In fiscal 2024, the Company was approved for a grant expected to provide approximately $21.7 million in funding over a three-year performance period from the Public Wireless Supply Chain Innovation Fund. The grant is intended to facilitate a fully automated, cooperative, open and unbiased testing environment dedicated to ORAN interoperability, performance and security. This service is designed to manage and support 5G and ORAN deployments that would benefit new entrants, startups and educational institutions to access tools with a minimal ramp-up time. 
In our OSP segment, our R&D efforts concentrate on developing more innovative technologies and products for customers in the anti-counterfeiting, consumer electronics, industrial, government and automotive markets. Our strength in the banknote anti-counterfeiting market is complemented by our advances in developing novel pigments for a variety of applications. Other areas for OSP include our efforts to leverage our optical coating technology expertise to develop applications for the government and defense markets as well as efforts related to new products for 3D sensing and smartphone sensors. OSP also develops, manufactures and sells a line of hand-held and process spectrometers with applications in the agriculture, law enforcement, pharmaceuticals and food markets. 
Sales and Marketing

We market and sell products to communications service providers (CSPs), NEMs, original equipment manufacturers (OEMs), enterprises, governmental organizations, distributors and strategic partners worldwide. We have a dedicated sales force organized around each of the markets that we serve that works directly with customers’ executive, technical, manufacturing and purchasing personnel to determine design, performance and cost requirements. We are also supported by a worldwide channel community who support our NSE segment. 
OSP sales and marketing efforts are targeted primarily toward customers in the consumer electronics, government, commercial aerospace, automotive, biomedical and industrial markets. We have a dedicated direct global sales force focused on understanding customers’ requirements and building market awareness and acceptance of our products. Our direct sales force is complemented by a highly trained team of field applications engineers who assist customers in designing, testing and qualifying our products. We market our products and capabilities through attendance at trade shows, the production of promotional webinars, the development of samples and product demonstrations, participation in technical forums, select advertising and by developing customer partnerships. 
7
Table of Contents
A high level of support is a critical part of our strategy to develop and maintain long-term collaborative relationships with our customers. We develop innovative products by engaging our customers at the initial design phase and continue to build that relationship as our customers’ needs change and develop. Service and support are provided through our offices and those of our partners worldwide.
Acquisitions

As part of our strategy, we are committed to the ongoing evaluation of strategic opportunities and, where appropriate, the acquisition of additional products, technologies or businesses that are complementary to, or strengthen, our existing products. 
For further information related to our acquisitions, refer to “Note 5. Acquisitions” under Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
Restructuring Programs

We may continue to engage in targeted restructuring events, to consolidate our operations and align our businesses in response to market conditions and our current investment strategy. Such actions are intended to   further drive our strategy for organizational alignment and consolidation as part of our continued commitment to a  more cost effective and agile organization and to improve overall profitability in our business segments. 
For further information refer to “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” under Item 7 and “Note 13. Restructuring and Related Charges” under Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
Manufacturing 
As of June 28, 2025, we have significant manufacturing facilities for our NSE and OSP segments located in China, France, Germany, the United Kingdom and the United States. Our most significant contract manufacturing partners are located in China and Thailand. 
Sources and Availability of Raw Materials

We use various suppliers and contract manufacturers to supply parts and components for the manufacture and support of multiple product lines. Although we intend to establish at least two sources of supply for materials whenever possible, for certain components we have sole or limited source supply arrangements.  
Patents and Proprietary Rights

Intellectual property rights apply to our various products include patents, trade secrets and trademarks. We do not intend to broadly license our intellectual property rights unless we can obtain adequate consideration or enter into acceptable intellectual property cross-licensing agreements. As of June 28, 2025, we own approximately 1,085 U.S. patents and 2,075 foreign patents and have 1,164 patent applications pending throughout the world. The average age of the patents we hold is 9.0 years, which is younger than the midpoint of the average 20-year life of a patent. 
Backlog
Due to possible changes in product delivery schedules and cancellation of product orders, and because our sales often reflect orders shipped in the same quarter in which they are received, our backlog at any particular date is not necessarily indicative of actual revenue or the level of orders for any succeeding period. 
Seasonality
Our business is seasonal, as is typical for our competitors and many large companies. For our NSE segment, revenue is typically higher in the second and fourth fiscal quarters, all else being equal. There is typically a modest end of calendar year customer spending budget that benefits our second fiscal quarter. Telecom and cable spending budgets are typically set at the start of a new calendar year, thus with all else being equal, our third fiscal quarter is NSE’s weakest revenue quarter with spending release benefiting our fourth fiscal quarter. 
For our OSP business, given our exposure to the consumer market, namely our 3D sensing products into the smartphone market, OSP revenue is expected to be seasonally higher in the first and second fiscal quarters followed by seasonal demand declines in the third and fourth fiscal quarters. 
8
Table of Contents
Human Capital Management 
The VIAVI culture is made up of the contributions of our approximately 3,600 employees worldwide (as of June 28, 2025) working across 31 countries. VIAVI is committed to promoting and maintaining an inclusive work environment that provides equal opportunities to everyone. We seek to empower our employees to develop their career through on the job experiences, by providing access to ongoing learning and building critical skills. The exposure provided by our graduate programs invites collaboration and innovation, attracting best-in-class talent. We provide managers with comprehensive leadership training through our manager development series.  
Our People Strategy
The Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and the Senior Vice President (SVP) of Human Resources are responsible for the development of our People Strategy and execute this with the support of the Executive Management Team. We regularly update and partner with the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors on human capital matters. The VIAVI People Strategy articulates our talent priorities and provides the road map for the execution of human capital management in support of our business strategy. 
Understanding employee experience continues to be an important focus of our People Strategy. Through focused internal employee outreach, we seek to enhance business knowledge, drive organizational awareness and foster cross-functional collaboration. We frequently measure employee sentiment and gather data that provides all employees with insight into our culture, the working environment and our employees’ drivers for engagement.
Business Values and Standards
The VIAVI business values articulate the internal cultural identity for VIAVI employees and provide a shared understanding of expectations across the Company. They represent the principles that help guide us to achieve our objectives globally and the desired operating environment of the employees and management. VIAVI is committed to respecting human rights and acknowledges the fundamental principles contained in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the tenets of the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights, and core International Labor Organization Conventions to the extent they are applicable and important to our business. We are a member of the Responsible Business Alliance, which further strengthens our efforts and commitment.  
We realize that being a responsible global citizen is important to the sustainability and commercial success of our business and encompasses more than just complying with local regulations. It’s about how we do business, and how our organization’s activities affect the people and communities where we live and work. The VIAVI Code of Business Conduct captures the broad principles of legal and ethical business conduct embraced by the Company as part of its commitment to integrity. VIAVI expects that all employees will act in a manner that complies both with the letter and spirit of this code of conduct. 
Inclusion and Opportunity

VIAVI is committed to fostering, cultivating, and preserving a culture of inclusion and opportunity. We believe the unique contributions and capabilities of our employees comprise one of our most valuable assets. We believe the collective sum of our individual differences, life experiences, knowledge, innovation, business acumen and self-expression promotes a culture that enhances our reputation and achievement. 
VIAVI has long been committed to ensuring that all individuals have an equal opportunity to enjoy a fair, safe and productive work environment. We are committed to fostering an environment where employees are treated fairly, respectfully and without favoritism. We embrace, encourage, and celebrate our employees’ differences and what makes them unique.
Talent Development

Our talent development offerings provide relevant and useful learning resources for our employees, managers and leaders that invite a growth mindset and create an appetite for lifelong learning.   
We seek to drive frequent and meaningful talent conversations through Everyday Development, our performance management check-in process. Check-ins ensure that employees are coached and supported throughout the year with relevant and timely discussions on expectations, feedback and development. Both managers and employees have a role to play to ensure that they are connected to the activities that drive our business forward. We aim for a work environment in which our employees can expect to engage regularly with their manager, and to have their support to accelerate their performance and development. 
9
Table of Contents
Our global Leadership Development Program continues to provide people managers with the skills to build high performing teams. The program provides a venue for managers to network with their cross functional and global peer group while developing their skills.
We continue to provide guidance and best practices in hybrid working for our employees and managers, which are supported by our Flexible Work policy. 
Talent Rewards

Our compensation and benefits programs are designed to recognize our employees' individual performance and contributions to our business results, including competitive base salaries and variable pay for all employees, share-based equity award grants, health and welfare benefits, time-off, development programs and training and opportunities to give back to our communities. We provide talent rewards that are competitive in the marketplace and support equal pay for equal work and pay transparency.   
Health and Safety
VIAVI is committed to maintaining an inclusive, supportive, safe and healthy work environment where our employees can thrive. We demand strict compliance with all applicable health and safety regulations, offer robust training to our employees on health and safety matters, maintain controls and proper disposal of hazardous materials and track workplace incidents and injuries. We maintain and regularly update emergency and disaster recovery plans.
The success of our Safety program is demonstrated by our best-in-class Total Recordable Injury Rate (TRIR) of only 0.08 injuries per 100 full-time workers per year.
Where You Can Find More Information
Our website address is 
www.viavisolutions.com
, which the Company uses as a means to disclose important information about the Company and comply with its disclosure obligations under Regulation Fair Disclosure. We are subject to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), under which we file annual, quarterly and periodic reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC, which can be accessed on www.sec.gov. We also make available free of charge all of our SEC filings on our website at 
www.viavisolutions.com/investors
 as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. The information contained on any of the websites referenced in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are not part of or incorporated by reference into this or any other report we file with, or furnish to, the SEC. 

10
Table of Contents