Item 3. Legal Proceedings
Information pertaining to legal proceedings can be found in 
Note 20. Commitments and Contingencies
 and is incorporated by reference herein.
Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures
Not applicable.
49
PART II.
Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
Market Information and Holders
Our Class A common stock trades under the symbol “AMRX” on the Nasdaq. According to the records of our transfer agent, we had 154 holders of record of our Class A common stock as of February 14, 2025. A substantially greater number of holders of our Class A common stock are “street name” or beneficial holders, whose shares of record are held by banks, brokers, and other financial institutions.
Performance Graph
Set forth below is a line graph comparing the change in the cumulative total shareholder return on our Class A common stock with the cumulative total returns of the Nasdaq Composite Total Return Index, the Russell 2000 Index and the Dow Jones U.S. Select Pharmaceuticals Index for the period from December 31, 2019 to December 31, 2024, assuming the investment of $100 on December 31, 2019, and the reinvestment of dividends. For the years ended December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we utilized the Russell 2000 Index as a broad equity market index for purposes of meeting the disclosure requirements of Regulation S-K Item 201(e)(1)(i) and the Dow Jones U.S. Select Pharmaceuticals Index as a published industry index for purposes of meeting the disclosure requirements of Regulation S-K Item 201(e)(1)(ii)(A). The Class A common stock price performance shown on the graph only reflects the change in our Class A common stock price relative to the noted indices and is not necessarily indicative of future price performance.
50
Dividends
We have never paid cash dividends on any class of our common stock and have no present plans to do so. Our current policy is to retain all earnings, if any, for use in the operation of our business or to reduce our debt.
Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
We did not purchase any shares of our Class A common stock during the three months ended December 31, 2024.
51
Item 6. Reserved
52
Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
Amneal Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the “Company”, “we,” “us,” or “our”) is a global pharmaceutical company that develops, manufactures, markets, and distributes a diverse portfolio of essential medicines. Our Affordable Medicines segment includes retail generics, injectables, and biosimilars.  In our Specialty segment, we offer a portfolio of branded pharmaceuticals focused primarily on central nervous system and endocrine disorders. Through our AvKARE segment, we are a distributor of pharmaceuticals and other products for the U.S. federal government, retail, and institutional markets. We operate principally in the United States (“U.S.”), India, and Ireland. Refer to the section “Segments” below for an overview of our segments, including the change in name of the Affordable Medicines segment.
Prior to the Reorganization (as defined herein), we were a holding company, whose principal assets were common units (the “Amneal Common Units”) of Amneal Pharmaceuticals, LLC (“Amneal”).  As of September 30, 2023, we held 50.4% of the Amneal Common Units and the group, together with their affiliates and certain assignees, who owned Amneal when it was a private company (the “Members” or the “Amneal Group”) held the remaining 49.6%. On November 7, 2023, we implemented a plan pursuant to which we and Amneal reorganized and simplified our corporate structure by eliminating our umbrella partnership-C-corporation structure and converting to a more traditional structure whereby all stockholders hold their voting and economic interests directly through the public company (the “Reorganization”). Effective with the Reorganization, we hold 100% of the Amneal Common Units and consolidate the financial statements of Amneal and its subsidiaries. Refer to 
Note 1. Nature of Operations
 in our consolidated financial statements for additional information about the Reorganization.
Although we had a minority economic interest in Amneal prior to March 31, 2023, we were Amneal’s sole managing member, having the sole voting power to make all of Amneal’s business decisions and control its management. Therefore, we consolidated the financial statements of Amneal and its subsidiaries prior to the Reorganization. We recorded non-controlling interests for the portion of Amneal’s economic interests that we did not hold prior to the Reorganization.
The following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including those set forth under