Item 1A.

Risk Factors
.
Intangible Assets
We review our long-lived assets, including intangible assets with finite lives, for recoverability whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not be fully recoverable. We evaluate assets for potential impairment by comparing estimated future undiscounted net cash flows to the carrying amount of the asset. If the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the estimated future undiscounted cash flows, impairment is measured based on the difference between the carrying amount of the assets and fair value which is generally an expected present value cash flow technique. Our policy in determining whether an impairment indicator exists comprises measurable operating performance criteria as well as other qualitative measures. Events giving rise to impairment are an inherent risk in the pharmaceutical industry and cannot be predicted. Factors that we consider in deciding when to perform an impairment review include significant under-performance of a product in relation to expectations, significant negative industry or economic trends, and significant changes or planned changes in our use of the assets. If our assumptions are not correct, there could be an impairment loss in subsequent periods or, in the case of a change in the estimated useful life of the asset, a change in amortization expense.
Intangible assets with indefinite lives, including IPR&D, are tested for impairment if impairment indicators arise and, at a minimum, annually. However, an entity is permitted to first assess qualitative factors to determine if a quantitative impairment test is necessary. Further testing is only required if the entity determines, based on the qualitative assessment, that it is more likely than not that an indefinite-lived intangible asset’s fair value is less than its carrying amount. Otherwise, no further impairment testing is required. The indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment test consists of a one-step analysis that compares the fair value of the intangible asset with its carrying amount. If the carrying amount of an intangible asset exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. We consider many factors in evaluating whether the value of its intangible assets with indefinite lives may not be recoverable, including, but not limited to the discount rate, terminal growth rates, general economic conditions, our outlook and market performance of our industry and recent and forecasted financial performance.
For the year ended December 31, 2024, intangible asset impairment charges were not material. For the year ended December 31, 2023, we recognized $66.9 million of intangible asset impairment charges, of which $36.1 million was recognized in cost of goods sold and $30.8 million was recognized in in-process research and development impairment charges. Cost of sales impairment charges for the year ended December 31, 2023 of $36.1 million primarily related to a reduction in promotional focus on 
LYVISPAH™ in our Specialty segment, 
resulting in significantly lower than expected future cash flows. IPR&D impairment charges for the year ended December 31, 2023 of $30.8 million were related to one Affordable Medicines asset and one Specialty asset, both of which experienced adverse clinical trials results in the fourth quarter of 2023 and resulted in significantly lower than expected future cash flows. 
Income Taxes
We record valuation allowances against our DTAs when it is more likely than not that all or a portion of a DTA will not be realized. We routinely evaluate the realizability of our DTAs by assessing the likelihood that our DTAs will be recovered based on all available positive and negative evidence, including scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities, estimates of future taxable income, tax planning strategies and results of operations. Estimating future taxable income is inherently uncertain and requires judgment. In projecting future taxable income, we consider our historical results and incorporate certain assumptions, including projected new product launches, revenue growth, and operating margins, among others.
A valuation allowance, if needed, reduces DTAs to the amount expected to be realized. When determining the amount of net DTAs that are more likely than not to be realized, we assess all available positive and negative evidence. This evidence 
64
includes, but is not limited to, prior earnings history, projected future earnings, carryback and carry-forward periods and the feasibility of ongoing tax strategies that could potentially enhance the likelihood of the realization of a DTA. The weight given to the positive and negative evidence is commensurate with the extent the evidence may be objectively verified. As such, it is generally difficult for positive evidence regarding projected future taxable income to outweigh objective negative evidence of recent financial reporting losses.
As of December 31, 2024, based upon all available objective and verifiable evidence both positive and negative, including historical levels of pre-tax loss and income both on a consolidated basis and tax reporting entity basis, legislative developments, expectations and risks associated with estimates of future pre-tax income, and prudent and feasible tax planning strategies, we determined that it is more likely than not that we will not realize the benefits of our gross DTAs. Accordingly, as of December 31, 2024, this valuation allowance was $590.3 million and reduced the carrying value of these gross DTAs, net of the impact of the reversal of taxable temporary differences, to zero.
As described in