Item 3.
Legal Proceedings
30
Item 4.
Mine Safety Disclosures
30
PART II
Item 5.
Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
30
Item 6.
[Reserved]
32
Item 7.
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
32
Item 7A.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
44
Item 8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
45
Item 9.
Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
78
Item 9A.
Controls and Procedures
78
Item 9B.
Other Information
80
Item 9C.
Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections
80
PART III
Item 10.
Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
80
Item 11.
Executive Compensation
80
Item 12.
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
80
Item 13.
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
80
Item 14.
Principal Accountant Fees and Services
80
PART IV
Item 15.
Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules
80
Item 16.
Form 10-K Summary
83
Signatures
85
​
​
​
2

Table of Contents
PART I
Unless otherwise indicated in this Report, “SkyWest,” “we,” “us,” “our” and similar terms refer to SkyWest, Inc., including SkyWest’s wholly-owned subsidiary SkyWest Airlines, Inc. “SkyWest Airlines” refers to our wholly-owned subsidiary SkyWest Airlines, Inc., "SkyWest Leasing" refers to our wholly-owned subsidiary SkyWest Leasing, Inc. and “SWC” refers to our wholly-owned subsidiary SkyWest Charter, LLC.
Cautionary Statement Concerning Forward-Looking Statements
Certain of the statements contained in this Report should be considered “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as “may,” “will,” “expect,” “intend,” “forecast,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “plan,” “project,” “could,” “should,” “hope,” “likely,” and “continue” and similar terms used in connection with statements regarding our outlook, anticipated operations, the revenue environment, our contractual relationships, and our anticipated financial performance. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements about the continued demand for our product, the effect of economic conditions on SkyWest’s business, financial condition and results of operations, the scheduled aircraft deliveries, fleet expansion and anticipated fleet size for SkyWest in upcoming periods, expected production levels in future periods and associated staffing challenges, pilot attrition trends, SkyWest’s coordination with United Airlines, Inc. (“United”), Delta Air Lines, Inc. (“Delta”), American Airlines, Inc. (“American”) and Alaska Airlines, Inc. (“Alaska”) (each, a “major airline partner” and together, “major airline partners”) to optimize the delivery of aircraft under previously announced agreements and quickly placing new aircraft deliveries into service, the expected terms, timing and benefits related to SkyWest’s leasing, strategic partnership and joint venture transactions, SkyWest’s provision of assets to Corporate Flight Management, Inc. d/b/a Contour Airlines (“Contour”), scheduled flight service to smaller communities, increasing the utilization and efficiency of all fleet types as well as SkyWest’s future financial and operating results, plans, objectives, expectations, estimates, intentions and outlook, and other statements that are not historical facts. All forward-looking statements included in this Report are made as of the date hereof and are based on information available to SkyWest as of such date. SkyWest assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements unless required by law. Readers should note that many factors could affect the future operating and financial results of SkyWest and could cause actual results to vary materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements set forth in this Report. These factors include, but are not limited to the challenges of competing successfully in a highly competitive and rapidly changing industry; developments associated with fluctuations in the economy and the demand for air travel, including related to inflationary pressures, and related decreases in customer demand and spending; uncertainty regarding potential future outbreaks of infectious diseases or other health concerns, and the consequences of such outbreaks to the travel industry, including travel demand and travel behavior, and our major airline partners in general and the financial condition and operating results of SkyWest in particular; the prospects of entering into agreements with existing or other carriers to fly new aircraft; uncertainty regarding timing and performance of key third-party service providers; ongoing negotiations between SkyWest and its major airline partners regarding their contractual obligations; uncertainties regarding operation of new aircraft; the ability to attract and retain qualified pilots, including captains, and related staffing challenges; the impact of regulatory issues such as pilot rest rules and qualification requirements; the ability to obtain aircraft financing; the financial stability of SkyWest’s major airline partners and any potential impact of their financial condition on the operations of SkyWest; fluctuations in flight schedules, which are determined by the major airline partners for whom SkyWest conducts flight operations; variations in market and economic conditions; significant aircraft lease and debt commitments; estimated useful life of long-lived assets, residual aircraft values and related impairment charges; labor relations and costs; the impact of global instability; rapidly fluctuating fuel costs and potential fuel shortages; the impact of weather-related, natural disasters and other air safety incidents on air travel and airline costs; aircraft deliveries; uncertainty regarding ongoing hostility between Russia and the Ukraine, as well as Israel and Hamas, and the related impacts on macroeconomic conditions and on the international operations of any of our major airline partners as a result of such conflict; the availability of parts used in connection with maintenance and repairs of the aircraft; the availability of suitable replacement aircraft for aging aircraft; and other unanticipated factors. 
There may be other factors that may affect matters discussed in forward-looking statements set forth in this Report, which factors may also cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed. We assume no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement to reflect actual results, changes in assumptions or changes in other factors affecting these statements other than as required by applicable law.
3

Table of Contents