Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

SUMMARY OF MATERIAL RISKS

Factors, risks, trends and uncertainties that make an investment in us speculative or risky and that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those anticipated in our forward-looking statements include the matters described under “Risk Factors” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” included in this report in addition to the following other factors, risks, trends and uncertainties:

•
changes in macroeconomic conditions, including inflation, tariffs and global supply chain challenges and changing interest rates, especially as they may affect existing or new home sales, consumer confidence, labor availability or our costs;

•
our ability to successfully implement our business strategies;

•
the ability of our marketing efforts to be successful and cost-effective;

•
our dependence on our first-year direct-to-consumer and real estate acquisition channels and our renewal channel;

•
changes in the source and intensity of competition in our market;

•
our ability to attract, retain and maintain positive relations with third-party contractors and vendors;

•
increases in parts, appliance and home system prices, and other operating costs;

•
changes in U.S. tariffs or import/export regulations;

•
our ability to attract and retain qualified key employees and labor availability in our customer service operations;

•
our dependence on third-party vendors, including business process outsourcers, and third-party component suppliers;

•
cybersecurity breaches, disruptions or failures in our technology systems;

•
our ability to protect the security of personal information about our customers;

•
compliance with, or violation of, laws and regulations, including consumer protection laws, or lawsuits or other claims by third parties, increasing our legal and regulatory expenses;

•
weather, including adverse conditions, Acts of God and seasonality, along with related regulations;

•
our ability to underwrite risks accurately and to charge adequate prices to builder members, as well as our ability to effectively re-insure a large portion of those risks;

•
the availability of reinsurance to manage a substantial portion of our potential loss exposure for our new home structural warranty business;

•
evolving corporate governance and disclosure regulations and expectations;

5

•
our ability to protect our intellectual property and other material proprietary rights;

•
negative reputational and financial impacts resulting from acquisitions or strategic transactions;

•
a requirement to recognize impairment charges;

•
third-party use of our trademarks as search engine keywords to direct our potential customers to their own websites; 

•
inappropriate use of social media by us or other parties to harm our reputation;

•
special risks applicable to operations outside the United States by us or our business process outsource providers; 

•
risks related to the 2-10 HBW Acquisition, including the risk that the 2-10 HBW Acquisition may not achieve its intended results;

•
any liabilities, losses, or other exposures for which we do not have adequate insurance coverage, indemnification, or other protection;

•
increase in our indebtedness as a result of financing the 2-10 HBW Acquisition;

•
a return on investment in our common stock is dependent on appreciation in the price;

•
inclusion in our certificate of incorporation a forum selection clause that could discourage an acquisition of our company or litigation against us and our directors and officers;

•
the effects of our significant indebtedness, our ability to incur additional debt and the limitations contained in the agreements governing such indebtedness;

•
increases in interest rates increasing the cost of servicing our indebtedness and counterparty credit risk due to instruments designed to minimize exposure to market risks;

•
increased borrowing costs due to lowering or withdrawal of the credit ratings, outlook or watch assigned to us or our Credit Facilities; 

•
our ability to generate the significant amount of cash needed to fund our operations and service our debt obligations; and

•
other factors described in this report and from time to time in documents that we file with the SEC.

6

PART I

ITEM 1. BUSIN
ESS

Overview

Frontdoor is the leading provider of home warranties and new home structural warranties in the United States, as measured by revenue, and operates primarily under the American Home Shield and 2-10 HBW brands. Our customizable home warranties help customers protect and maintain their homes, typically their most valuable asset, from costly and unplanned breakdowns of essential home systems and appliances. We maintain regular contact with our home warranty customers as we handle approximately four million home warranty service requests annually utilizing our nationwide network of approximately 17,000 qualified professional contractor firms in a wide range of trades and with diverse skills and capabilities. We provide our customers with a compelling value proposition by offering financial protection against unplanned and expensive home repairs, coupled with the convenience of having repairs guaranteed by us and completed by experienced professionals whose quality levels are continuously monitored. Our new home structural warranty business provides value to home builders and owners of new homes by providing coverage, including insurance-backed coverage for workmanship, systems and/or structural failures, as well as other post-construction services. We offer new home builders with an attractive value proposition by providing a means for them to transfer the risk of structural failures that may occur within ten years of completion, as well as service offerings for those builders seeking administrative services rather than a full transfer of structural risk.

Our value proposition to our professional contractor network is equally compelling as we provide them access to our significant work volume, thus increasing their business activity while enhancing their ability to manage their financial and human capital resources. We realize significant economies of scale as a result of our volume of home warranty service requests, and we intend to leverage our enhanced customer- and contractor-centric technology platform, robust independent contractor network, existing customer base, purchasing volume for parts, appliances and home systems, and extensive history and deep understanding of the home services industry to generate sustained revenue growth of our home warranty brands.

We also plan to continue to leverage these unique attributes to expand our non-warranty (or on-demand) home services. We offer non-warranty home services via our website and app to our home warranty customers directly and others through partnerships and our subscription-based Frontdoor app. Our Frontdoor app is intended to provide a one-stop experience for home repair and maintenance using video chat, augmented reality and video collaboration tools. Homeowners can get help in real time, as our expert may be able to provide a virtual diagnosis of the issue and help them fix the problem, reducing the need for an in-home visit from a professional.

On December 19, 2024, we acquired 2-10 HBW, the leading provider of new home structural warranties as measured by revenue and a leading provider of home warranties. New home structural warranties are typically insurance-backed products that offer builders coverage and surety for a home’s workmanship, distribution systems and/or load-bearing structural components. Approximately one in five new homes built in the U.S. are covered by a 2-10 HBW new home structural warranty. The majority of 2-10 HBW’s new home structural warranty revenue comes from repeat builder partners and/or builders with multi-year agreements. As of December 31, 2024, our 2-10 HBW business had approximately 19,000 builder partners.

As of December 31, 2024, we had approximately 2.1 million active home warranties across all brands in the United States, including our American Home Shield, HSA, OneGuard, Landmark and 2-10 HBW brands. Our home warranty customers usually subscribe to an annual service plan agreement that covers the repair or replacement of major components of up to 29 home systems and appliances, including electrical, plumbing, HVAC systems, water heaters, refrigerators, dishwashers and ranges/ovens/cooktops, as well as optional coverages for electronics, pools, spas and pumps. Given the potentially high cost of a major appliance or home system breakdown, the cumbersome process of vetting and hiring a qualified repair professional and, typically, the lack of a formal guarantee for services performed by repair professionals in retail, our customers place high value on the peace of mind, budget protection, convenience, repair expertise and service guarantee our home warranties deliver.

As home systems and appliances become more complex, and the needs of our customers continue to evolve, we believe our ability to innovate through upgraded and customized product offerings, differentiated service offerings and channel diversification focused on key customer segments will continue to drive customer growth and retention. The expansion of our home warranty offerings, new branding initiatives, and the utilization of dynamic pricing algorithms, as well as our investments in non-warranty services and new home structural warranties, position us for growth.

7

Our multi-faceted value proposition resonates with a broad consumer demographic. Additionally, our range of product offerings—from extensive home warranty coverage to non-warranty services and maintenance to virtual diagnosis—can meet home warranty customer needs, whether they are seeking peace of mind, budget protection, assistance in finding a contractor or want only guidance for a do-it-yourself solution. We acquire our home warranty customers through awareness driven through the real estate channel and directly by advertising and marketing our brands through our direct-to-consumer (“DTC”) channel. As a result of our strong customer value proposition, 78 percent of our revenue in 2024 was generated through existing customer renewals, which was in line with historical averages, driving consistency and predictability in our revenues. In addition, approximately 84 percent of our home warranty customers renew automatically on an annual basis.

Our value proposition is attractive to new home builders seeking to transfer the risk of structural failures that may occur within ten years of completion, as well as service offerings for those builders seeking administrative services rather than a full transfer of structural risk. These warranties also include up to one year of workmanship surety protection and up to two years of systems surety protection. We implement a vigorous underwriting process for builder members, particularly those with whom we enter into multi-year contracts, and for each warranty, relying on engineering expertise and decades of structural claims data to help us assess risk. Our ability to diversify our risk through reinsurance further helps us to provide an attractive offering for builders.

We are also selective with onboarding new contractor firms into our nationwide network and continuously monitor service quality through a set of rigorous performance measures, relying heavily on direct customer feedback. We classify a subset of our independent contractor network for home warranty services as “preferred,” representing firms that meet our highest quality standards and are our most cost-effective providers. Our preferred contractor network completed 85 percent of our home warranty service requests in 2024. We believe that increased usage of our preferred contractors leads to higher customer retention rates as well as lower costs. We intend to leverage our preferred contractor base, and our ability to offer virtual diagnosis of issues, to enhance our contractors’ and customers’ experience, and to expand deeper into home repair and maintenance services.

For the year ended December 31, 2024, we generated revenue, net income and Adjusted EBITDA of $1,843 million, $235 million and $443 million, respectively. For a reconciliation of net income to Adjusted EBITDA, see “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Results of Operations—Adjusted EBITDA.”

Our Opportunity

Frontdoor primarily operates within the estimated $500 billion U.S. home services industry, as measured by revenue. The home warranty category currently represents approximately $4 billion in annual revenue. We view increased penetration within the U.S. home services industry as a long-term growth opportunity. This category is currently characterized by low household penetration with only an estimated five million out of an estimated 87 million U.S. households (owner-occupied homes) covered by a home warranty, or approximately six percent category penetration. In addition, we believe consumer preference for peace of mind, budget protection and convenience as home systems and appliances become more complex will emphasize the value proposition of qualified professional repair and maintenance services and, accordingly, the coverage benefits offered by a home warranty. As of December 2024, we have further expanded to adjacent industry categories focused on new home structural warranties, including warranties with administrative and financial services to support new home builders and owners of new homes.

We also believe that we are well-positioned to capitalize on our leading position in the home warranty category to provide services to consumers in the broader repair and maintenance sectors in the U.S. home services industry. As consumer demand shifts toward more convenient, outsourced services, we believe we have an opportunity as a reliable, scaled service provider with a nationwide network of qualified professional service providers to expand further into non-warranty home services. We expect to continue to leverage the quality, trust and brand awareness of our brands to grow our non-warranty offerings and to allow us to demonstrate the enhanced value that we can offer to both consumers and contractors.

Our marketplace-based approach to home service delivery requires us to focus on growing our supply side, and we remain committed to attracting and retaining high-quality independent contractors for our network of professional service providers. As we continue to refine, scale and leverage our contractor network, we in turn expand our breadth of potential services and enhance our ability to further execute our non-warranty home services delivery model.

8

Our Competitive Strengths

We believe the following competitive strengths have been instrumental to our success and position us for future growth:

Leader in Large, Fragmented and Underpenetrated Category. 
We are the leader in the U.S. home warranty category. For more than five decades, we have developed a marketplace reputation built on the strength of our brands, our customer and contractor value proposition and our service quality. As a result, we enjoy industry-leading brand awareness and offer high-quality customer service, both of which are key drivers of the success of our customer acquisition and retention efforts. Our size and scale help facilitate contractor selection and purchasing volume for parts, appliances and home systems, as well as the ability to realize marketing and operating efficiencies. This leadership position has been further enhanced by the 2-10 HBW Acquisition in December 2024, the leading provider of new home structural warranties in the United States as measured by revenue.

High-Value Service Offerings. 
We provide our customers with a compelling value proposition by offering financial protection against unplanned and expensive home repairs, coupled with the convenience of having repairs guaranteed by us and completed by experienced professionals whose quality levels are continuously monitored. In contrast with insurance products like homeowners’ insurance that have low frequency of use, we pay claims on behalf of our home warranty customers more than once per year, on average. We believe this high level of engagement reinforces our customer value proposition and leads to improved retention rates. We believe our customer retention rate is further evidence of the value our customers place on our service and the quality of execution that we provide. For our builder members, we provide insurance coverage to protect against homeowner claims of structural failure up to ten years after completion of the home, as well as administrative services to help them manage workmanship, distribution system and structural warranties related to their builds.

Unique and Compelling Independent Contractor Network.
 We maintain and manage a nationwide network of approximately 17,000 independent professional contractor firms in a wide range of trades and with diverse skills and capabilities. We are selective with onboarding new contractor firms into our nationwide network and continuously monitor service quality through a set of rigorous performance measures, relying heavily on direct customer feedback. We classify a subset of our independent contractor network for home warranty services as “preferred,” representing firms that meet our highest quality standards and are our most cost-effective providers. We believe that increased usage of our preferred contractors leads to higher customer retention rates as well as lower costs. Our value proposition to our professional contractor network is equally compelling as we provide them access to our significant work volume, thus increasing their business activity while enhancing their ability to manage their financial and human capital resources. We realize significant economies of scale as a result of our volume of home warranty service requests.

Technology-Enabled Platform Drives Efficiency and Quality of Service. 
We are focused on constantly improving the customer and contractor experience. We continuously develop and refine our advanced customer- and contractor-centric technology platform to enhance the experience for our customers, contractors and commercial partners. Our platform allows customers to purchase a home warranty, request a maintenance or repair service, virtually communicate with a representative, learn about home maintenance and repairs and service offerings from our commercial partners, manage their account and track the progress of their home service requests, all from their smartphone or other connected device, and as of late-2024, our American Home Shield app is available to our home warranty customers to provide another avenue for support. Our contractor technology platform makes it easier for contractors to work with us and improves communications between contractors and our customers. Our realtor technology platform makes it easier for realtors to work with us and, therefore, recommend our product offerings to their clients.

Our technological capabilities are also enhanced by our technology platform, which uses video chat capability, augmented reality, computer vision and machine learning to connect homeowners with one of our experts, who may be able to provide a virtual diagnosis of the issue and help them fix the problem, reducing the need for an in-home visit from a professional.

We believe our technology-enabled platform provides a foundation for operational and customer service excellence and differentiation, ultimately driving customer and contractor retention and growth.

Diverse, Recurring and Stable Revenue Channels.
 We acquire new customers for our home warranty business through two channels, real estate and DTC, which are offered nationally. We believe our ability to acquire customers through the DTC channel helps to mitigate the effect of potential cyclicality in the home real estate market and our nationwide presence limits the impact of poor regional economic conditions. We also benefit from our predictable and recurring revenue, as our home warranty customers typically sign annual contracts, and 78 percent of our revenue in 2024 was generated through existing customer renewals, which was in line with historical averages. Additionally, 84 percent of our home warranty customers are on a monthly auto-pay program. Auto-pay customers historically have been more likely to renew than non-auto-pay customers. Our business model continues to prove resilient through various business cycles as evidenced by our compound annual revenue growth rate of six percent from 2019 to 2024. Our builder members are acquired directly through our sales program, with a focus on signing multi-year agreements with preferred builders.

9

Multi-Channel Sales and Marketing Approach Supported by Sophisticated Consumer Analytics. 
Our multi-channel sales and marketing approach is designed to understand our customers’ key decision points during the purchase of home services to generate revenue, better serve their needs, and build brand value. We use this information to help us design product offerings and differentiate our brands and product offerings to meet the diverse and changing needs of consumers.

In the real estate channel for home warranties, we leverage marketing and information service arrangements, as well as a team of inside and field-based sales associates to train, educate and market our home warranty plans through real estate brokers and agents at both local, regional and national levels. We have relationships with each of the top ten real estate brokers in the United States, and we view these strategic relationships as a valuable aspect of our sales model.

In the DTC channel for home warranties, we increasingly utilize sophisticated consumer analytics and testing models that allow us to more effectively segment our prospective customers and deliver tailored marketing campaigns and messaging, combined with sophisticated pricing and discounting models. In addition, we have deployed more sophisticated marketing and media tools to attract customers, including content marketing, online reputation management and social media channels.

For our new home structural warranty business, we market through regional sales teams focused on understanding the new home construction business and geographical variations, as well as developing and deepening builder relationships. This team maintains relationships with industry associations and realtors to continue to introduce new builders to the benefits of our services.

Leveraging Dynamic Pricing. 
We utilize dynamic pricing in our home warranty renewal and DTC channels, which allows us to leverage our proprietary data platform to adjust our plan prices based on factors such as the strength of our contractor network or characteristics of homes in a market. We are using these capabilities to offer more attractive pricing overall, enabling us to expand our potential customer base to those previously priced out of the market due to the industry's historical practice of state-level pricing.

Capital-Light Business Model. 
Our business model generates strong Adjusted EBITDA margins and requires limited capital expenditures. As such, our capital-light business model has averaged two percent of revenue over the last seven years. We may, from time to time, make more significant investments in capability-expanding technology, including continued investments in our technology-enabled platform to drive efficiency and quality of service. For the year ended December 31, 2024, net cash provided from operating activities was $270 million, and Free Cash Flow was $231 million. For a reconciliation of net cash provided from operating activities to Free Cash Flow, see “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources—Cash Flows.”

Experienced Management Team. 
We have a management team of highly-experienced leaders who possess deep insight into transforming large consumer discretionary businesses, leveraging technology to innovate and grow businesses, and who have strong track records in marketing and operational excellence for a wide variety of industries and economic conditions. Our management team is highly focused on execution and driving growth and profitability, and, as such, our compensation structure is tied to key performance metrics that are designed to incentivize senior management to drive the long-term success of our business. We believe our management team has the vision and experience to position us for continued success and to implement and execute our business strategies over the long term.

Our Business Strategies

We intend to profitably grow our business by:

Increasing Our Home Warranty Customer Base. 
We intend to further grow our home warranty business by making strategic investments to educate consumers on, and remind our current customers of, our compelling value proposition, including targeting homeowners more effectively through a variety of product offerings, messaging and retention programs; further improving and differentiating the customer experience from our category; and optimizing our strategies with respect to real estate brokers, contractor firms and business partners. Further, we believe our new home structural warranties and our non-warranty home services provide us more opportunities to introduce customers to our overall home warranty value proposition. We intend to leverage our analysis of consumer preferences to offer home warranties that meet the needs of consumers who prefer traditional home warranties, as well as those seeking non-warranty services
.

Providing Customers Access to High-Quality and Convenient Non-Warranty Home Services. 
Through our non-warranty services business, we offer customers access to home systems repair and diagnostic services with convenient scheduling, upfront pricing on select services and ongoing support. For contractors, this product offering provides actual revenue opportunities, not just leads, as well as access to our scheduling services. We believe that non-warranty home services will strengthen our home warranty brands by highlighting the value proposition and convenience of our services.

10

By offering non-warranty home services, we can provide additional services to our existing customers and reach new customers, including those not currently interested in home warranties. We intend to continue to leverage our existing sales channels and service platform to deliver additional value-added services to our non-warranty home services customers. Our product development teams draw upon the experience of our home warranty brands to both create innovative customer solutions for the existing product suite and identify service and category adjacencies. For example, we offer existing home warranty customers pre-season HVAC tune-ups and a lock re-keying service. We also offer add-on warranties, covering items such as home electronics, which we believe add value to our home warranties and result in improved retention rates. Through commercial partners and our scale, we are also able to offer our home warranty customers significant discounts for purchases of new HVAC systems and appliances. Most recently, we have partnered with a manufacturer and insurers to provide installation of water shut-off monitors for non-home warranty customers, which provides another opportunity to strengthen our relationships with contractors and reach potential new customers. We believe these service offerings will lead to higher customer engagement, ultimately leading to stronger customer loyalty and retention.

Delivering Superior Customer Experience. 
We will continue to improve the customer experience by focusing investments on our integrated technology platform, self-service capabilities, business intelligence platforms, customer service operations and contractor management systems to support our business strategy and by continuing to improve our communications related to our products. These targeted investments are expected to result in an enhanced customer experience by providing a more convenient service request and improving contractor efficiencies and engagement. We believe these initiatives will lead to improved retention rates over time, cost-savings and the opportunity to deliver additional services to a broader base of satisfied customers.

Growing Our Supply Network of Independent Contractors. 
We are focused on growing our high-quality nationwide network of qualified professional contractor firms, particularly our base of preferred contractors for home warranty and non-warranty services as our business grows. These firms are in a wide range of trades and possess diverse skills and capabilities. Our contractor relations team utilizes a selective process to choose new contractor firms and continuously monitors their service quality. We are also improving the way in which we do business with our contractors by enhancing contractor relations for improved efficiency, allowing our contractors to better focus on our customers’ experience. We believe growing our contractor base within existing service locations and in new geographies, while maintaining service excellence, will drive further penetration of our home warranties and non-warranty home services and differentiate our product offerings relative to competitors. We believe that increased usage of our preferred contractors leads to higher customer retention rates as well as lower costs.

Continuing Digital Innovation. 
We are continuing to invest in digital innovation to further increase the ease-of-use of our technology platform for our customers, contractors and commercial partners. In recent years, we have developed a robust customer technology platform, which makes it easy for customers to purchase from us, including through the use of digital payments, request service, receive personalized shopping experiences and home maintenance tips, learn about service offerings from our commercial partners, and manage their account from the convenience of a smartphone or other connected device, whether through our website or our apps. Our contractor technology platform makes it easier for contractors to work with us and improves communication between contractors and our customers.

We also leverage our technology platform to utilize video chat capabilities, augmented reality, computer vision and machining learning to offer real time help to homeowners from our experts who may be able to guide homeowners to fix the repair, reducing the need for an in-home visit from a professional. We believe that leveraging our capabilities to offer upfront diagnostics of home repairs will reduce the time required for completion of repairs.

Providing Home Builders and their Customers with High-Quality New Home Structural Warranty Services.
 With the 2-10 HBW Acquisition, we have expanded our offerings to include industry-leading new home structural warranties. This business presents a significant growth opportunity, as we leverage our expertise and resources to strengthen our relationships with home builders and provide valuable protection to owners of new homes. Additionally, homeowners who have access to our new home structural warranties represent a natural entry point for marketing our home warranty plans and non-warranty home services, enabling us to offer comprehensive home protection solutions and increase revenue opportunities.

Pursuing Selective Acquisitions. 
We anticipate that the highly fragmented nature of the home services industry will continue to create strategic opportunities for acquisitions. Historically, we have used acquisitions to grow our customer base in high-growth geographies, and we intend to continue to do so. Most recently, we acquired 2-10 HBW, which provides us more home warranty customers and increased revenue, in addition to opportunities for a new sales channel and a more diversified business portfolio. We have also used acquisitions to enhance our technological capabilities and geographic presence. We may also explore opportunities to make strategic acquisitions that will expand our service offering in the broader home services industry, such as new home structural warranties acquired as part of 2-10 HBW.

11

Sales and Marketing

We market our brands and services to homeowners on a national and local level through various means, including broadcast, digital, marketing partnerships and affiliate relationships and remarketing. We partner with various participants in the residential real estate marketplace, such as real estate brokers and insurance carriers, to market our home warranties. In addition, we sell through our customer service team, mobile-optimized e-commerce platform and national sales teams. We utilize the following customer acquisition channels:

Real estate channel.
 Our home warranty plans have historically been used to provide peace of mind to home buyers by protecting them from large, unanticipated out-of-pocket expenses related to the breakdown of major home systems and appliances during the first year after an existing home purchase. We leverage marketing and information service arrangements and a team of field-based sales associates and leaders who focus on defined geographic areas to train and educate real estate brokers and agents within their territory about the benefits of a home warranty by working directly with real estate offices and participating in broker meetings and national sales events. Those brokers and agents then market our home warranties to home buyers and sellers.

In 2024, we estimate approximately 1.1 million U.S. homes were sold with a home warranty out of the approximately 4.1 million U.S. homes sold. The low home inventory has led to reduced incentive for sellers to offer a home warranty and less time for the attachment of a home warranty during the sale transaction. In 2024, customers in our real estate channel renewed at a rate of 29 percent after the first contract year. Revenue from this channel was $125 million, $141 million and $184 million for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.

Direct-to-consumer channel.
 We have invested significant resources to develop the DTC channel for home warranties to broaden our reach beyond home real estate transactions. Our value proposition resonates with a wide range of homeowners, from those who find security in a plan protecting against expensive and unplanned breakdowns in the home to those seeking convenient services from qualified contractors. This strong value proposition is promoted to our potential customers through marketing partnerships, search engine marketing, content marketing, social media, direct mail, television, radio, print advertisements and telemarketing, and sold through our customer service team and mobile-optimized e-commerce platform. We continue to strategically invest to expand the DTC channel given its high customer retention rates and customer lifetime value.

In 2024, we estimate over four million of the 128 million U.S. households (excluding homes sold) had a home warranty. In 2024, customers in our DTC channel renewed at a rate of 72 percent after the first contract year. Revenue from this channel was $166 million, $194 million and $219 million for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.

Customer renewals.
 For the year ended December 31, 2024, we generated 78 percent of our home warranty revenue through existing customer renewals compared to 77 and 72 percent for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. We have made significant investments in our integrated technology platform, self-service capabilities, business intelligence platforms, customer service operations and contractor management systems, which we believe position us to further improve our customer retention rate.

In 2024, customers in our renewal channel for home warranties renewed at a rate of 79 percent. Revenue from renewals was $1,437 million, $1,367 million and $1,203 million for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.

Across these three channels, in 2024, customers renewed at a rate of 73 percent, and our overall customer retention rate was 78.5 percent, excluding the impact of the 2-10 HBW Acquisition. We calculate the rates at which our customers renew as the ratio of the number of home warranties renewed during the period to the number of home warranties originally set to expire during the period. We calculate our customer retention rate as the ratio of the number of ending home warranties to the sum of the number of beginning home warranties, new home warranty sales and acquired accounts for the applicable period. The rate at which customers renew and customer retention rate are presented on a rolling, 12-month basis in order to avoid seasonal anomalies.

New Home Structural Warranties. 
For our new home structural warranty business, we market and sell through inside sales and regional sales teams focused on understanding the new home construction business and geographical variations, as well as developing and deepening builder relationships. This team maintains relationships with industry associations and realtors to continue to introduce new builders to the benefits of our services. For those builders identified as preferred through volume and quality of workmanship, we seek to enter into multi-year contracts.

Customers, Contractors, Suppliers and Geographies

Customers.
 As our home warranty customers are predominantly owners of single-family residences, our business is not reliant on any single customer. As of December 31, 2024, we had approximately 2.1 million active home warranties. We believe there is opportunity to market our services to a broader customer base seeking differentiated home warranties, non-warranty services and self-help guidance. As of December 31, 2024, we had approximately 19,000 builder customers; no builder represented more than five percent of revenue for the new home structural warranty business.

12

Contractors.
 We have a nationwide network of approximately 17,000 qualified professional contractor firms in a wide range of trades and with diverse skills and capabilities. The qualification process for a contractor includes assessing its online presence and customer reviews, gathering public information about the company, reviewing references from customers and other contractors, and confirming it meets our insurance and licensing standards. In addition, contractors must agree to our service requirements, such as timely appointments and follow-ups with all customers, guaranteed workmanship, professionalism and availability. Our contractors are supported by a designated contractor relations representative who guides them through the process of working with us, from onboarding to the first service call and to continuous monitoring and training.

No contractor accounted for more than five percent of our cost of services rendered in 2024. We classify a subset of our independent contractor network as “preferred,” representing firms that meet our highest quality standards and are our most cost-effective providers. Our preferred contractor network completed 85 percent of our home warranty service requests in 2024. We believe that increased usage of our preferred contractors leads to higher customer retention rates as well as lower costs.

Suppliers.
 We are dependent on a limited number of suppliers for various key components used in our product offerings, and the cost, quality and availability of these components are essential to our services. Direct supplier spend, which excludes purchases made by our contractors, made up approximately 23 percent of our cost of services rendered in 2024, and we have multiple national supplier agreements in place. We have seven national suppliers of parts, appliances and home systems that each account for more than five percent of our supplier spend. We continue to seek to deepen and expand our supplier relationships, improve access to appliances with the highest demand, increase speed of parts acquisition and expand our service provider network.

Geographies.
 A significant percentage of our revenue is concentrated in the western and southern regions of the United States, including California, Florida and Texas. Our new home structural warranty revenue is diversified across the United States, generally tracking states with high growth in new home sales, including states in the southern region of the United States.

Technology

We are continuing to invest in digital innovation to further increase the ease-of-use of our technology platform for our customers, contractors and commercial partners.

Customers.
 We operate a robust customer technology platform, which makes it easy for home warranty customers to purchase from us, request service and manage their account from the convenience of a smartphone or other connected device. Approximately 46 percent of our home warranty DTC sales in 2024 were made online, and more than 50 percent of our total service request volume for home warranties was entered online or through our interactive voice response system. Our customer MyAccount platform had over one million active users at the end of 2024, allowing customers to manage their account, request service, receive home maintenance tips and electronically communicate with a representative online without having to call our customer service team. In certain instances, our technology platform enables homeowners to use their smartphone cameras to engage in a video chat with one of our experts who can remotely see the item that needs attention and capture a variety of important details about the item, potentially helping to reduce the time required for completing repairs and even eliminating the need for a technician to visit the home by offering a simple do-it-yourself solution.

Contractors.
 Our contractor technology platform makes it easier for contractors to work with us and improves communication between contractors and our customers. Our contractor portal had over 19,000 active users at the end of 2024, and our platform sent approximately 1.3 million “On-My-Way” notifications to customers, letting them know their contractor was en route to their home.

Commercial partners.
 For our real estate commercial partners, our realtor technology platform makes it easier for realtors to work with us and, therefore, recommend our product offerings to their clients. Approximately 55 percent of real estate channel orders were placed online in 2024. Our realtor portal had approximately 97,000 active users at the end of 2024, allowing realtors to enter, edit, view and print order confirmations and view and manage expiring orders.

Competition

We compete in the U.S. home warranty category and the broader U.S. home services industry. The home warranty category is highly competitive. While we have a broad range of competitors in each locality and region, we are one of the few companies that provide home warranties nationwide. The broader U.S. home services industry is also highly competitive. We compete against businesses providing non-warranty home services directly and those offering leads to contractors seeking to provide non-warranty home services. The principal methods of competition, and by which we differentiate ourselves from our competitors, are quality and speed of service, contract offerings, brand awareness and reputation, customer satisfaction, pricing and promotions, contractor network and referrals. We believe our nationwide network of qualified professional contractor firms, in combination with our large base of contracted customers, differentiate us from other platforms in the home services industry.

Our new home structural warranty business faces competition from other providers of new home structural warranties and builders that self-insure.

13

Human Capital Management

As of December 31, 2024, we had 2,120 employees, none of whom is represented by a labor union. 2,067 employees were employed in the United States, and 53 employees were employed in India where they provided technology services for our business. We believe our overall relations with our workforce are good. In addition to our employees, we utilize business process outsourcing firms who are independent contractors and handle a range of customer service, administrative and similar tasks for our business. Our corporate website, www.frontdoorhome.com, includes additional information about human capital management at Frontdoor.

Health and Safety.
 We have implemented a virtual-first work environment, resulting in the majority of our employees working remotely with certain teams engaging in travel and in-person meetings on a regular cadence. Our support for employees’ health and safety has expanded to focus on key aspects related to working from home, including support for mental health. We include in new employee onboarding training and tips on health and safety risks at home, such as physical risks from poor home office ergonomics. Our regular internal corporate communications feature virtual working tips, employee highlights, health and safety ideas and business discussions, all of which are designed to keep employees connected and engaged.

Inclusion and Diversity.
 We embrace the diversity in backgrounds, experiences and perspectives of our employees, contractors, customers and other stakeholders. Everyone is valued and appreciated for their distinct contributions to the growth and sustainability of our business. We strive to cultivate a culture and vision that supports and enhances our ability to recruit, develop and retain diverse talent at every level. As of December 31, 2024, our employees have self-identified as 63 percent female, 37 percent male and 42 percent racially/ethnically diverse.

Employee Benefits and Talent Development.
 In 2024, we again engaged in a review and update of our employee benefits and vacation programs to improve our healthcare coverage and provide support for healthcare needs of our employees. We have sponsored mentorship and development programs to support development for our employee population.

Employee Engagement
. We strive to not only give each employee a job, but also a voice. To make sure we hear our employees’ voices when they speak, we seek employee engagement and satisfaction feedback. We actively track and monitor the results of employee surveys in search of trends and opportunities. The surveys inform our human resources strategy so that we can adjust and adapt to our employees’ needs as they change and evolve. Leaders receive team-level dashboards; have the opportunity for supplemental training and support to understand how to review, share and discuss their results with their teams; and take meaningful actions together to continuously improve employee experiences. We also monitor employee turnover.

Seasonality

The demand for our services, and our results of operations, are affected by weather conditions and seasonality. Such seasonality causes our results of operations to vary considerably from quarter to quarter. Accordingly, results for any quarter are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be achieved for the full fiscal year. Extreme temperatures, typically in the winter and summer months, can lead to an increase in home warranty service requests related to home systems, particularly HVAC systems, resulting in higher costs and lower profitability, while mild temperatures in the winter or summer months can lead to lower home systems claim frequency, resulting in lower costs and higher profitability. See “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Key Factors and Trends Affecting Our Results of Operations—Seasonality” in Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information.

Intellectual Property

We hold various service marks, trademarks and trade names, such as Frontdoor, American Home Shield and the Frontdoor, American Home Shield and 2-10 HBW logos, that we deem particularly important to our advertising and marketing activities. We develop the substantial majority of our product and service offerings internally and have extended our product and service offerings and intellectual property through acquisitions of businesses and technologies. We also license intellectual property rights in certain circumstances. We have a number of U.S. patents and pending applications that relate to various aspects of our technology. While we believe that our patents have value, no single patent is essential to us or to any of our principal businesses. Rapid technological advances in cloud, software and hardware development, evolving standards in computer hardware and software technology, changing customer needs and frequent new product introductions, offerings and enhancements characterize the markets in which we compete. We plan to continue to dedicate resources to research and development efforts to maintain and improve our current products and services offerings.

Insurance

We maintain insurance coverage that we believe is appropriate for our business, including workers’ compensation, general liability and property insurance. In addition, following the 2-10 HBW Acquisition, we maintain reinsurance policies to transfer a significant portion of the risk that we assume pursuant to our new home structural warranties. We also provide insurance for our home warranty claims in Texas via our wholly-owned captive insurance company.

14

Regulatory Compliance

We are subject to various federal, state and local laws and regulations, compliance with which increases our operating costs, limits or restricts the services we provide or the methods by which we may offer, sell and fulfill those services or conduct our business, or subjects us to the possibility of regulatory actions or proceedings. Noncompliance with these laws and regulations can subject us to fines, cease and desist orders, loss of licenses or registrations or various forms of civil or criminal prosecution, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

These federal, state and local laws and regulations include laws relating to consumer protection, unfair and/or deceptive trade practices, service contracts, home warranties, home service plans, real estate settlement, wage and hour requirements, contractors, the employment of immigrants, labor relations, licensing, building code requirements, workers’ safety, environmental protection, privacy and data protection, securities, insurance coverages, sales tax collection and remittance, healthcare, employee benefits, marketing (including, without limitation, telemarketing) and advertising. In addition, at the federal level, we are regulated by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, and in certain states, both our home warranty business and the new home structural warranty business are regulated by applicable state insurance regulatory authorities, including but not limited to the California Department of Insurance, District of Columbia department of Insurance, Securities & Banking, the Florida Office of Insurance Regulation, and the Texas Department of Insurance. Our home warranty business may also be regulated by other state regulatory bodies, such as the Virginia Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services and the Texas Department of Licensing and Regulation.

We are subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations designed to protect consumers, including laws governing deceptive trade practices, consumer privacy and fraud, the collection and use of consumer data, telemarketing and other forms of solicitation. The rules adopted by the Federal Communications Commission pursuant to the Telephone Consumer Protection Act and the Telemarketing Sales Rule issued by the Federal Trade Commission govern our telephone sales practices. In addition, some states and local governing bodies have adopted laws and regulations targeted at direct telephone sales, i.e., “do-not-call” regulations. The implementation of these marketing regulations requires us to rely more extensively on other marketing methods and channels. The Federal Trade Commission has also adopted negative option or “click to cancel” regulations that govern the disclosures and consent rights related to automatic renewals of certain subscription or recurring revenue service products, which may affect our auto-renewal processes. If we were to fail to comply with any applicable law or regulation, we could be subject to substantial fines or damages, be involved in lawsuits, enforcement actions and other claims by third parties or governmental authorities, suffer losses to our reputation and our business or suffer the loss of licenses or registrations or incur penalties that may affect how the business is operated, any of which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

Available Information

Our corporate website address is www.frontdoorhome.com. We use our website as a channel of distribution for company information. We will make available free of charge on the Investor section of our website our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. We also make available through our corporate website other reports filed with or furnished to the SEC under the Exchange Act, including our proxy statements and reports filed by officers and directors under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, as well as our Code of Conduct and Financial Code of Ethics. Financial and other material information regarding Frontdoor is routinely posted on our website and is readily accessible. We do not intend for information contained on our website to be part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

15

ITEM 1A
. RISK FACTORS

In addition to the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the exhibits hereto, you should carefully consider the following risk factors in evaluating our business. Our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks. The selected risks described below, however, are not the only risks we face. Additional risks and uncertainties, not currently known to us or those we currently view to be immaterial may also materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. The risk factors generally have been separated into four groups: risks related to our business, risks related to the 2-10 HBW Acquisition, risks related to our common stock and risks related to our significant indebtedness.

The materialization of any risks and uncertainties set forth below or identified in “Cautionary Statement Concerning Forward-Looking Statements” contained in this report and our other filings with the SEC or those that are presently unforeseen could result in significant adverse effects on our financial condition and results of operations. See “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and “Cautionary Statement Concerning Forward-Looking Statements” above.

Risks Related to Our Business

Changing macroeconomic conditions, including inflation, tariffs, global supply chain challenges and changing interest rates, especially as they may affect existing or new home sales, consumer confidence, labor availability or our costs, may adversely impact our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

Our results of operations are dependent upon consumer spending. Changes in general economic conditions and consumer confidence, particularly in our largest regions—California, Florida and Texas—could adversely affect the demand for our services. Consumer spending and confidence tend to decline during times of declining economic conditions. Unfavorable changes in economic conditions, which are typically beyond our control, including without limitation, as a result of weak existing or new home sales, higher home foreclosures, inflation, tariff policies, restriction on imports of components and raw materials applicable to our business, slowing growth, rising interest rates, recession, changes in the political climate, international conflict, supply chain or labor market disruptions, banking or financial market disruptions, declining consumer confidence, rising unemployment rates, pandemics or other global health crises or other adverse changes, could adversely affect consumer spending levels, our costs, reduce demand for our services and adversely impact our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

While the Federal Reserve decreased interest rates in September, November and December of 2024, it held interest rates unchanged in January 2025. The sustained level of higher interest rates has caused buyer apprehension and affordability concerns, resulting in a decrease in home sales in 2022, 2023 and 2024 and has negatively impacted our business. Although the Federal Reserve lowered interest rates in 2024, it has paused this approach to-date in 2025, and the trajectory of current rates remains uncertain. Changing interest rates could continue to affect mortgage rates and negatively impact our business.

We may not successfully implement our business strategies, including achieving our growth objectives.

We may not be able to fully implement our business strategies or realize, in whole or in part within the expected time frames, the anticipated benefits of various new business, growth or other initiatives, including the expected benefits of the 2-10 HBW Acquisition. Our business strategies and initiatives, including increasing and retaining our home warranty customers, delivering superior customer experience, growing our supplier network of independent contractors, leveraging dynamic pricing, expanding our non-warranty revenue, integrating and growing the 2-10 HBW business, leveraging technology for support of our business strategies and pursuing selective acquisitions, including those that complement our existing business and provide cross-selling opportunities for home warranties and our non-warranty services, are subject to significant business, economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond our control. For example, as part of our non-warranty services, we have leveraged our nationwide network of independent contractors in our partnership with Moen to offer installation of their smart water shut-off valve, including where supported by home insurers. The success of this opportunity depends in part on Moen’s marketing of their product and support of this program by home insurers. Operational challenges, delays in product availability, or changes in Moen’s strategic direction, or changes in home insurers' support for installation of water shut-off valves, all of which are beyond our control, could result in delays in achieving our anticipated growth objectives and adversely affect our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

In addition, our financial performance is affected by changes in the services and products we offer to customers. We may incur significant costs to implement our strategies, service and product offerings, which may not succeed in increasing revenue, growing our customer base or growing profitability. For example, in 2024, we incurred significant expense when we relaunched the American Home Shield brand through an updated look and feel. Similarly, in 2023, we launched the Frontdoor app, which required a substantial marketing investment. We cannot provide any assurance that these rebranding initiatives will be effective. An unsuccessful execution of strategies, including the rollout of new, or the adjustment of any existing, services or products or sales and marketing plans, could cause us to reevaluate or change our business strategies and could have a material adverse impact on our reputation, business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

16

We will incur certain costs or may offer certain discounts to achieve efficiency improvements and growth in our business, and we may not meet anticipated implementation timetables or stay within budgeted costs or plans. As these efficiency improvement and growth initiatives are implemented, we may not fully achieve expected cost savings and efficiency improvements or growth rates, or these initiatives could adversely impact customer retention or our operations. Also, our business strategies may change in light of our ability to implement new business initiatives, competitive pressures, economic uncertainties or developments or other factors.

Marketing efforts to increase sales through our real estate and DTC channels may not be successful or cost-effective.

Attracting consumers, professional contractor firms and real estate brokers to our brands and businesses involves considerable expenditures for marketing. We have made, and expect to continue to make, significant expenditures on branding, app and website design, marketing partnerships, search engine marketing, content marketing, social media, direct mail, broadcast, television, radio, print advertisements and telemarketing. These efforts may not be successful or cost-effective. Historically, we have had to increase marketing expenditures over time to attract and retain customers and professional contractors and sustain growth.

With respect to our marketing efforts, we may also include certain discounts or other promotional rates in order to attract and retain customers. These efforts may require increasing amounts or be offered at increasing frequency over time. Certain factors including the nature and type of our services offered, potential and existing customers’ perception of the value of our services, and other macroeconomic factors like general economic conditions and consumer sentiment may impact our efforts. These efforts may not be successful or cost-effective or remain effective over time.

With respect to our online marketing efforts, rapid and frequent changes in the pricing and operating dynamics of search engines, as well as changing policies and guidelines applicable to keyword advertising (which may unilaterally be updated by search engines without advance notice), could adversely affect our paid search engine marketing efforts and free search engine traffic. Such changes could adversely affect paid listings (both their placement and pricing), as well as the ranking of our brands and businesses within paid and organic search results, any or all of which could increase our marketing expenditures (particularly if free traffic is replaced with paid traffic).

In addition, evolving consumer behavior can affect the availability of profitable marketing opportunities. For example, as traditional television viewership declines and media is increasingly consumed through various digital means, the reach of traditional advertising channels is contracting, and the number of digital advertising channels is expanding. To continue to reach and engage with customers and professional contractors and grow in this environment, we will need to identify and devote more of our overall marketing expenditures to newer digital advertising channels (such as social media, online video and other digital platforms), as well as target customers, professional contractors and real estate brokers via these channels. Generally, the opportunities in (and the sophistication of) newer advertising channels are undeveloped and unproven relative to traditional channels, which could make it difficult for us to assess returns on our marketing investment in newer channels. Additionally, as we increasingly depend on newer digital channels for traffic, these efforts will involve challenges and risks similar to those we face in connection with our search engine marketing efforts.

We also enter into various third-party affiliate agreements in an effort to drive traffic to our various brands and businesses. These arrangements are generally more cost-effective than traditional marketing efforts. If we are unable to renew existing and enter into new arrangements of this nature, our sales and marketing as a percentage of revenue could increase.

We cannot provide any assurance that we will be able to continue to appropriately manage our marketing efforts in response to any or all of the events and trends discussed above, and the failure to do so could adversely affect our reputation, business, financial position, results of operations and cash flow.

We depend on our first-year DTC acquisition and real estate channels for a significant percentage of our sales.

Consumer demand for services purchased through our first-year DTC channel can fluctuate and, as such, is subject to changes in macroeconomic conditions, including interest rates and inflation, as well as consumer sentiment about the value of home warranties and our reputation as a home warranty provider. Consumer demand may also be significantly influenced by the success of marketing and promotions by us or by our competitors. If we are unsuccessful in attracting consumers to our home warranties, we could experience a material adverse impact to our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

A significant percentage of our sales are generated through our first-year real estate customer and DTC home warranty acquisition channels, which feed our renewal channel. In our real estate channel, our strategic relationships with top real estate brokers and agents are important to our business because they provide marketing and information services that are useful to our real estate customer acquisition channel. These brokers and agents are independent parties that we do not control, and we cannot guarantee that our strategic partnership arrangements with them will continue at current levels or at all. An inability to maintain these relationships could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

17

Demand for our home warranty services is affected by existing home sales, as our services are frequently purchased in connection with real estate transactions. As a result, in periods when home sales are fast-moving, declining or of low inventory levels, demand for our services may be adversely impacted. In addition, changes in the real estate market could also affect the demand for our services if a reduced number of home buyers elect not to purchase our services, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. Among others, the number of real estate transactions in which our services are purchased could also decrease in the following situations:

•
when mortgage interest rates are high or rise, as they did in recent periods;

•
when the availability of credit, including commercial and residential mortgage funding, is limited; or

•
conversely, when demand for existing homes exceeds supply.

We depend on our renewal channel for a substantial percentage of our sales.

Our third and largest home warranty sales channel is our renewal channel. Sales in this channel are dependent upon the flow of sales from our first-year real estate and DTC channels, as well as our customers’ perceptions of the value of our home warranties, and accordingly, their willingness to renew their plans. Any decrease in sales from period to period in our real estate and DTC channels may have a negative impact on future growth opportunities in our renewal channel. Whether existing customers choose to renew their home warranties is driven by both external factors such as macroeconomic conditions our reputation and actions of our competitors, as well as internal factors such as their experience with our home warranties, including whether they have used their home warranties and their satisfaction with any services we provided, and how they perceive the value of our home warranties in light of the cost of a renewal.

Our industry is highly competitive. Competition could reduce demand for our services and adversely affect our reputation, business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

We operate in a highly competitive industry. Changes in the sources and intensity of competition in the industry in which we operate may impact the demand for our services and may also result in additional pricing pressure. Heightened industry competition could adversely affect our business operations by impacting our contractor selection and purchasing power for parts, appliances and home systems. Regional and local competitors operating in a limited geographic area may have lower labor, employee benefits and overhead costs than us. The principal measures of competition in our business include customer service, brand awareness and reputation, fairness of contract terms, including contract price and coverage scope, contractor network and quality, technical expertise and speed of service. We may be unable to compete successfully against current or future competitors, and the competitive pressures that we face may result in reduced demand for our services, reduced pricing and other adverse impacts to our reputation, business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

Our future success depends on our ability to attract, retain and maintain our network of third-party contractors and vendors and their performance.

Our ability to conduct our operations is in part impacted by reliance on a network of third-party contractors. Our future success and financial performance depend substantially on our ability to attract and retain qualified third-party contractors, and their availability, and ensure third-party contractor compliance with our policies, standards and performance expectations. However, these third-party contractors are independent parties that we do not control, and who own, operate and oversee the daily operations of their individual businesses. If third-party contractors do not successfully operate their businesses in a manner consistent with required laws, standards and regulations, we could be subject to claims from regulators or legal claims for the actions or omissions of such third-party contractors. In addition, our relationship with our third-party contractors could become strained (including resulting in litigation) as we impose new standards or assert more rigorous enforcement practices of our existing standards and performance expectations. When a contractor relationship is terminated, there is a risk that we may not be able to enter into a similar agreement with an alternate contractor in a timely manner or on favorable terms. We could incur costs to transition to other contractors, and these costs could materially adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows. We could also fail to provide service to our customers if we lose contractors that we cannot replace in a timely manner, which could lead to customer complaints and possible claims and litigation. In addition, our third-party contractors interact directly with our customers, and if our third-party contractors do not provide satisfactory services, our retention rate, reputation and business may be adversely affected. In addition, these potential impacts may be exacerbated upon termination of a relationship with a preferred contractor, as approximately 85 percent of our home warranty service requests were completed by our preferred contractor network in 2024.

18

We are also dependent on vendors for parts, appliances and home systems and the ability to rely on the pricing for such goods in the contracts we negotiate with these vendors. In recent years, global supply chain challenges, including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, have led to industry-wide price increases for parts and equipment as well as availability challenges across our trades as demand has outpaced production. If we cannot obtain the parts, appliances or home systems from vendors within our existing stable of vendors to satisfy consumer claims in a timely manner, we may be forced to obtain parts, appliances and home systems from other vendors or through our third-party contractors at higher costs, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, if we cannot obtain appliance parts to satisfy consumer claims in a timely manner, we may be forced to obtain replacement appliances or systems at a higher cost compared to the cost of appliance parts.

Increases in parts, appliance and home system prices and other operating costs could adversely impact our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

Our financial performance may be adversely affected by increases in the level of our operating expenses, such as refrigerants, appliances, equipment, parts, raw materials, wages and salaries, employee benefits, healthcare, contractor costs, costs of repair, self-insurance costs and other insurance premiums, as well as various regulatory compliance costs, all of which may be subject to inflationary and other pressures. For example, in recent years, we have experienced a rapid increase in the cost of parts, appliance and home system costs due to inflation and global supply chain challenges, which, in turn, increased our contract claims costs. Such increase in operating expenses, including contract claims costs, could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

Prices for raw materials, such as steel and fuel, are subject to market volatility. We cannot predict the extent to which we may experience future increases in costs of refrigerants, appliances, equipment, parts, raw materials, wages and salaries, employee benefits, healthcare, contractor costs, self-insurance costs and other insurance premiums, or of various regulatory compliance costs and other operating costs. In recent years, we have adjusted our pricing strategies in response to these rising costs. To the extent our pricing strategies are ineffective, demand for our services may suffer. Moreover, to the extent such costs continue to increase, we may be prevented, in whole or in part, from passing these cost increases through to our existing and prospective customers, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

Changes to U.S. tariff and import/export regulations may increase the costs of parts, appliances and home systems and, in turn, adversely impact our business.

Tariff policies are under continuous review and subject to change. The current U.S. administration has voiced strong concerns about imports from countries that it perceives as engaging in unfair trade practices and could impose import duties or restrictions on components and raw materials that are applicable to our business from countries it perceives as engaging in unfair trade practices. Such duties or restrictions, or the perception that they could occur, may materially and adversely affect our business by increasing our costs or reducing global trade. For example, rising costs due to blanket tariffs on imported steel and aluminum could increase the costs of parts associated with our repair and replacement of home systems and appliances, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. Moreover, new tariffs and changes to U.S. trade policy could prompt retaliation from affected countries, potentially triggering the imposition of tariffs on U.S. goods. Such a “trade war” could lead to general economic downturn or could materially and adversely affect the demand for our services, thus negatively impacting our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

We may not be able to attract and retain qualified key employees, which could adversely impact us and our business and inhibit our ability to operate and grow successfully.

The execution of our business strategy and our financial performance will depend in significant part on our executive management team, home services experts and other key personnel. Our future success will depend in large part on our success in attracting new talent; utilizing current, experienced senior leadership; and smoothly transitioning responsibilities to and implementing the goals and objectives of our management team. Our objectives with respect to integrating and achieving the benefits of the 2-10 HBW Acquisition may be affected by our ability to retain, integrate and motivate employees who have joined from 2-10 HBW. Since the closing of the 2-10 HBW Acquisition, we have lost certain key employees from 2-10 HBW.  Any inability to attract or retain qualified key executives in a timely manner, or retain or recruit other key personnel, could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

19

We are dependent on labor availability in our customer service operations.

Our ability to conduct our operations is in part affected by our ability to scale our labor force, including on a seasonal basis in our customer service operations, which may be adversely affected by a number of factors. While we employ both domestic and overseas third-party customer service resources to help fulfill our service and other obligations, the effectiveness of such resources may be adversely affected by the availability of labor in such markets and the continuing viability of contract relations with such third parties. In the event of a labor shortage affecting our own customer service personnel or our third-party service providers, we could experience difficulty in responding to customer inquiries in a timely fashion or delivering our services in a high-quality or timely manner and could be forced to increase wages to attract and retain employees, which would result in higher operating costs and reduced profitability. Long call and service wait times by customers during peak operating times could have a material adverse impact on our reputation, business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

Our business process outsourcing initiatives increase our reliance on third-party vendors and may expose our business to harm upon the termination or disruption of our third-party vendor relationships.

Our strategy to increase profitability, in part, by reducing our costs of operations includes the implementation of certain business process outsourcing initiatives, including offshore outsourcing of certain aspects of our customer service, administrative and other service operations, some of which are located near regions that have previously been affected by Acts of God, such as earthquakes, wildfires, hurricanes and typhoons, and outsourcing of certain technology development initiatives. Any disruption, termination or substandard performance of these outsourced services, including possible breaches by third-party vendors of their agreements with us, could delay or limit our ability to successfully implement our business strategies and adversely affect our brands, reputation, customer relationships, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. Also, to the extent a third-party vendor relationship is terminated, there is a risk of disputes or litigation and that we may not be able to enter into a similar agreement with an alternate provider in a timely manner or on terms that are acceptable to us or at all. Even if we find an alternate provider, or choose to insource such services, there are significant risks associated with any transitioning activities. In addition, to the extent we decide to terminate outsourcing services and insource such services, there is a risk that we may not have the capabilities to perform these services internally, resulting in a disruption to our business, which could adversely impact our reputation, businesses, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. We could also incur costs, including personnel and equipment costs, to insource previously outsourced services like these, and these costs could adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows.

Furthermore, offshore outsourcing of certain aspects of our customer service operations may induce negative public reaction. Offshore outsourcing has traditionally been a politically sensitive topic in the United States. For example, there are concerns in the United States about a perceived association between outsourcing providers and the loss of jobs in the United States. In response to such concerns, federal legislative measures have been proposed in the past, such as limiting income tax credits for companies that offshore American jobs. In addition, there is ongoing publicity about some negative experiences that companies have had with outsourcing, such as theft and misappropriation of sensitive client data. Such negative perceptions, or amplification of such negative perceptions, that may be associated with using an offshore provider could adversely impact our reputation, businesses, financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

We depend on a limited number of third-party components suppliers. Our reputation, business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows may be harmed if these parties do not perform their obligations, if they suffer interruptions to their own operations, if alternative component sources are unavailable, or if there is an increase in the costs of these components.

We are dependent on a limited number of suppliers for various key components used in the services and products we offer to customers, and the cost, quality and availability of these components are essential to our services. In particular, we have seven national suppliers of parts, appliances and home systems that each account for more than five percent of our supplier spend. We are subject to the risk of shortages, increased costs and long lead times in the supply of these components and other materials, and the risk that our suppliers discontinue or modify, or increase the price of, the components used. If the supply of these components were to be delayed or constrained, or if one or more of our main suppliers were to go out of business, alternative sources or suppliers may not be available on acceptable terms or at all. Further, if there were a shortage of supply, the cost of these components may increase and harm our ability to provide our services on a cost-effective basis. In connection with any supply shortages in the future, reliable and cost-effective replacement sources may not be available on short notice or at all, and this may force us to increase prices and face a corresponding decrease in demand for our services. In the event that any of our suppliers was to discontinue production of our key product components, developing alternate sources of supply for these components would be time consuming, difficult and costly. This would harm our ability to market our services in order to meet market demand and could materially and adversely affect our reputation, business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

20

We have limited control over these parties on which our business depends. If any of these parties fails to perform its obligations on schedule, or breaches or ends its relationship with us, we may be unable to satisfy demand for our services. Delays, product shortages and other problems could impair our distribution and brand image and make it difficult for us to attract new customers. If we experience significantly increased demand, or if we need to replace an existing supplier, we may be unable to supplement or replace such supply capacity on terms that are acceptable to us or at all, which may undermine our ability to deliver our services to customers in a timely and cost-efficient manner. Accordingly, a loss or interruption in the service of any key party could adversely impact our reputation, business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

Disruptions or failures in our technology systems could create liability for us or limit our ability to effectively monitor, operate and control our operations and adversely impact our reputation, business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

Our technology systems facilitate our ability to monitor, operate and control our operations and offer our products and services to customers. Modifications to our technology systems could cause disruption to our operations or cause challenges with respect to compliance with laws, regulations or other applicable standards. As the development and implementation of our technology systems (including our operating systems) continues to evolve, we may elect to modify, replace or abandon certain technology initiatives, which could result in write-downs.

Any disruption in our technology systems, including capacity limitations, instabilities, or failure to operate as expected, could, depending on the magnitude of the problem, adversely impact our business, brands, reputation, customer relationships, financial position, results of operations and cash flows, including by limiting our capacity to monitor, operate and control our operations effectively. Failures of our technology systems could also lead to violations of privacy laws, regulations, trade guidelines or practices related to our customers and associates. If our disaster recovery plans do not work as anticipated, or if the third-party vendors to which we have outsourced certain technology, customer service or other services fail to fulfill their obligations, our operations may be adversely affected, and any of these circumstances could adversely affect our reputation, business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

If we fail to protect the security of personal information about our customers, associates or third parties, we could be subject to interruption of our business operations, private litigation, reputational damage and costly penalties.

We rely on, among other things, commercially available systems, software, tools and monitoring to provide security for processing, transmission and storage of confidential information of customers, associates and third parties, such as payment cards and personal information. The systems currently used for transmission and approval of payment card transactions, and the technology utilized in payment cards themselves, all of which can put payment card data at risk, are central to meeting standards set by the payment card industry (“PCI”). We continue to evaluate and modify these systems and protocols for PCI compliance purposes, and such PCI standards may change from time to time. At our customers’ request, we also use our proprietary technology to capture key information about our customers’ appliances, HVAC and other home systems and may, through video chat sessions, capture additional information related to our customer or their home.

Activities by third parties, or our utilization of advances in computer and software capabilities and other technology, new tools and discoveries, as well as other events or developments may facilitate or result in a compromise or breach of these systems. Any compromises, breaches or errors in applications related to these systems or failures to comply with standards set by the PCI could cause damage to our reputation and interruptions in our operations, including customers’ ability to pay for services and products by credit card or their willingness to purchase our services and products and could result in a violation of applicable laws, regulations, orders, industry standards or agreements and subject us to costs, penalties and liabilities. We are subject to risks caused by data breaches and operational disruptions, particularly through third-party criminal activity including “ransomware” or other malware, cyber-attack or cyber-intrusion, including by computer hackers, foreign governments and cyber terrorists.

These risks include potential damage and disruption from traditional cyber criminals, malicious code (such as viruses and worms), employee theft, misuse, social engineering, denial-of-service attacks, as well as sophisticated nation-state and nation-state-supported actors, including advanced persistent threat intrusions. Any cyber or similar attack or unauthorized access to our software or systems that we experience could damage our technology systems and infrastructures, lead to the loss, compromise or corruption of data, prevent us from providing our services, erode our reputation and those of our various brands, lead to the termination of advantageous contracts, result in inaccurate reporting of financial information, result in the disclosure of confidential consumer and professional contractor information, result in erroneous payments to malicious actors, expose us to significant liabilities for the violation of data privacy laws, result in the disclosure of confidential and sensitive business information or intellectual property, result in claims or litigation against us and/or otherwise be costly to mitigate or remedy. The frequency of data breaches of companies and governments has increased in recent years as the number, intensity and sophistication of attempted attacks and intrusions from around the world have increased. The occurrence of any of these events could have a material adverse impact on our reputation, business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, although we have insurance to mitigate some of these risks, such policies may not cover the particular cyber or similar attack experienced and, even if the risk is covered, such insurance coverage may not be adequate to compensate for related losses.

21

The impact of cybersecurity events experienced by third parties with whom we do business (or upon whom we otherwise rely in connection with our day-to-day operations) could have similar effects on us. Moreover, even cyber or similar attacks that do not directly affect us or third parties with whom we do business may result in a loss of consumer confidence in online and/or technology-reliant businesses generally, which could make consumers and professional contractors less likely to use or continue to use our services. The occurrence of any of these events could adversely affect our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

Data protection legislation is also becoming increasingly common in the United States at both the federal and state level. For example, the State of California enacted the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (the “CCPA”), which became effective on January 1, 2020. The CCPA requires companies that process information of California residents to make disclosures to consumers about their data collection, use and sharing practices, allows consumers to opt out of certain data sharing with third parties and provides a new cause of action for data breaches. Additionally, the California Privacy Rights Act (the “CPRA”), which became effective January 1, 2023, revised and significantly expanded the scope of the CCPA. The CPRA also created a new California data protection agency authorized to implement and enforce the CCPA and the CPRA, which could result in increased privacy and information security enforcement.

Additional U.S. states have passed their own comprehensive consumer privacy laws, some of which went into effect in 2023 and 2024 or will go into effect in 2025, and other states are considering doing so. Additionally, the Federal Trade Commission and many state attorneys general are interpreting federal and state consumer protection laws to impose standards for the online collection, use, dissemination and security of data. The burdens imposed by the CCPA, CPRA and other similar laws that may be enacted at the federal and state level may require us to further modify our data processing practices and policies and to incur substantial expenditures in order to comply.

Laws and government regulations applicable to our business and lawsuits, enforcement actions and other claims by third parties or governmental authorities could increase our legal and regulatory expenses and impact our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

Our business is subject to significant federal, state and local laws and regulations. These laws and regulations include but are not limited to laws relating to consumer protection, unfair and/or deceptive trading practices, service contracts, home warranties, home service plans, real estate settlement, wage and hour requirements, state contractor laws, the employment of immigrants, labor relations, licensing, building code requirements, workers’ safety, environmental, privacy and data protection, securities, insurance coverages, sales tax collection and remittance, healthcare reforms, employee benefits, marketing (including, without limitation, telemarketing) and advertising. In addition, we are regulated by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and in certain states by the applicable state insurance regulatory authority or other state regulatory bodies, such as the Virginia Department of Agriculture and the Texas Department of Licensing and Regulation, with respect to our home warranty business, and by the Department of Insurance for the District of Columbia and other state insurance bodies, with respect to our new home structural warranty business nationwide. Some of these laws and regulations require that we obtain regulatory approval prior to implementing changes in our pricing, contract terms and claims handling processes, which may limit or slow our ability to adjust our business strategies to address evolving challenges or opportunities. Failure to comply with such laws and regulations may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. Additionally, a portion of our business operates as an insurance company, and the IRS or state agencies could deem us to be taxed across our company as such, which could adversely impact the timing of our tax payments.

We are also subject to various federal, state and local laws and regulations designed to protect consumers, including laws governing deceptive trade practices, consumer privacy and fraud, the collection and use of consumer data, telemarketing and other forms of solicitation. From time to time, we have received and we expect that we may continue to receive inquiries or investigative demands from regulatory bodies, including the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and state attorneys general and other state agencies. The telemarketing rules adopted by the Federal Communications Commission pursuant to the Telephone Consumer Protection Act and the Telemarketing Sales Rule issued by the Federal Trade Commission govern our telephone sales practices. In addition, some states and local governing bodies have adopted laws and regulations targeted at direct telephone sales, i.e., “do-not-call” regulations. The implementation of these marketing regulations requires us to rely more extensively on other marketing methods and channels and may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

22

Various federal, state and local governing bodies may propose additional legislation and regulation that may be detrimental to our business or may substantially increase our operating costs, including: increases in the minimum wage; environmental regulations, equipment efficiency standards, certain refrigerant production and use and other environmental matters; healthcare coverage; “do-not-call” or other marketing regulations; or regulations implemented in response to business practices in our industry. It is difficult to predict the future impact of the broad and expanding legislative and regulatory requirements affecting our business, and changes to such requirements may adversely affect our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, if we were to fail to comply with any applicable law or regulation, we could be subject to substantial fines or damages, be involved in lawsuits, enforcement actions and other claims by third parties or governmental authorities, suffer harm to our reputation, suffer the loss of licenses or incur penalties that may affect how our business is operated, any of which, in turn, could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

Weather, including the frequency and intensity of weather conditions, natural disasters and seasonality, as well as related regulations, can affect the demand for our services, our ability to operate and our results of operations and cash flows.

The demand for our services, and our results of operations, are affected by the frequency and intensity of weather conditions and seasonality. Seasonality causes our results of operations to vary considerably from quarter to quarter. Accordingly, results for any quarter are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be achieved for the full fiscal year. Extreme temperatures, typically in the winter and summer months, can lead to an increase in home warranty service requests related to home systems, particularly HVAC systems, resulting in higher costs and lower profitability, while mild temperatures in the winter or summer months can lead to lower home systems claim frequency, resulting in lower costs and higher profitability. For example, favorable weather trends in 2024 as compared to 2023 resulted in a lower number of home warranty service requests per customer, which favorably impacted contract claims costs.

Major weather events and other similar Acts of God, or natural disasters such as typhoons, hurricanes, tornadoes, wildfires or earthquakes, may affect the demand for our services and our results of operations. Such weather events could affect our facilities, or those of our major suppliers or business process outsource providers, which could affect our costs, our ability to meet supply requirements, our ability to provide services and our ability to access our data and other records. Extreme or unpredictable weather conditions could materially adversely impact our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

Nevertheless, while weather variations as described above may affect our business, costs and repairs, major weather events and other similar Acts of God, or natural disasters are typically addressed by homeowners’ and other forms of insurance as opposed to the home warranties that we offer and therefore do not increase our obligations to provide service.

New environmental regulations or interpretations of existing laws may result in enhanced disclosure obligations, which could negatively affect us and materially increase our regulatory burden. Increased regulations generally increase our costs, and we could continue to experience higher costs if new laws require us to spend more time, hire additional personnel or buy new technology to comply effectively. New environmental regulations or guidance, as well as the perspectives of shareholders, employees and other stakeholders regarding these standards, may affect our business activities and operations, or increase disclosure and compliance requirements, which may increase our costs.

Success in our new home structural warranty business depends on our ability to underwrite risks accurately and to charge adequate prices to builder members, as well as our ability to effectively reinsure a large portion of those risks.

Our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows depend on our ability to underwrite and appropriately price the risks of providing new home structural warranties. The role of the pricing function is to ensure that rates are adequate to generate sufficient revenue to pay losses and underwriting expenses and to earn a profit.

We rely on historical loss data for our business, our builder members and the geographies in which they operate, as well as the experience of our underwriting team and engineering experts, to project future warranty claims and expenses, allocate risks to our reinsurers and set the price for new home structural warranties and other services that we provide to our builder members. As a result, our ability to price accurately is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including, without limitation: the availability of sufficient reliable data; uncertainties inherent in estimates and assumptions, generally; our ability to conduct a complete and accurate analysis of available data; our ability to timely predict both the severity and frequency of losses with reasonable accuracy; our ability to predict changes in certain operating expenses with reasonable certainty; our ability to retain builder members for multi-year periods and to predict builder member retention accurately; our ability to attract a sufficient number of builder members to allocate risks and price accurately in the event of homebuilder industry consolidation; unanticipated court decisions, legislation or regulatory action; ongoing changes in our claim settlement practices; and unanticipated increases in the cost of reinsurance or an unwillingness of our reinsurers to continue to provide reinsurance coverage to us at the levels for which we have planned.

23

The realization of such risks may result in our pricing being based on stale, inadequate or inaccurate data or inappropriate analyses, assumptions or methodologies, and may cause us to estimate incorrectly future changes in the frequency or severity of claims. As a result, we could underprice risks, which would negatively affect our margins, or we could overprice risks, which could reduce our volume and competitiveness. In either event, our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows could be materially adversely affected. In addition, underpricing insurance policies over time could erode the capital position of one or more of our insurance subsidiaries, constraining our ability to write new business.

We depend on the availability of reinsurance to manage a substantial portion of our potential loss exposure for our new home structural warranty business.

If reinsurance is unavailable to us at current levels and prices, our ability to write new business may be limited. Market conditions impact the availability and cost of the reinsurance we purchase. Reinsurance may not remain continuously available to us to the same extent and on the same terms and rates as were historically available or is currently available. Our ability to economically justify reinsurance to reduce our risk may depend on our ability to adjust new home structural warranty pricing to fully or partially recover cost. If we cannot maintain our current level of reinsurance or purchase new reinsurance protection in amounts we consider sufficient at acceptable prices, we would have to either accept an increase in our exposure, reduce our insurance exposure or seek other alternatives.

In addition, reinsurance subjects us to counterparty risk and may not be adequate to protect us against losses arising from ceded insurance. Collecting from reinsurers is subject to uncertainty arising from factors that include whether reinsurers, their affiliates or certain indemnitors have the financial capacity and willingness to make payments under the terms of a reinsurance treaty or contract and whether insured losses meet the qualifying conditions of the reinsurance contract. Our inability to recover from a reinsurer could have a material effect on our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

Our business is subject to evolving corporate governance and public disclosure regulations and expectations that could expose us to numerous risks.

We are subject to changing rules and regulations promulgated by a number of governmental and self-regulatory organizations, including the SEC, NASDAQ and FASB. These rules and regulations continue to evolve in scope and complexity and many new requirements have been created in response to laws enacted by Congress, making compliance more difficult and uncertain. In addition, regulators, customers, investors, employees and other stakeholders may focus on corporate governance, environmental and other related matters and disclosures, including expanding mandatory and voluntary requests for additional reporting, diligence and disclosure on such matters. If we are unable to adequately address such matters or we or our contractors, vendors or suppliers fail to comply with all related laws, regulations and policies, it could negatively impact our reputation, operations and our business results.

Evolving governance rules, regulations and stakeholder expectations have resulted in, and may continue to result in, increased general and administrative expenses and increased management time and attention spent complying with or meeting such regulations and expectations. Developing and acting on initiatives within the scope of corporate governance, and collecting, measuring and reporting related information and metrics can be costly, difficult and time consuming and is subject to evolving reporting standards, including, the new California climate disclosure rules, and similar proposals by other federal and state regulatory bodies. If our corporate governance, environmental or other related data, processes or reporting are incomplete, inaccurate or criticized, our reputation, business, financial performance and growth could be adversely affected.

We may not be able to adequately protect our intellectual property and other proprietary rights that are material to our business.

Our ability to compete effectively depends in part on our rights to proprietary information, service marks, trademarks, trade names, and other intellectual property rights we own or license, particularly our brand names, Frontdoor, American Home Shield and 2-10 HBW. We have not sought to register or protect every one of our marks in the United States. If we are unable to protect our proprietary information and intellectual property rights, including brand names, it could cause a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. Litigation may be necessary to enforce our intellectual property rights and protect our proprietary information, or to defend against claims by third parties that our products, services or activities infringe their intellectual property rights.

24

Future acquisitions or other strategic transactions could negatively affect our reputation, business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

Our business strategy includes the pursuit of opportunistic strategic transactions, which could involve acquisitions or dispositions of businesses or assets. For example, in 2024, we acquired 2-10 HBW to access a business opportunity in the new home structural warranty space, complement our existing business and provide cross-selling opportunities for home warranties and our non-warranty services. Any future strategic transaction could involve integration or implementation challenges, business disruption or other risks, or change our business profile significantly. Any inability on our part to consolidate and manage growth from acquired businesses or successfully implement other strategic transactions could have an adverse impact on our reputation, business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. Any acquisition that we make may not provide us with the benefits that were anticipated when entering into such acquisition. The process of integrating an acquired business may create unforeseen difficulties and expenses, including: the diversion of resources needed to integrate new businesses, technologies, products, personnel or systems; the inability to retain employees, customers and suppliers; the assumption of actual or contingent liabilities; failure to effectively and timely adopt and adhere to internal control processes and other policies; write-offs or impairment charges relating to goodwill and other intangible assets; unanticipated liabilities; distraction of senior management from other strategic priorities; and potential expense associated with litigation with sellers of such businesses. Any future disposition transactions could also impact our business and may subject us to various risks, including failure to obtain appropriate value for the disposed businesses and post-closing claims.

We may be required to recognize impairment charges.

We have significant amounts of goodwill and intangible assets, such as trade names. In accordance with applicable accounting standards, goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized and are subject to assessment for impairment on an annual basis, or more frequently if circumstances indicate a potential impairment, including:

•
significant adverse changes in the business climate, including economic or financial conditions; 

•
significant adverse changes in expected operating results; 

•
adverse actions or assessments by regulators; 

•
unanticipated competition; 

•
loss of key personnel; and 

•
a current expectation that it is more likely than not that a reporting unit or intangible asset will be sold or otherwise disposed of. 

Based upon economic and financial market conditions, the operating performance of our reporting units and other factors, including those listed above, we have incurred, and may in the future incur, impairment charges. It is possible that such future impairments, if required, could be material. Any future impairment charges that we are required to record could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. See “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates” in Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information.

Third-party use of our trademarks as keywords in Internet search engine advertising programs may direct potential customers to competitors’ websites, which could harm our reputation and cause us to lose sales.

Competitors and other third parties purchase our trademarks and confusingly similar terms as keywords in Internet search engine advertising programs in order to divert potential customers to their websites. Preventing such unauthorized use is inherently difficult. If we are unable to protect our trademarks from such unauthorized use and curtail the use of confusingly similar terms, competitors and other third parties may drive potential online customers away from our websites to competing and unauthorized websites, which could harm our reputation and cause us to lose sales.

The use of social media by us and other parties could result in damage to our reputation or otherwise adversely affect us.

We increasingly utilize social media to communicate with current and potential customers, contractors, real estate brokers and employees, as well as other individuals interested in us. Information delivered by us, or by third parties about us, via social media can be easily accessed and rapidly disseminated, and any such information that is not deemed appropriate by the public could result in reputational harm, decreased customer loyalty or other issues that could diminish the value of our brand or result in significant liability.

25

Our operations outside the United States are subject to special risks that could adversely affect us.

We derive substantially all of our revenue from customers in the United States; however, certain aspects of our customer service operations and other services are conducted outside the United States by business process outsource providers in Colombia, Ghana, Guyana, Mexico, the Philippines and Trinidad and Tobago, and we have a technology collaboration center in India. Accordingly, developments in those parts of the world generally have a more significant effect on our operations than developments in other places. Our operations outside the United States are also subject to special risks, including: fluctuations in currency values and foreign-currency exchange rates, which may affect our net income and the carrying amount of our assets outside the United States; exchange control regulations; changes in local political or economic conditions; other potentially detrimental domestic and foreign governmental practice or policies affecting U.S. companies operating abroad; difficulties in staffing and managing international political instability, operations; and operational and compliance challenges resulting from distance, language and cultural differences. Acts of God, war, terror acts and pandemics or other public health crises, such as COVID-19, may impair our ability to operate or the ability of our business process outsource providers to operate, in particular countries or regions.

Risks Related to Our Acquisition of 2-10 Home Buyers Warranty

The acquisition may not achieve its intended results.

On December 19, 2024, we completed the 2-10 HBW Acquisition, with the expectation that the acquisition would result in various benefits, including, among other things, accelerating Frontdoor’s growth trajectory, operating synergies, and a strengthened financial profile. Achieving the anticipated benefits of the acquisition is subject to a number of uncertainties, including whether our business and 2-10 HBW are integrated in an efficient and effective manner. Failure to achieve these anticipated benefits could result in increased costs, decreases in the amount of expected revenues generated by the combined company and diversion of management’s attention and energy away from ongoing business concerns, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

Additional risks relating to the 2-10 HBW Acquisition and integration of 2-10 HBW into our business, include, among others, the following:

•
general economic and business conditions; 

•
potential unknown liabilities and unforeseen delays or regulatory conditions associated with the acquisition;

•
our inability to successfully or timely integrate 2-10 HBW in a manner that permits us to achieve the benefits anticipated to result from the acquisition;

•
disruption to our and 2-10 HBW’s business and operations and relationships with service providers, customers, employees and other partners;

•
diversion of significant resources from our core product offerings;

•
our inability to retain the service of key management and other personnel of 2-10 HBW;

•
our inability to effectively diversify and expand into a new line of business and execute on cross-selling opportunities for home warranties and our non-warranty services;

•
our inability to successfully integrate 2-10 HBW into our internal control over financial reporting, which could compromise the integrity of our financial reporting; and

•
greater than anticipated costs related to the integration of 2-10 HBW’s business and operations into ours.

These potential difficulties, some of which are outside of our control, could adversely affect our ability to achieve the anticipated benefits of the acquisition. We cannot guarantee that we will achieve our goals or meet our expectations with respect to the acquisition. The full benefits of the 2-10 HBW Acquisition, including the anticipated financial benefits, synergies and growth opportunities, may not be realized as expected or may not be achieved within the anticipated timeframe, or at all. If our assumptions are inaccurate or we are unable to meet our expectations, our business, financial performance and operating results could be materially and adversely affected. In addition, the market price of our common stock may decline if our assumptions regarding the anticipated benefits of the acquisition are not accurate, or we do not achieve the anticipated benefits of the acquisition as rapidly or to the extent anticipated by financial or industry analysts or at all.

Notwithstanding the due diligence investigation that we performed in connection with our entry into the Purchase Agreement, 2-10 HBW may have liabilities, losses, or other exposures for which we do not have adequate insurance coverage, indemnification, or other protection.

While we performed due diligence on 2-10 HBW prior to our entry into the Purchase Agreement, we were dependent on the accuracy and completeness of statements and disclosures made or actions taken by 2-10 HBW and its representatives during due diligence and during our evaluation of the results of such due diligence. We did not control 2-10 HBW and may be unaware of certain activities of 2-10 HBW before the completion of the acquisition, including those related to other litigation claims or disputes, information security vulnerabilities, violations of laws, policies, rules and regulations, commercial disputes, tax liabilities and other known and unknown liabilities.

26

Following the completion of the 2-10 HBW Acquisition, the liabilities of 2-10 HBW, including contingent liabilities, are now consolidated with the Company’s. If 2-10 HBW has obligations of which we are not aware, our business could be materially and adversely affected. We do not have indemnification rights from the prior owners of 2-10 HBW and instead rely on a limited amount of representation and warranty insurance. Such insurance is subject to exclusions, policy limits and certain other customary terms and conditions. 2-10 HBW may also have other unknown liabilities. If we are responsible for liabilities not covered by insurance, we could suffer severe consequences that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

Financing the 2-10 HBW Acquisition resulted in an increase in our indebtedness, which could adversely affect us, including by decreasing our business flexibility and increasing our interest expense.

We financed a portion of the purchase price and related fees and expenses of the 2-10 HBW Acquisition with incremental borrowings under a senior secured incremental term loan facility under our existing Credit Agreement. This increase in our indebtedness may, among other things, reduce our flexibility to respond to changing business and economic conditions or to fund capital expenditures or working capital needs. In addition, the amount of cash required to pay interest on our increased indebtedness, and thus the demands on our cash resources, have materially increased as a result of the indebtedness to finance the acquisition. For further discussion of risks related to our indebtedness, see “Risk Factors-Risks Related to Our Indebtedness” below.

Risks Related to Our Common Stock

We do not intend to pay cash dividends on our common stock at this point and, consequently, your ability to achieve a return on your investment will depend on appreciation in the price of our common stock.

We currently intend to use our future earnings to develop our business and for working capital needs and general corporate purposes, to fund our growth, to repay debt, and to repurchase shares of our common stock. As a result, we did not pay cash dividends in 2024, and we do not expect to pay any cash dividend for the foreseeable future. All decisions regarding the payment of dividends will be made by our board of directors from time to time in accordance with applicable law. There can be no assurance that we will have sufficient surplus under Delaware law to be able to pay any dividends at any time in the future. An insufficient surplus may result from extraordinary cash expenses, actual expenses exceeding contemplated costs, funding of capital expenditures or increases in reserves. If we do not pay dividends, the price of the shares of our common stock must appreciate for you to receive a gain on your investment. This appreciation may not occur. Further, you may have to sell some or all of your shares of our common stock to generate cash flow from your investment.

Provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and of applicable law may prevent or delay an acquisition of our company, which could decrease the trading price of our common stock.

Our restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws, and Delaware law, contain provisions that are intended to deter coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids by encouraging prospective acquirors to negotiate with our board of directors. These provisions include rules regarding how stockholders may present proposals or nominate directors for election at stockholder meetings and the right of our board of directors to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval. Delaware law also imposes some restrictions on mergers and other business combinations between any holder of 15 percent or more of our outstanding common stock and us.

We believe these provisions protect our stockholders from coercive or otherwise unfair takeover tactics by requiring potential acquirors to negotiate with our board of directors and by providing our board of directors with more time to assess any acquisition proposal. These provisions are not intended to make us immune from takeovers. However, these provisions apply even if the offer may be considered beneficial by some stockholders and could delay or prevent an acquisition that our board of directors determines is not in the best interests of our company and our stockholders. These and other provisions of our restated certificate of incorporation, amended and restated bylaws and the Delaware General Corporation Law, as amended (the “DGCL”), could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or other change in control.

In addition, because we are regulated by state regulators in certain states, we are subject to certain state statutes that generally require any person or entity desiring to acquire direct or indirect control of certain of our subsidiaries obtain prior approval from the applicable regulator. Control is generally presumed to exist under these state laws with the acquisition of 10 percent or more of our outstanding voting securities of either the subsidiary or its controlling parent. Applicable state laws and regulations could delay or impede a change of control.

27

Our certificate of incorporation designates the state courts of the State of Delaware, or, if no state court located in the State of Delaware has jurisdiction, the federal court for the District of Delaware, as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could discourage lawsuits against us and our directors and officers.

Our restated certificate of incorporation provides that, unless the board of directors otherwise determines, the state courts of the State of Delaware, or, if no state court located in the State of Delaware has jurisdiction, the federal court for the District of Delaware, will be the sole and exclusive forum for any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of our company, any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director or officer to our company or our stockholders, creditors or other constituents, any action asserting a claim against us or any director or officer arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or restated bylaws, or any action asserting a claim against us or any director or officer governed by the internal affairs doctrine. This exclusive forum provision may limit the ability of our stockholders to bring a claim in a judicial forum that such stockholders find favorable for disputes with us or our directors or officers, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors and officers. Alternatively, if a court outside of the State of Delaware were to find this exclusive forum provision inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings described above, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

Risks Related to Our Indebtedness

We have significant indebtedness and may incur additional substantial indebtedness, which could adversely affect our financial health and our ability to obtain financing in the future, react to changes in our business and satisfy our obligations.

As of December 31, 2024, we had $1,199 million of total consolidated long-term indebtedness, including the current portion of long-term debt, outstanding, which is all outstanding under our Term Loan Facilities. These amounts include the incremental borrowings used to finance a portion of the 2-10 HBW Acquisition.

As of December 31, 2024, there were $2 million of letters of credit outstanding under our $250 million Revolving Credit Facility, and the available borrowing capacity under the Revolving Credit Facility was $248 million. In addition, we are able to incur additional indebtedness in the future, subject to the limitations contained in the agreements governing our indebtedness. Our significant indebtedness could have important consequences to you. Because of our significant indebtedness:

•
our ability to engage in large acquisitions without raising additional equity or obtaining additional debt financing is limited;

•
our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements or general corporate purposes and our ability to satisfy our obligations with respect to our indebtedness may be impaired in the future;

•
a large portion of our cash flow from operations must be dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the funds available to us for other purposes;

•
we are exposed to the risk of increased interest rates because a portion of our borrowings are or will be at variable rates of interest;

•
it may be more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations to our creditors, resulting in possible defaults on, and acceleration of, such indebtedness;

•
we may be more vulnerable to general adverse economic and industry conditions;

•
we may be at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors with proportionately less indebtedness or with comparable indebtedness on more favorable terms and, as a result, they may be better positioned to withstand economic downturns;

•
our ability to refinance indebtedness may be limited, or the associated costs may increase;

•
our flexibility to adjust to changing market conditions and ability to withstand competitive pressures could be limited; and

•
we may be prevented from carrying out capital spending and restructurings that are necessary or important to our growth strategy and efforts to improve operating margins of our business.

28

Increases in interest rates would increase the cost of servicing our indebtedness and could reduce our profitability.

A significant portion of our outstanding indebtedness, including indebtedness incurred under the Credit Facilities, bears interest at variable rates. As a result, increases in interest rates would increase the cost of servicing our indebtedness and could materially reduce our profitability and cash flows. As of December 31, 2024, each one percentage point change in interest rates would result in an approximately $6 million change in the annual interest expense on the Term Loan Facilities after considering the impact of the effective interest rate swap. Assuming all revolving loans were fully drawn as of December 31, 2024, each one percentage point change in interest rates would result in an approximately $3 million change in annual interest expense on the Revolving Credit Facility. The impact of increases in interest rates could be more significant for us than it would be for some other companies given that our indebtedness obligations are at variable interest rates. As of December 31, 2024, our variable rate indebtedness used the SOFR as a benchmark for establishing the interest rate.

A lowering or withdrawal of the credit ratings, outlook or watch assigned to our indebtedness by rating agencies may increase our future borrowing costs and reduce our access to capital.

Our indebtedness currently has a non‑investment grade rating, and any rating, outlook or watch assigned could be lowered or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency if, in that rating agency’s judgment, current or future circumstances relating to the basis of the rating, outlook or watch, such as adverse changes to our business, so warrant. Any future lowering of our credit ratings, outlook or watch likely would make it more difficult or more expensive for us to obtain additional debt financing.

The agreements and instruments governing our indebtedness contain restrictions and limitations that could significantly impact our ability to operate our business.

The Credit Agreement contains covenants that, among other things, restrict our ability to:

•
incur additional indebtedness (including guarantees of other indebtedness); 

•
create liens; 

•
redeem stock or make other restricted payments, including investments and, in the case of the Revolving Credit Facility, make acquisitions; 

•
prepay, repurchase or amend the terms of certain outstanding indebtedness; 

•
enter into certain types of transactions with affiliates; 

•
transfer or sell assets; 

•
merge, consolidate or sell all or substantially all of our assets; and 

•
enter into agreements restricting dividends or other distributions by our subsidiaries.

The restrictions in the Credit Agreement and the instruments governing our other indebtedness may prevent us from taking actions that we believe would be in the best interest of our business and may make it difficult for us to execute our business strategy successfully or effectively compete with companies that are not similarly restricted. We may also incur future debt obligations that might subject us to additional restrictive covenants that could affect our financial and operational flexibility. We may be unable to refinance our indebtedness, at maturity or otherwise, on terms acceptable to us or at all.

Our ability to comply with the covenants and restrictions contained in the Credit Agreement and the instruments governing our other indebtedness may be affected by economic, financial and industry conditions beyond our control including credit or capital market disruptions. The breach of any of these covenants or restrictions could result in a default that would permit the applicable lenders to declare all amounts outstanding thereunder to be due and payable, together with accrued and unpaid interest. If we are unable to repay indebtedness, lenders having secured obligations, such as the lenders under the Credit Facilities, could proceed against the collateral securing the indebtedness. In any such case, we may be unable to borrow under the Credit Facilities and may not be able to repay the amounts due under such facilities or our other outstanding indebtedness. This could have serious consequences for our financial position, results of operations and cash flows and could cause us to become bankrupt or insolvent.

Our ability to generate the significant amount of cash needed to pay interest and principal on our indebtedness and our ability to refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness or obtain additional financing depends on many factors beyond our control.

We are a holding company, and substantially all of our assets are held by, and our operations are conducted through, our subsidiaries. We depend on our subsidiaries to distribute funds to us so that we may pay obligations and expenses, including satisfying obligations with respect to indebtedness. Our ability to make scheduled payments on, or refinance our obligations under, our indebtedness depends on the financial and operating performance of our subsidiaries and their ability to make distributions and dividends to us, which, in turn, depends on their operating results, cash requirements, financial position and general business conditions and any legal and regulatory restrictions on the payment of dividends to which they may be subject, many of which may be beyond our control.

29

There are regulatory restrictions on the ability of certain of our subsidiaries to transfer funds to us. The payments of ordinary and extraordinary dividends by certain of our subsidiaries (through which we conduct our business) are subject to significant regulatory restrictions under the laws and regulations of the states in which they operate. Among other things, such laws and regulations require certain subsidiaries to maintain minimum capital and net worth requirements and may limit the amount of ordinary and extraordinary dividends and other payments that these subsidiaries can pay to us. As of December 31, 2024, the total net assets subject to these regulatory restrictions was $184 million. We expect that such limitations will be in effect for the foreseeable future. None of our subsidiaries are obligated to make funds available to us through the payment of dividends. If we cannot receive sufficient distributions from our subsidiaries, we may not be able to meet our obligations to fund general corporate expenses or service our debt obligations.

We may be unable to maintain a level of cash flows from operating activities sufficient to permit us to pay the principal and interest on our indebtedness. If our cash flow and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations, we may be forced to reduce or delay capital expenditures, sell assets, seek to obtain additional equity capital or restructure our indebtedness. In the future, our cash flow and capital resources may not be sufficient for payments of interest on and principal of our indebtedness, and such alternative measures may not be successful and may not permit us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations.

If we cannot make scheduled payments on our indebtedness, we will be in default, the lenders under the Credit Facilities could terminate their commitments to loan money, the secured lenders could foreclose against the assets securing their borrowings, and we could be forced into bankruptcy or liquidation.

Despite our indebtedness levels, we and our subsidiaries may be able to incur substantially more indebtedness. This could further exacerbate the risks associated with our significant indebtedness.

We and our subsidiaries may be able to incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future. The Credit Facilities permit additional borrowings beyond the committed amounts under certain circumstances. If new indebtedness is added to our current indebtedness levels, the related risks we face would increase, and we may not be able to meet all of our debt obligations.

We utilize derivative financial instruments to reduce our exposure to market risks from changes in interest rates on our variable-rate indebtedness and are exposed to risks related to counterparty credit worthiness or non-performance of these instruments.

We are exposed to the impact of interest rate changes and manage this exposure through the use of variable-rate and fixed-rate debt and by utilizing an interest rate swap. On October 24, 2018, we entered into an interest rate swap contract effective October 31, 2018 that expires on August 16, 2025 (the “2018 swap”). The notional amount of the agreement is $350 million. On December 19, 2024, in connection with the Amended Credit Facility, we entered into an additional interest rate swap contract, with an initial notional amount of $299 million with additional step up and step down provisions embedded in the contract. The notional amount steps up in August 2025 by $350 million upon the expiration of the 2018 swap. The notional amount steps down over the term of the agreement on a basis that correlates with the scheduled principal payments on the Amended Term Loan Facilities. We entered into these interest rate swap contracts in the normal course of business to manage interest rate risks, with a policy of matching positions. The effect of derivative financial instrument transactions under the agreements could have a material impact on our financial statements. There can be no guarantee that our hedging strategy will be effective, and we may experience credit-related losses in some circumstances.

ITEM 1B. UNRE
SOLVED STAFF COMMENTS

None.

ITEM 1C. CYBERSECUR
ITY
Risk Assessment, Identification and Management Processes
We have implemented a cybersecurity risk management strategy to assess, identify and manage material risks from cybersecurity threats. This strategy is designed to protect our systems, data and operations from potential cyber threats and to ensure the continuity of our business operations.
We conduct regular risk assessments to identify potential cybersecurity threats. These assessments involve evaluating our systems, networks and data for vulnerabilities that could be exploited by cyber threats through, among other things, vulnerability scanning and penetration testing. Once risks are identified, we implement measures to manage and mitigate these risks. This includes updating and patching our systems, implementing security controls and monitoring our networks for suspicious activity. We have a process in place to respond to any identified threats, which includes containment, eradication and recovery measures. We also monitor and update our cybersecurity risk management strategy to respond to the evolving cyber threat landscape. This includes staying abreast of the latest cybersecurity threats and trends and updating our systems and processes accordingly.

30

Integration with Overall Risk Management. 
Our cybersecurity processes are 
integrated
 into our overall enterprise risk management program and business continuity processes. In this regard, we address cybersecurity risks through a comprehensive, cross-functional approach across our technology, legal, compliance, finance and other teams aimed at preserving the confidentiality, security and availability of the information that we collect and store by identifying, preventing and mitigating cybersecurity threats and effectively responding to cybersecurity incidents when they occur. This integration helps ensure that the breadth of potential impacts from cybersecurity risks are considered and that our approach to managing these risks is consistent and coordinated across teams within our business. Through our enterprise risk management program, our cybersecurity risk is regularly evaluated, and we regularly report this assessment of our cybersecurity risk to management and to the audit committee of our board of directors. We also periodically review our cybersecurity risk with our entire board of directors.

Engaging Third Parties in Risk Management.
 We use a combination of internal resources and external assessors, consultants and auditors to conduct our cybersecurity risk assessments and identification. We periodically examine our cybersecurity program with these third parties, evaluating its effectiveness in part by considering industry standards and established frameworks, such as the National Institute of Standards and Technology, as guidelines, along with compliance with our internal cybersecurity controls. We also work with third parties to assess our incident response preparedness and to manage and track our risks.

Overseeing Risks Associated with Third-Party Service Providers. 
We have established a third-party risk management program to evaluate new and existing third-party service providers for their security controls and processes; identify cyber risks associated to the third-party service providers requiring remediation tracking; and continuously monitor the cyber risk posture of third-party service providers.

Where appropriate, our contracts with third-party service providers require agreement and adherence to security and privacy requirements, including: the proper access, use, retention and deletion of data; security awareness training; security incident response and breach notification; our rights to security assessment, testing and audits; compliance with laws and industry standards; and system and services requirements. For example, we require our business process outsourcers, which are providers that support certain customer services operations and other services, to complete security awareness training and payment card industry data security standards training.
Risks from Cybersecurity Threats
As of the date of this report, 
we are not aware of any cybersecurity threats that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our business strategy, results of operations or financial condition
; however, see Item IA. Risk Factors in Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of effects that a cybersecurity threat or incident could have on our business strategy, results of operations or financial condition. We also maintain an incident response plan to respond to any cybersecurity incident. This plan outlines the steps we will take to respond to an incident, including identifying and containing the incident, eradicating the threat, recovering our systems and communicating with relevant stakeholders.

Board of Directors Oversight of Cybersecurity Risk
Our board of directors is responsible for oversight of our enterprise risk management program, which incorporates cybersecurity risk. The audit committee undertakes primary responsibility for assisting the board of directors in overseeing cybersecurity risk, including policies and procedures for assessing, managing and responding to cybersecurity risk. The audit committee meets with appropriate members of our management team at least quarterly—and third-party assessors, consultants and auditors as needed—to review and discuss cybersecurity risk.
The full board of directors receives quarterly updates from the audit committee on its oversight of cybersecurity risk and engages in further review for the full board of directors from time to time as appropriate.
Management’s Role in Assessing and Managing Material Risks
Our technology team, and particularly our information security team, is 
actively involved in the development and implementation of policies and tools to assess risk and identify emergent risks, with cross-functional support from enterprise risk management, legal, compliance and finance, among other teams. We have established governance structures to increase the maturity of our cybersecurity program with a governance, risk and compliance approach. This includes the identification of internal weaknesses and the mitigation of information technology risks through training programs or new policies and internal controls.
Management is also responsible for the testing of the overall security posture and the documentation of risk management and security for regulatory examinations and for regular review of security and privacy requirements. In addition to our internal cybersecurity team, our company has retained a third-party security firm to aid in the identification, containment, eradication and recovery of systems, data or both in the event of a material security incident.

31

Risk Management Personnel.

Among management, our Chief Information Security Officer (“CISO”), together with our Chief Operating Officer (“COO”), is 
responsible
 for leading efforts to assess and manage cybersecurity risks.

Our CISO has over 20 years of experience assessing and managing cybersecurity risk, including leading information security teams at complex web-based businesses, and has a Master’s degree in Computer Information Systems and multiple professional and cybersecurity certifications, including CISM, CDPSE, CIPM, CIPT, and PMP. Our COO oversees, among other things, our company’s technology strategy and architecture and the integration and delivery of technology into our operations and service offerings. Our COO has over 10 years of experience supervising teams in implementations of key internal- and external-facing technology systems. Prior to joining the Company, our COO worked at a multinational public technology company and led teams in solving operations problems with technology. Our COO has a Bachelor’s degree in Chemical Engineering, a Master's degree in Business Administration and a Juris Doctorate.
Monitoring Cybersecurity Incidents. 
On a daily basis, our information security team monitors, identifies and classifies potential cybersecurity events and is responsible for notifying the COO and CISO of such events as appropriate based on risk to our organization. Our COO and CISO are responsible for notifying executive leadership, other functional teams and our audit committee, as appropriate.
Reporting to the Board of Directors.

Our COO and CISO report to the audit committee at least quarterly about the detection, prevention, mitigation and remediation of cybersecurity events, including information about the latest cybersecurity threats, the status of our prevention and detection measures and the effectiveness of our mitigation and remediation efforts, as well as any other cybersecurity risk management activities and the progress of related projects.
 These briefings include updates on the formalized incident response plan, communications and escalation procedures. Management will apprise the board of directors of cybersecurity incidents deemed to have a moderate or higher business impact, even if immaterial to us.

ITEM 2. PROPERT
IES

Our corporate headquarters is located in Memphis, Tennessee, in a leased facility. We also lease a collaboration center located in Scottsdale, Arizona and a technology collaboration center in Pune, India. As part of the 2-10 HBW Acquisition, we acquired 2-10 HBW's corporate office in Aurora, Colorado. We believe these facilities are suitable and adequate to support the needs of our business. We also continue to lease certain office space in Memphis, Tennessee, which previously served as our corporate headquarters, and this office space is now subleased.