Item 3.

Legal Proceedings

59

Item 4.

Mine Safety Disclosures

59

PART II

Item 5.

Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

60

Item 6.

[Reserved]

60

Item 7.

Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

61

Item 7A.

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

69

Item 8.

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

70

Item 9.

Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure

70

Item 9A.

Controls and Procedures

70

Item 9B.

Other Information

73

Item 9C

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections

73

PART III

Item 10.

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance

74

Item 11.

Executive Compensation

74

Item 12.

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters

74

Item 13.

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence

74

Item 14.

Principal Accounting Fees and Services

74

PART IV

Item 15.

Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules

75

Item 16.

Form 10-K Summary

77

i

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains “forward-looking statements” as defined in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, in connection with the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 that involve risks and uncertainties, as well as assumptions that, if they never materialize or prove incorrect, could cause our results to differ materially and adversely from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements include estimates of our expenses, future revenue, capital requirements and our needs for additional financing; statements regarding our ability to develop, acquire and advance drug candidates into, and successfully complete, clinical trials and preclinical studies; statements concerning new product candidates; risks and uncertainties associated with our research and development activities, including our clinical trials and preclinical studies; our expectations regarding the potential market size and the size of the patient populations for our drug candidates, if approved for commercial use, and our ability to serve such markets; statements regarding our ability to maintain and establish collaborations or obtain additional funding; statements regarding developments and projections relating to our competitors and our industry and other matters that do not relate strictly to historical facts or statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. These statements are often identified by the use of words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “continue,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” “may” or “will,” the negative versions of these terms and similar expressions or variations. These statements are based on the beliefs and assumptions of our management based on information currently available to management. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results and the timing of certain events to differ materially and adversely from future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those identified below, and those discussed in the section titled “Risk Factors” included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our other Securities and Exchange Commission filings. Furthermore, such forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of such statement.

Throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K, unless the context otherwise requires, the terms “Viking,” “we,” “us” and “our” in this Annual Report on Form 10-K refer to Viking Therapeutics, Inc. and its subsidiaries.

PA
RT I

Item 1. Busi
ness.

Overview

We are a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of novel, first-in-class or best-in-class therapies for metabolic and endocrine disorders.

In January 2022, we announced the initiation of a Phase 1 single ascending dose, or SAD, and multiple ascending dose, or MAD, clinical trial of VK2735, a novel dual agonist of the glucagon-like peptide 1, or GLP-1, and glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide, or GIP, receptors. VK2735 is being developed in both oral and subcutaneous formulations for the potential treatment of various metabolic disorders such as obesity.

On March 28, 2023, we announced the completion of the Phase 1 trial. The study was a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, SAD and MAD study in healthy adults. The primary objectives of the study included evaluation of the safety and tolerability of single and multiple doses of VK2735 delivered subcutaneously and the identification of VK2735 doses suitable for further clinical development. Study investigators also evaluated the pharmacokinetics of single and multiple doses of VK2735. Based upon the results from this Phase 1 study, in September 2023, we initiated the VENTURE study, a Phase 2 clinical trial of VK2735 in patients with obesity.

The Phase 2 VENTURE study was a randomized, double-blind placebo-controlled study to evaluate the safety, tolerability, pharmacokinetics and weight loss efficacy of VK2735, administered subcutaneously, once weekly. The 13-week study enrolled adults who were obese (BMI >= 30 kg/m2) or adults who were overweight (BMI >= 27kg/m2) with at least one weight-related co-morbidity condition. The primary endpoint of the study was the percent change in body weight from baseline to week 13, with secondary and exploratory endpoints evaluating a range of additional safety and efficacy measures. In October 2023, we announced completion of patient enrollment in the Phase 2 VENTURE study and on February 27, 2024, we announced that patients receiving weekly doses of VK2735 demonstrated statistically significant reductions in mean body weight after 13 weeks, ranging up to 14.7% from baseline. Patients receiving VK2735 also demonstrated statistically significant reductions in mean body weight relative to placebo, ranging up to 13.1%. Based on written feedback received from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or the FDA, we expect to initiate Phase 3 clinical studies of the subcutaneous formulation of VK2735 in the first half of 2025.

1

On March 28, 2023, we announced the initiation of a Phase 1 clinical study to evaluate a novel oral formulation of VK2735. The study, which was an extension of our recently completed Phase 1 evaluation of subcutaneously administered VK2735, evaluated daily oral doses for 28 days. On March 26, 2024, we announced that the 28-day MAD study results highlighted positive signs of clinical activity following treatment with oral VK2735. Cohorts receiving VK2735 demonstrated dose-dependent reductions in mean body weight from baseline, ranging up to approximately 5.3%.

On January 8, 2025, we announced the initiation of a Phase 2 clinical trial of the oral tablet formulation of VK2735. We expect to complete this study and report initial results in the second half of 2025. VK2375 is being developed in both oral and subcutaneous formulations for the potential treatment of various metabolic disorders such as obesity.

We are also developing VK2809, which is an orally available, tissue and receptor-subtype selective agonist of the thyroid hormone receptor beta, or TRß. In November 2019, we initiated the VOYAGE study, a Phase 2b clinical trial of VK2809 in patients with biopsy-confirmed non-alcoholic steatohepatitis, or NASH, or metabolic dysfunction-associated steatohepatitis, or MASH.

The VOYAGE study was a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, multicenter trial designed to assess the efficacy, safety and tolerability of VK2809 in patients with biopsy-confirmed NASH/MASH and fibrosis ranging from stages F1 to F3. The primary endpoint of the study evaluated the relative change in liver fat content, as assessed by magnetic resonance imaging, proton density fat fraction, or MRI-PDFF, from baseline to week 12 in subjects treated with VK2809 as compared to placebo. Secondary objectives included evaluation of histologic changes assessed by hepatic biopsy after 52 weeks of dosing.

In January 2023, we announced completion of patient enrollment in the VOYAGE study and in May 2023 we reported that the VOYAGE study successfully achieved its primary endpoint, with patients receiving VK2809 experiencing statistically significant reductions in liver fat content from baseline to Week 12 as compared to placebo.

In June 2024, we announced positive 52-week histologic data from the VOYAGE study with up to 75% of patients treated with VK2809 achieving NASH/MASH resolution with no worsening of fibrosis as compared to 29% for placebo (p=0.0001), up to 57% of VK2809-treated patients achieving ≥1-stage improvement in fibrosis with no worsening of NASH/MASH as compared to 34% for placebo (p<0.05) and up to 48% of VK2809-treated patients achieving both resolution of NASH/MASH and a ≥1-stage improvement in fibrosis as compared to 20% for placebo (p=0.01). Adverse events, including GI-related adverse events, were similar among VK2809-treated patients vs. placebo at week 52 and consistent with prior data reported at week 12. VK2809 has been evaluated in eight completed clinical studies, which enrolled more than 400 subjects.

We are also developing VK0214, which is also an orally available, tissue and receptor-subtype selective agonist of TRß for X-linked adrenoleukodystrophy, or X-ALD, a rare X-linked, inherited neurological disorder characterized by a breakdown in the protective barriers surrounding brain and nerve cells. The disease, for which there is no approved treatment, is caused by mutations in a peroxisomal transporter of very long chain fatty acids, or VLCFA, known as ABCD1. As a result, transporter function is impaired and patients are unable to efficiently metabolize VLCFA. The TRß receptor is known to regulate expression of an alternative VLCFA transporter, known as ABCD2. Various preclinical models have demonstrated that increased expression of ABCD2 can lead to normalization of VLCFA metabolism. Preliminary data suggest that VK0214 stimulates ABCD2 expression in an in vitro model and reduces VLCFA levels in an in vivo model of X-ALD.

In June 2021, we initiated a Phase 1b clinical trial of VK0214 in patients with X-ALD. This trial was a multi-center, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study in adult male patients with the adrenomyeloneuropathy, or AMN, form of X-ALD. The study enrolled patients across three cohorts: placebo, VK0214 20 mg daily, and VK0214 40 mg daily.

The primary objectives of the study were to evaluate the safety and tolerability of VK0214 administered once-daily over a 28-day dosing period. Secondary objectives included an evaluation of the pharmacokinetics of VK0214 following 28 days of dosing in this population. An exploratory objective was to evaluate the effects of VK0214 on plasma levels of very long-chain fatty acids, or VLCFAs, in subjects with AMN. In October 2024, we announced results from the Phase 1b clinical trial, which showed VK0214 to be safe and well-tolerated following once-daily dosing over the 28-day study period. In addition, significant reductions were observed in plasma levels of VLCFAs and other lipids, as compared to placebo. Our intent is to pursue partnering or licensing opportunities for VK0214 prior to conducting additional clinical studies.

Other clinical programs include VK5211, an orally available, non-steroidal selective androgen receptor modulator, or SARM. In November 2017, we announced positive top-line results from a Phase 2 proof-of-concept clinical trial in 108 patients recovering from non-elective hip fracture surgery. Top-line data showed that the trial achieved its primary endpoint, demonstrating statistically

2

significant, dose dependent increases in lean body mass, less head, following treatment with VK5211 as compared to placebo. The study also achieved certain secondary endpoints, demonstrating statistically significant increases in appendicular lean body mass and total lean body mass for all doses of VK5211, compared to placebo. VK5211 demonstrated encouraging safety and tolerability in this study, with no drug-related SAEs reported. Our intent is to continue to pursue partnering or licensing opportunities for VK5211 prior to conducting additional clinical studies.

Our Development Pipeline

The following table highlights our current development pipeline:

Key: TRß, thyroid receptor beta; NASH/MASH; GLP-1, glucagon-like peptide 1, GIP, glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide; X-ALD, X-linked adrenoleukodystrophy.

We also have a preclinical program focused on developing dual amylin and calcitonin receptor agonists, or DACRA, for the potential treatment of obesity.

VK2735

Activation of the GLP-1 receptor has been shown to decrease glucose, reduce appetite, lower body weight and improve insulin sensitivity in patients with type 2 diabetes, obesity, or both. More recently, research efforts have explored the potential co-activation of the GIP receptor as a means of enhancing the therapeutic benefits of GLP-1 receptor activation. VK2735 is a dual agonist of the GLP-1 and GIP receptors that we are developing for the potential treatment for various metabolic disorders. VK2375 is being developed in both subcutaneous and oral formulations for the potential treatment of various metabolic disorders such as obesity.

VK2735 Subcutaneous

Based upon the results of the Phase 2 VENTURE study and the previous Phase 1 subcutaneous study, we are currently preparing for the initiation of Phase 3 clinical studies for VK2735 subcutaneous in the first half of 2025.

Phase 2 Clinical Data for VK2735 Subcutaneous

In September 2023, we initiated the VENTURE study, a Phase 2 clinical trial of VK2735 in patients with obesity. The Phase 2 VENTURE study was a randomized, double-blind placebo-controlled study that evaluated the safety, tolerability, pharmacokinetics and weight loss efficacy of VK2735, administered subcutaneously, once weekly. The 13-week study enrolled adults who were obese (BMI >= 30 kg/m2), or adults who were overweight (BMI >= 27kg/m2) with at least one weight-related co-morbidity condition. The primary endpoint of the study was the percent change in body weight from baseline to week 13, with secondary and exploratory endpoints evaluating a range of additional safety and efficacy measures. In October 2023, we announced completion of patient enrollment and in February 2024 we reported that the Phase 2 VENTURE study successfully achieved its primary endpoint and all secondary endpoints, with patients receiving VK2735 demonstrating statistically significant reductions in body weight compared with placebo.  Additionally, the study showed VK2735 treatment to be safe and well tolerated with the majority of treatment emergent adverse events, or TEAEs, being categorized as mild or moderate.

Body Weight Reductions

3

Patients receiving weekly doses of VK2735 demonstrated statistically significant reductions in mean body weight after 13 weeks, ranging up to 14.7% from baseline. Patients receiving VK2735 also demonstrated statistically significant reductions in mean body weight relative to placebo, ranging up to 13.1%. Statistically significant differences compared to both baseline and placebo were observed for all doses starting at week one and continuing throughout the 13-week treatment period. Reductions in body weight were progressive through the course of the study, with no plateau observed for weight loss at 13 weeks. All doses of VK2735 also demonstrated statistically significant differences relative to placebo on the key secondary endpoint assessing the proportion of patients demonstrating at least 10% weight loss.  Up to 88% of patients in VK2735 treatment groups achieved ≥10% weight loss, compared with 4% for placebo.

Safety and Tolerability

VK2735 demonstrated encouraging safety and tolerability following 13 weeks of once-weekly dosing. Discontinuation rates in the VENTURE study were low and well-balanced among patients treated with VK2735 compared with placebo. A total of 23 patients (13%) discontinued treatment in the study, 5 (14%) in the placebo cohort and 18 (13%) among VK2735-treated cohorts.

Among patients receiving VK2735, the majority (92%) reported drug related TEAEs as mild or moderate in severity. The majority of TEAEs that were gastrointestinal, or GI, in nature (95%) were also reported as mild or moderate. Nausea was reported among patients receiving both VK2735 (43%) and placebo (20%). Among subjects receiving VK2735, the majority of reported nausea (68%) was characterized as mild (32% moderate, none severe). Vomiting was reported in 25/140 (18%) VK2735-treated patients compared with none reported among patients receiving placebo. GI-related adverse events were generally observed early in treatment, with decreasing frequency upon repeat dosing. Across the combined VENTURE study arms, the weekly rate of nausea did not exceed 5% at any point after the first week of treatment. One patient receiving VK2735 experienced an SAE of dehydration that was characterized as related to study drug.

Phase 1 Clinical Data for VK2735 Subcutaneous

In January 2022, we announced the initiation of a Phase 1 SAD and MAD clinical trial of VK2735. The Phase 1 trial was a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled SAD and MAD study in healthy adults. The SAD portion of the study evaluated VK2735 in healthy adults, while the MAD portion of the study enrolled healthy adults with a minimum body mass index of 30 kilograms per meter squared. The primary objectives of the study were to evaluate the safety and tolerability of single and multiple doses of VK2735 administered subcutaneously and identify suitable doses for further clinical development. The secondary objective was to evaluate the pharmacokinetics of VK2735 in healthy subjects. The SAD portion of the study evaluated escalating single doses of VK2735. In the MAD portion of the study subjects received VK2735 once weekly for 28 days.

In March 2023, we announced the completion of the Phase 1 trial and the related results from this Phase 1 study.

In the SAD portion of the study, VK2735 demonstrated promising safety and tolerability, as well as a predictable pharmacokinetic profile. Following single subcutaneous doses, VK2735 demonstrated a half-life of approximately 170 to 250 hours, a Tmax (time to reach maximum plasma concentration) ranging from approximately 75 to 90 hours, and excellent therapeutic exposures.

In the 28-day MAD portion of the study, VK2735 demonstrated encouraging tolerability and positive signs of clinical activity. All cohorts receiving VK2735 demonstrated reductions in mean body weight from baseline, ranging up to 7.8%. Cohorts receiving VK2735 also demonstrated reductions in mean body weight relative to placebo, ranging up to 6.0%. Statistically significant differences compared to placebo were maintained or improved at the day 43 follow-up time point, 21 days after the last dose of VK2735 was administered.

VK2735 demonstrated encouraging safety and tolerability following repeated dosing. The majority of observed adverse events (98%) were reported as mild or moderate. The majority of GI related adverse events (99%) were also reported as mild or moderate. One SAE was reported in a subject receiving VK2735. A subject with a history of cholelithiasis (gallstones) experienced an SAE of acute choledocholithiasis (gallstone obstruction). Nausea was reported among subjects receiving both VK2735 (58%) and placebo (50%). Among subjects receiving VK2735, the majority of reported nausea (89%) was characterized as mild (11% moderate). Vomiting was reported in 6/31 (19%) VK2735 treated subjects and 1/10 (10%) subjects receiving placebo. No subjects were discontinued for nausea, vomiting or GI adverse events. Despite robust activation of the incretin receptor pathways, no hypoglycemia was reported.

4

VK2735 Oral

Based upon the positive Phase 1 oral results from the 28-day MAD study summarized below, in January 2025, we announced initiation of a Phase 2 VENTURE-Oral Dosing Trial of VK2735 tablet formulation in patients with obesity. The Phase 2 VENTURE-Oral Dosing Trial is a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled multicenter study designed to evaluate the safety, tolerability, pharmacokinetics and weight loss efficacy of VK2735 dosed as an oral tablet once daily for 13 weeks. The trial will enroll approximately 280 adults who are obese (BMI ≥30 kg/m2), or adults who are overweight (BMI ≥27 kg/m2) with at least one weight-related co-morbid condition. Patients will be evenly randomized to one of six dosing arms or placebo. The primary endpoint of the study is the percent change in body weight from baseline after 13 weeks of treatment. Secondary and exploratory endpoints will evaluate a range of additional safety and efficacy measures. We expect to complete this study and report initial results  in the second half of 2025.

We previously reported positive results from the 28-day Phase 1 MAD clinical trial of the tablet formulation of VK2735 in healthy volunteers with a BMI ≥30. Cohorts receiving VK2735 demonstrated dose-dependent reductions in mean body weight from baseline, ranging up to 8.2%.  Cohorts receiving VK2735 also demonstrated reductions in mean body weight relative to placebo, ranging up to 6.8%.  Persistent weight loss effects were observed at follow-up visits through day 57, ranging up to 8.3% from baseline, four weeks after the last dose of VK2735 was administered.  An exploratory assessment of the proportion of subjects achieving at least 5% weight loss after 28 days demonstrated that up to 100% of VK2735-treated subjects achieved ≥5% weight loss, compared with 0% for placebo.

Oral VK2735 continued to demonstrate encouraging safety and tolerability following 28 days of once-daily dosing at doses up to and including 100 mg.  The majority (99%) of TEAEs reported to date have been mild or moderate, with the majority (90%) reported as mild.  Similarly, all observed GI adverse events have been reported as mild or moderate, with the majority (84%) reported as mild.  Mild nausea was reported in 23 (32%) VK2735-treated subjects compared with 11% among placebo subjects.  No moderate or severe nausea was reported.  Vomiting was reported in three (4%) VK2735-treated subjects.  Diarrhea was reported in five subjects (7%) receiving VK2735 compared with four subjects (21%) receiving placebo.

An exploratory cohort of subjects was also evaluated to assess changes to dose regimen.  Subjects in this cohort were titrated to 80 mg daily doses and subsequently transitioned to a lower exposure regimen (80 mg QoD) from Day 15 – 28.  Despite reduction in VK2735 exposure, significant reductions in body weight were observed, with subjects reporting mean body weight change of -4.0% from baseline at Day 28 (p<0.0001).  Weight loss trajectory from Day 15 to Day 28 in this cohort was similar to that observed in the cohort of subjects receiving 80 mg daily doses and may suggest the potential for lower dose maintenance regimens.

Novel Selective TRß Agonists for Metabolic Disorders and Adrenoleukodystrophy

Summary Overview

VK2809 and VK0214 are novel, orally available, selective TRß agonists in development for metabolic disorders and X-ALD. Thyroid hormone receptors are found in various tissues throughout the body. TRß is the major receptor isoform expressed in the liver and thyroid hormone receptor alpha, or TR

 is the major isoform expressed in the heart. The unique properties of our TRß agonists are designed to reduce or eliminate the deleterious effects of extra-hepatic thyroid receptor activation. In particular, high tissue and TRß selectivity may lead to reduced activity at the TR

 receptor, which can be associated with increased respiration and cardiac tissue hypertrophy. Selective activation of the TRß receptor in liver tissue is believed to favorably affect cholesterol and lipoprotein levels via multiple mechanisms, including increasing the expression of low-density lipoprotein receptors and increasing mitochondrial fatty acid oxidation. These characteristics in turn lead to reductions of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, or LDL-C, plasma and liver triglycerides. In addition, our chemical structures are not substrates for certain transporters involved in the uptake of thyroid hormone. Various animal models have shown that our molecules, as a result of their unique profiles, may have reduced cardiovascular effects versus thyroid hormone and other thyromimetics. As a result of these characteristics, we believe our selective TRß agonists are capable of eliciting a unique lipid lowering profile without eliciting unwanted effects on the heart and thyroid hormone axis.

VK2809 in NASH/MASH

In November 2019, we initiated the VOYAGE study, a Phase 2b clinical trial of VK2809 in patients with biopsy-confirmed NASH/MASH.

The VOYAGE study was a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, multicenter trial designed to assess the efficacy, safety and tolerability of VK2809 in patients with biopsy-confirmed NASH/MASH and fibrosis ranging from stages F1 to F3. The study targeted enrollment of approximately 340 patients across five treatment arms. The primary endpoint of the study evaluated the relative change in liver fat content, as assessed by MRI-PDFF, from baseline to week 12 in subjects treated with VK2809 as compared to placebo. Secondary objectives included evaluation of histologic changes assessed by hepatic biopsy after 52 weeks of dosing.

5

In January 2023, we announced completion of patient enrollment in the VOYAGE study and in May 2023 we reported that patients receiving VK2809 demonstrated statistically significant reductions in liver fat at week 12, which was the primary endpoint in VOYAGE.  Importantly, patients receiving VK2809 continued to demonstrate statistically significant reductions in liver fat content at week 52, with the mean relative change from baseline ranging from 37% to 55%.  The response rate in this study, defined as the proportion of patients experiencing reduction in liver fat ≥30%, ranged from 64% to 88%, with all treatment arms demonstrating statistically significant improvement compared to placebo.

In June 2024, we announced positive 52-week histologic data from the VOYAGE study. On the secondary endpoint of NASH/MASH resolution with no worsening of fibrosis, VK2809-treated patients demonstrated NASH/MASH resolution ranging from 63% to 75%, compared with 29% for placebo (p<0.05 for each VK2809 treatment group).  Across the combined VK2809 treatment groups, 69% achieved NASH/MASH resolution (p<0.0001 vs. placebo). Resolution of NASH/MASH was defined as a non-alcoholic fatty liver disease activity score, or NAS, of 0 or 1 for inflammation and 0 for ballooning.

On the secondary endpoint evaluating improvement in fibrosis with no worsening of NASH/MASH, VK2809-treated patients demonstrated improvement in fibrosis ranging from 44% to 57%, compared with 34% for placebo (p<0.05 for the 5 mg and 10 mg QOD cohorts).  Across the combined VK2809 treatment groups, 51% achieved improvement in fibrosis with no worsening of NASH/MASH (p=0.03 vs. placebo).  Improvement in fibrosis without worsening of NASH/MASH was defined as a ≥1-stage improvement in fibrosis and no increase in NAS for ballooning, inflammation, or steatosis.

On the secondary endpoint evaluating the proportion of patients experiencing both resolution of NASH/MASH and improvement in fibrosis, VK2809-treated patients demonstrated improvement ranging from 40% to 50%, compared with 20% for placebo (p<0.05 for the 5 mg and 10 mg QOD cohorts). Across the combined VK2809 treatment groups, 44% achieved this endpoint (p=0.003 vs. placebo).  Resolution of NASH/MASH and improvement in fibrosis were defined as described above.

Study results were consistent under various sensitivity analyses. A more conservative sensitivity analysis, which categorized subjects with missing data as non-responders, produced similar statistical outcomes. These analyses demonstrate the robustness of the efficacy signal observed in this study.

VK2809 in NAFLD

In September 2018, we announced top-line results from our 12-week, Phase 2 clinical trial of our lead clinical program’s drug candidate, VK2809, in patients with NAFLD and elevated LDL-C. The study successfully achieved its primary endpoint, with patients receiving VK2809 demonstrating statistically significant reductions in LDL-C compared with placebo. In addition, the trial’s secondary endpoint was achieved, with VK2809-treated patients experiencing statistically significant reductions in liver fat content compared with placebo. VK2809 demonstrated encouraging safety and tolerability in this study, with no SAEs reported.

Reduction in LDL-C

Patients receiving VK2809 demonstrated statistically significant reductions in LDL-C of 20% or more, compared with placebo-treated patients. In addition, VK2809-treated patients demonstrated statistically significant improvements in other lipids, including atherogenic proteins apolipoprotein B and lipoprotein (a).

Reduction in Liver Fat Content

Patients receiving VK2809 experienced statistically significant reductions in liver fat content, as assessed by MRI-PDFF, relative to placebo after 12 weeks of treatment.

Safety and Tolerability

No SAEs were reported among patients receiving VK2809 or placebo. Mean alanine aminotransferase, or ALT, levels among patients receiving VK2809 were reduced relative to those of patients receiving placebo. Among patients with elevated baseline ALT levels, those receiving VK2809 also demonstrated reduction relative to placebo. There were no clinically or numerically meaningful differences in direct bilirubin, indirect bilirubin, alkaline phosphatase or international normalized ratio between patients treated with VK2809 or placebo. In addition, no meaningful changes to the thyroid hormone axis were observed among VK2809-treated patients compared with placebo-treated patients.

6

VK2809 Summary Characteristics

VK2809 has been evaluated in two Phase 2 clinical trials and seven Phase 1 clinical trials. Based on these clinical and additional preclinical data, we believe VK2809 has the following important characteristics that may benefit patients with metabolic or lipid disorders:

•
Broader efficacy:
 Phase 2 and Phase 1 data suggest VK2809 could reduce liver fat, plasma LDL-C, triglyceride and atherogenic protein levels by greater amounts than existing oral therapies. Such broad and potent lipid lowering-activity may be particularly desirable for NASH/MASH patients with hypercholesterolemia or dyslipidemia, or among patients with risk factors such as chronic kidney disease.

•
Encouraging safety profile:
 VK2809 has demonstrated encouraging safety to date in over 400 subjects from completed studies. No drug related serious adverse events were observed. In addition, no cardiovascular abnormalities were reported, in-line with the expected high tissue and receptor selectivity for VK2809.

•
Encouraging tolerability:
 VK2809 has been well-tolerated at and above doses that we are currently administrating and plan to administer in future clinical trials.

•
Novel mechanism of action:
 Based on its selective thyroid receptor targeting mechanism of action, we believe VK2809 has the potential to lower plasma and liver lipid levels in a manner complementary to existing agents such as statins. In particular, based upon the Phase 2 trial results, we believe the unique liver-targeting properties of VK2809 impart a robust lipid lowering effect within hepatic tissue, with potential therapeutic applications in fatty liver diseases such as NASH/MASH.

•
Combinability:
 VK2809’s novel mechanism of action is expected to allow combinability with many existing therapies, leading to enhanced efficacy and potentially delaying transition to subsequent therapies.

•
Once-daily oral dosing:
 Clinical data suggest that VK2809 has the potential to lower plasma lipid levels in NASH/MASH or hypercholesterolemia patients as a once-daily oral therapy.

Phase 1 Clinical Data for VK2809

VK2809 has also been evaluated in seven Phase 1 clinical trials. The initial Phase 1 safety, tolerability and pharmacokinetic study of VK2809 was conducted in 2006. This was followed by a 14-day Phase 1b clinical trial in 56 patients with mild hypercholesterolemia, defined as baseline plasma LDL-C of at least 100 mg/dL. This study was initiated in 2007 and completed in 2008. VK2809 was shown to be safe and well-tolerated across doses ranging from 0.25 mg to 40 mg per day. There were no serious adverse events, and the frequency of adverse events in VK2809-treated patients was similar to placebo-treated patients. The clinical trial results also showed dose-related reductions in fasting LDL-C and fasting triglyceride levels at day 14. Significant placebo-adjusted LDL-C reductions from baseline were observed at doses of 5 mg and above and ranged from approximately 15%-41%, while placebo-adjusted triglyceride levels were reduced by more than 30% at doses of 2.5 mg and above. In addition, statistically significant reductions of lipoprotein a, or Lp(a), and apolipoprotein, or Apo(B), which are believed to be positively associated with a patient’s risk of developing cardiovascular disease, were observed in certain cohorts. In addition, VK2809 was evaluated in five additional Phase 1 trials, evaluating the pharmacokinetics, pharmacodynamics, potential drug-drug interaction of VK2809 when co-administered with a statin, alternative dosing regimens and hepatic impairment, respectively.

VK0214 in X-linked Adrenoleukodystrophy (X-ALD)

We are developing VK0214 for X-ALD, a rare X-linked, inherited neurological disorder characterized by a breakdown in the protective barriers surrounding brain and nerve cells. X-ALD is caused by mutations in a peroxisomal transporter of VLCFA known as ABCD1. As a result, transporter function is impaired and patients are unable to efficiently metabolize VLCFA. TRß is known to regulate expression of an alternative VLCFA transporter, known as ABCD2. Various preclinical models have demonstrated that increased expression of ABCD2 can lead to normalization of VLCFA metabolism. Preliminary data suggest that VK0214 stimulates ABCD2 expression in an in vitro model and reduces VLCFA levels in an in vivo model of X-ALD.

Based upon the positive results from the VK0214 Phase 1 SAD and MAD study, in June 2021, we initiated a Phase 1b clinical trial of VK0214 in patients with X-ALD. The Phase 1b trial was a multi-center, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study in adult male patients with the AMN form of X-ALD.  The study enrolled patients across three cohorts: placebo, VK0214 20 mg daily, and VK0214 40 mg daily.  The primary objectives were to evaluate the safety and tolerability of VK0214 in subjects with AMN, when administered once-daily over a 28-day dosing period.  Secondary objectives included an evaluation of the pharmacokinetics of VK0214 following 28 days of dosing in this population.  An exploratory objective was to evaluate the effects of VK0214 on plasma levels of VLCFAs in subjects with AMN.

7

In October 2024, we announced the results from this study, noting that VK0214 was shown to be safe and well-tolerated following once-daily dosing over the 28-day study period. In addition, significant reductions were observed in plasma levels of VLCFAs and other lipids, as compared to placebo.

Highlights from the study results include:

Reductions in VLCFAs

In addition to safety and tolerability, the study included an exploratory assessment of changes in plasma levels of VLCFAs after 28 days of dosing.  VLCFAs are considered biomarkers of disease in patients with X-ALD.  Treatment with VK0214 resulted in significant reductions in mean VLCFA levels at both doses evaluated, 20 mg/day and 40 mg/day, compared to placebo.  Importantly, cohorts receiving VK0214 demonstrated reductions in mean plasma levels of the 26 carbon lysophosphatidyl choline (C26:0-LPC) derivative, a key diagnostic marker.

Reductions in Plasma Lipids

In addition to VLCFA changes, subjects who received VK0214 demonstrated reductions in other plasma lipids.  Mean reductions relative to baseline and placebo were observed for LDL-C, apolipoprotein B, or ApoB, and lipoprotein (a), or Lp(a), following 28 days of treatment.

Safety and Tolerability

VK0214 demonstrated encouraging safety and tolerability following 28 days of once-daily dosing.  Treatment emergent adverse events were reported as mild to moderate; one subject in the placebo cohort experienced a wrist fracture that was characterized as a severe adverse event. GI adverse events were slightly higher among placebo subjects (33%) compared with VK0214-treated subjects (11%). Our intent is to pursue partnering or licensing opportunities for VK0214 prior to conducting additional clinical studies.

Phase 1 SAD and MAD clinical trial of VK0214

In September 2020, we initiated a randomized, double-blind, placebo controlled Phase 1 SAD and MAD clinical trial of VK0214 in healthy patients. The primary objective of the study was to evaluate the safety and tolerability of VK0214 administered orally for up to 14 days. The secondary objective was to evaluate the pharmacokinetics of VK0214 following single and multiple oral doses. The first portion of the study evaluated single doses of VK0214; in the second portion of the study, subjects received VK0214 once daily for 14 days. Subsequent cohorts in both portions of the study received successively higher VK0214 doses.

In June 2021, we announced the results of the study. VK0214 was shown to be safe and well-tolerated at all doses evaluated in this study. No serious adverse events were reported, and no treatment or dose-related trends were observed for vital signs, GI effects, cardiovascular measures or physical examinations. VK0214 demonstrated dose-dependent exposures, no evidence of accumulation following multiple doses, and a half-life consistent with anticipated once-daily dosing regimens. While the study’s primary objective was to evaluate safety and tolerability, laboratory assessments included a lipid panel to determine potential pharmacodynamic effects following exposure to VK0214. The results showed that subjects who received VK0214 experienced reductions in low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, or LDL-C, triglycerides and apolipoprotein B following 14 days of treatment at all VK0214 doses. Many of the observed lipid reductions achieved statistical significance, though the study was not powered to demonstrate statistical significance on laboratory assessments.

X-ALD is a rare, often fatal condition believed to occur with an incidence of approximately one in 17,000 births. X-ALD is caused by mutations in the gene encoding for ABCD1, which is located on the X chromosome. Men have one X chromosome, while women have two. Because of this, an inherited mutation in the ABCD1 gene is more likely to manifest in males relative to females. The ABCD1 protein plays a critical role in the transport of VLCFA into a cellular organelle called the peroxisome, where VLCFA metabolism and disposal occur. Without functional ABCD1, VLCFA accumulate in cells, including neural cells, where they can lead to membrane disruption and damage to the myelin sheath, a protective and insulating membrane that surrounds nerve cells in the brain. This damage can result in decreased motor coordination and function, visual and hearing disturbances, the loss of cognitive function, dementia, seizures, adrenal dysfunction and other complications, including death. X-ALD is divided into various sub-segments, which are broadly characterized by the presence or absence of brain inflammation:

•
Cerebral adrenoleukodystrophy, or CALD:
 The most severe form of X-ALD is CALD. CALD is characterized by a progressive inflammatory destruction of myelin, leading to severe loss of neurological function and eventual death. Approximately 35% to 40% of male X-ALD patients present with cerebral involvement at a younger age, between the ages of 5 and 12 years. However, up to 20% of male X-ALD patients develop cerebral involvement later in life, 

8

between the ages of 20 and 35 years. In male children affected by CALD, learning and behavioral problems are often the first clinical manifestations of disease. In the absence of intervention, patients affected by CALD typically experience rapid degeneration into vegetative state within 3 to 5 years, often resulting in death within 10 years of diagnosis.

•
Adrenomyeloneuropathy, or AMN:
 AMN is the more common form of X-ALD and is considered the default form of the disease in patients surviving beyond childhood. AMN is expected to affect all adult males with ABCD1 mutations, and approximately 65% of females. In males, the diagnosis is usually made between the ages of 20 and 50 and in females after the age of 65. AMN accounts for approximately half of all patients diagnosed with X-ALD. Patients with AMN generally present with slowly progressive symptoms resulting from (non-inflammatory) disruption of the axons, which are a fundamental component of the central nervous system (which allows nerve signals to be transmitted), in the spinal cord. Patients experience a variety of symptoms, including weakness in the legs, impaired vibration sense, incontinence and impotence. Severe motor disability, requiring the use of a wheelchair or cane, develops over a three to 15-year period. Many patients experience lower limb paralysis. While AMN is generally considered to develop more gradually relative to CALD, approximately 35% of AMN patients experience a rapid progression of myelopathy over a three to five-year period. In addition, approximately 40% of AMN patients have or will develop CALD, with varying degrees of associated inflammation.

There is a clear unmet medical need for patients suffering from X-ALD. CALD has been more commonly targeted for treatment due to its devastating effects, which are often manifested at a young age. For these patients, an effective treatment option is allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell, or HSC, transplant. In this procedure, the patient is treated with HSCs containing the properly functioning copy of the ABCD1 gene, contributed by a donor other than the patient. Additionally, a method of ex vivo insertion of a functional copy of the ABCD1 gene via a lentiviral vector into the patient’s own HSCs to correct the aberrant expression of ABCD1 in patients with CALD has recently been approved. Over time with either method, as the transplanted cells grow and repopulate, a partial restoration of ABCD1 function can be achieved, leading many patients to resolution of progression in the cerebral form of the disease. However, recent data suggest that, even among successfully transplanted patients, AMN can develop. We believe our thyroid receptor agonists, which have the potential to normalize metabolism of VLCFAs peripherally, and potentially centrally, may positively impact all forms of X-ALD, including the currently untreatable AMN form.

VK5211: A SARM for Hip Fracture

VK5211 is an orally available, non-steroidal SARM in development for the treatment of patients recovering from non-elective hip fracture surgery. VK5211 is designed to selectively produce the therapeutic benefits of testosterone in muscle and bone tissue with improved safety and tolerability. Tissue selectivity is critical in treating patients recovering from hip fracture. These patients experience elevated rates of metabolic breakdown of muscle tissue and loss of bone mineral density. This results in a loss of muscle strength, an increased risk of additional fractures and increased mortality.

Clinical Data for VK5211

In November 2017, we announced positive top-line results from our 12-week, Phase 2 clinical trial of VK5211 in patients who recently suffered a hip fracture. Top-line data showed that the trial achieved its primary endpoint, demonstrating statistically significant, dose dependent increases in lean body mass, less head, following treatment with VK5211 as compared to placebo. The study also achieved certain secondary endpoints, demonstrating statistically significant increases in appendicular lean body mass and total lean body mass for all doses of VK5211, compared to placebo. VK5211 demonstrated encouraging safety and tolerability in this study, with no drug-related SAEs reported.

The Phase 2 clinical trial was a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel group, international study designed to evaluate the efficacy, safety and tolerability of VK5211 in patients recovering from hip fracture surgery. A total of 108 patients were randomized to receive once-daily VK5211 doses of 0.5 mg, 1.0 mg, 2.0 mg, or placebo for 12 weeks. Top-line results include:

•
All doses of VK5211 demonstrated statistically significant increases in total lean body mass, less head, the study’s primary endpoint. Placebo-adjusted increases in lean body mass were 4.8% at 0.5 mg (p < 0.005), 7.2% at 1.0 mg (p < 0.001), and 9.1% at 2.0 mg (p < 0.001). These corresponded to placebo-adjusted increases of 1.6 kg at 0.5 mg (p < 0.005), 2.5 kg at 1.0 mg (p < 0.001), and 3.1 kg at 2.0 mg (p < 0.001).

•
The proportion of patients experiencing at least a 5% increase in total lean body mass, less head, were 19% with placebo, 61% at 0.5 mg, 65% at 1.0 mg, and 75% at 2.0 mg (p < 0.01 for each). The proportion of patients demonstrating at least a 2.0 kg gain in total lean body mass, less head, were 14% with placebo, 57% at 0.5 mg, 65% at 1.0 mg, and 81% at 2.0 mg (p < 0.01 for each).

9

•
All doses of VK5211 produced statistically significant increases in appendicular lean body mass, a secondary efficacy endpoint. Placebo-adjusted increases in appendicular lean body mass were 6.1% at 0.5 mg (p < 0.01), 9.0% at 1.0 mg (p < 0.001), and 10.2% at 2.0 mg (p < 0.001). These corresponded to placebo-adjusted increases of 0.8 kg at 0.5 mg (p < 0.05), 1.3 kg at 1.0 mg (p < 0.001), and 1.4 kg at 2.0 mg (p < 0.001).

•
All doses of VK5211 produced statistically significant increases in total lean body mass, including head, a secondary efficacy endpoint. Increases in total lean body mass were 6.3% (p < 0.005), 8.2% (p < 0.001), and 9.9% (p < 0.001) from baseline, corresponding to placebo-adjusted increases of 4.7% at 0.5 mg (p < 0.005), 6.8% at 1.0 mg (p < 0.001), and 8.3% at 2.0 mg (p < 0.001). These corresponded to placebo-adjusted increases of 1.7 kg at 0.5 mg (p < 0.005), 2.6 kg at 1.0 mg (p < 0.001), and 3.1 kg at 2.0 mg (p < 0.001).

•
Patients receiving VK5211 demonstrated numerical improvements in certain exploratory assessments of functional performance, including the 6-minute walk test and short physical performance battery, compared with placebo. These endpoints were not powered for significance. Further evaluation of exploratory functional endpoints is underway.

•
There were no significant differences in the rates of adverse events reported among patients receiving VK5211 compared with placebo. There were no dose-related differences in reported adverse events among various VK5211 treatment groups. No drug-related SAEs were observed in patients receiving VK5211.

Our intent is to continue to pursue partnering or licensing opportunities for VK5211 prior to conducting additional clinical studies.

Pipeline Program Targeting Metabolic Disease with Large Unmet Medical Need

Dual Amylin and Calcitonin Receptor Agonist (DACRA) Program

We have a preclinical program focused on developing dual amylin and calcitonin receptor agonists, or DACRA, for the potential treatment of obesity. Amylin has important effects on glucose management, glucagon production, gastric emptying time and satiety. Amylin analogs have been shown to significantly reduce body weight and dosage of insulin. Dual amylin and calcitonin receptor agonists are the most potent amylin receptor agonists. Cagrilintide is a dual amylin/calcitonin receptor agonist that is currently in clinical development. Preclinical studies to date have demonstrated potent activity of a series of novel, internally developed, amylin and calcitonin dual agonists. The results of these preclinical studies provide the rationale for Viking's continued advancement of its internal dual amylin and calcitonin receptor agonist development program.

Competition

The biopharmaceutical industry is characterized by rapidly advancing technologies, intense competition and a strong emphasis on proprietary products. While we believe that our technology, knowledge, experience and scientific resources provide us with competitive advantages, we face potential competition from many different sources, including commercial biopharmaceutical enterprises, academic institutions, government agencies and private and public research institutions. Any drug candidates that we successfully develop and commercialize will compete with existing therapies and new therapies that may become available in the future.

Many of our competitors have significantly greater financial resources and expertise in research and development, manufacturing, preclinical studies, clinical trials, regulatory approvals and marketing approved products than we do. Smaller or early-stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large and established companies. Our competitors may succeed in developing technologies and therapies that are more effective, better tolerated or less costly than any which we are developing, or that would render our drug candidates obsolete and noncompetitive. Even if we obtain regulatory approval for any of our drug candidates, our competitors may succeed in obtaining regulatory approvals for their products earlier than we do. We will also face competition from these third parties in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific and management personnel, in establishing clinical trial sites and patient registration for clinical trials, and in acquiring and in-licensing technologies and products complementary to our programs or advantageous to our business.

The key competitive factors affecting the success of each of our drug candidates, if approved, are likely to be its efficacy, safety, tolerability, frequency and route of administration, convenience and price, the level of branded and generic competition and the availability of coverage and reimbursement from government and other third-party payors.

VK2735

VK2735, if approved, will compete against therapies that are already approved and marketed for obesity, including Semaglutide (Wegovy®) and liraglutide (Saxenda®) from Novo Nordisk A/S, and tirzepatide (Zepbound™) from Eli Lilly and Company. We are also aware of several programs targeting obesity that are in the late development stage that will compete against VK2735, if approved,

10

including CagriSema from Novo Nordisk A/S, orforglipron and retatrutide from Eli Lilly and Company, and survodutide (BI 456906) from Boehringer Ingelheim International GmbH. In addition, we are aware of active programs at Altimmune, Inc., Amgen Inc., Ascletis Pharma Inc., AstraZeneca, BioAge Labs, Corxel, D&D Pharmatech, Inc., ERX Pharmaceuticals Inc., F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd, Gubra, Hanmi Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., Kailera Therapeutics, Kallyope Inc., Metsera, NeuroBo, NodThera, Pfizer Inc., QL Pharma Co., Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc., Rivus Pharmaceuticals Inc., Sciwind Biosciences Co., Ltd., Scholar Rock, Structure Therapeutics Inc., Terns Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Veru Inc., and Zealand Pharma A/S.

VK2809

Resmetirom (Rezdiffra™), another agonist of the thyroid hormone receptor beta, or TRß, from Madrigal Pharmaceuticals, Inc., is the only therapy currently approved in the U.S. for the treatment of NASH/MASH. In addition, we are aware of numerous development-stage programs targeting this disease, including arachidyl amido cholanoic acid from Galmed Pharmaceuticals Ltd., belapectin from Galectin Therapeutics Inc., lanifibranor from Inventiva S.A., semaglutide from Novo Nordisk A/S, firsocostat (GS-0976) and cilofexor (GS-9674) from Gilead Sciences, Inc., tirzepatide from Eli Lilly and Company, ervogastat (PF-06865571) and clesacostat (PF-05221304) from Pfizer Inc., efruxifermin (AKR-001) from Akero Therapeutics, Inc., pegozafermin (BIO89-100) from 89bio, Inc., denifanstat (TVB-2640) from Sagimet Biosciences Inc., efocipegtrutide (HM15211) from Hanmi Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., survodutide (BI 456906) from Boehringer Ingelheim International GmbH, ION224 and ION839 from Ionis Pharmaceuticals, Inc., rencofilstat (CRV431) from Hepion Pharmaceuticals, Inc., HTD1801 from HighTide Therapeutics Inc., GSK4532990 (ARO-HSD) from GlaxoSmithKline plc., ALN-HSD from Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc./ Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc., efinopegdutide (MK-6024) from Merck & Co., Inc., and pemvidutide (ALT-801) from Altimmune, Inc. In addition, we are aware of active programs at Aligos Therapeutics, Inc., Arrowhead Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Ascletis Biopharmaceutical, AstraZeneca PLC, Boston Pharmaceuticals Inc., Can-Fite BioPharma Ltd., ChemomAb Ltd., CohBar, Inc., Corcept Therapeutics Inc., CytoDyn Inc., D&D Pharmatech, Inc., Durect Corporation, Enyo Pharma SA, Inc., Future Medicine Co., Ltd., Galecto, Inc., Gelesis Holdings Inc., Hepagene Therapeutics, Inc., Kowa Company, Ltd., MediciNova Inc., Seal Rock Therapeutics, Inc., Theratechnologies Inc., Yuhan Corporation, and Cadila Healthcare Limited (a.k.a. Zydus Cadila).

VK0214

In the U.S., there are currently no marketed therapies for the treatment of X-ALD. HSC therapy has been used to treat the most severe form of X-ALD, CALD. More recently, gene therapy has been shown to be effective in CALD, and elivaldogene autotemcel from bluebird bio, Inc., has received accelerated approval by the FDA (to slow the progression of neurologic dysfunction in boys 4-17 years of age with early, active CALD), and approval by the European Commission (for patients less than 18 years of age with early CALD without a matched sibling donor). However, both treatments are invasive, requiring surgical intervention, and these do not appear to have an effect on the most pervasive form of X-ALD, adrenomyeloneuropathy, or AMN. There are several experimental therapies that are in various stages of clinical development for X-ALD by companies, including Minoryx Therapeutics S.L., Neuraxpharm Group, Poxel SA, and Spur Therapeutics, Inc. (formerly SwanBio Therapeutics Inc.), which may be competitive with VK0214, if approved.

VK5211

In the U.S., there are currently no marketed therapies for the maintenance or improvement of lean body mass, bone mineral density or physical function in patients recovering from non-elective hip fracture surgery. However, VK5211, if approved, will face competition from experimental therapies that are in various stages of clinical development for conditions characterized by muscle wasting by companies including Biophytis SA, and Helsinn Group. In addition, nutritional and growth hormone-based therapies are sometimes used in patients experiencing muscle wasting.

Manufacturing and Supply

We do not have any manufacturing facilities and do not intend to develop any manufacturing capabilities. We believe that we have sufficient supplies of drug substance to allow for completion of our planned clinical studies. Bulk active pharmaceutical ingredient, or API, and certain dosage forms are currently in storage in compliance with good manufacturing practices, or cGMP, requirements. We believe that a majority of the existing API will be suitable for formulation into clinical trial material. We also have identified multiple contract manufacturers to provide commercial supplies of the formulated drug candidates if they are approved for marketing. We intend to secure contract manufacturers with established track records of quality product supply and significant experience with the regulatory requirements of the FDA and the European Medicines Agency, or EMA.

11

Our History

We were incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on September 24, 2012. Since our incorporation, we have devoted most of our efforts towards conducting certain clinical trials and preclinical studies related to our VK2735, VK2809, VK0214 and VK5211 programs and dual amylin and calcitonin receptor agonist programs and towards raising capital and building infrastructure. We obtained exclusive worldwide rights to VK2809, VK0214 and VK5211 and certain other assets pursuant to an exclusive license agreement with Ligand Pharmaceuticals Incorporated, or Ligand.

Master License Agreement with Ligand

On May 21, 2014, we entered into a Master License Agreement, as amended on each of September 6, 2014, April 8, 2015 and March 21, 2016, or the Master License Agreement, with Ligand pursuant to which, among other things, Ligand granted to us and our affiliates an exclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-bearing right and license under (1) patents related to (a) our VK2809 and VK0214 programs and any other compounds comprised by specified TRß patents and any derivatives of such compounds, or TRß Compounds, (b) our VK5211 program and any other compounds comprised by specified SARM patents and derivatives of such compounds, or SARM Compounds, (c) our VK0612 program and any other compounds comprised by specified FBPase patents and derivatives of such compounds, or FBPase Compounds, (d) our DGAT-1 program and any other compounds comprised by specified DGAT-1 patents and derivatives of such compounds, or DGAT-1 Compounds, and (e) our EPOR program and any other compounds comprised by specified EPOR patents and derivatives of such compounds, or EPOR Compounds, and; (2) related know-how controlled by Ligand; and (3) physical quantities of TRß Compounds, SARM Compounds, FBPase Compounds, DGAT-1 Compounds and EPOR Compounds or, collectively, the Licensed Technology, to research, develop, manufacture, have manufactured, use and commercialize the Licensed Technology in and for all therapeutic and diagnostic uses in humans or animals. We have the right to sublicense these rights in certain circumstances. Pursuant to the terms of the Master License Agreement, we have the exclusive right and sole responsibility and decision-making authority for researching and developing any pharmaceutical products that contain or comprise one or any combination of a TRß Compound, SARM Compound, FBPase Compound, DGAT-1 Compound or EPOR Compound, or, collectively, the Licensed Products. We also have the exclusive right and sole responsibility and decision-making authority to conduct all clinical trials and preclinical studies that we believe are appropriate to obtain the regulatory approvals necessary for commercialization of the Licensed Products, and we will own and maintain all regulatory filings and all regulatory approvals for the Licensed Products. Additionally, pursuant to the terms of the Master License Agreement, we have the sole decision-making authority and responsibility and the exclusive right to commercialize any of the Licensed Products, either by ourselves or, in certain circumstances, through sublicensees selected by us. We also have the exclusive right to manufacture or have manufactured any Licensed Product ourselves or, in certain circumstances, through sublicensees or third parties selected by us. We will own any intellectual property that we develop in connection with the license granted under the Master License Agreement.

As partial consideration for the grant of the rights and licenses to us under the Master License Agreement, we issued to Ligand at the closing of our initial public offering of our common stock, or the IPO, 3,655,964 shares of our common stock having an estimated aggregate value of $29.2 million.

As further partial consideration for the grant of the rights and licenses to us by Ligand under the Master License Agreement, we have agreed to pay to Ligand certain one-time, non-refundable milestone payments in connection with Licensed Products containing (1) VK2809, VK0214 or any other TRß Compound, in an aggregate amount of up to $75.0 million per indication (for up to a total of three indications) upon the achievement of certain development and regulatory milestones and up to $150.0 million upon the achievement of certain sales milestones; (2) VK5211 or any other SARM Compound, in an aggregate amount of up to $85.0 million per indication (for up to a total of two indications) upon the achievement of certain development and regulatory milestones and up to $100.0 million upon the achievement of certain sales milestones; (3) VK0612 or any other FBPase Compound, in an aggregate amount of up to $60.0 million per indication (for up to a total of four indications) upon the achievement of certain development and regulatory milestones and up to $150.0 million upon the achievement of certain sales milestones; (4) any EPOR Compound, in an aggregate amount of up to $48.0 million per indication (for up to a total of three indications) upon the achievement of certain development and regulatory milestones and up to $50.0 million upon the achievement of certain sales milestones; and (5) any DGAT-1 Compound, in an aggregate amount of up to $78.0 million per indication (for up to a total of two indications) upon the achievement of certain development and regulatory milestones and up to $150.0 million upon the achievement of certain sales milestones. Additionally, we will pay to Ligand a one-time, non-refundable milestone payment of $2.5 million upon the occurrence of the first commercial sale of VK0612 or any other FBPase Compound by one of our sublicensees. We will also pay to Ligand royalties on aggregate annual worldwide net sales of Licensed Products by us, our affiliates and our sublicensees at tiered percentage rates in the following ranges based upon net sales: (a) low-to-middle single digit royalties upon sales of VK2809, VK0214 or any other TRß Compound, (b) upper single digit royalties upon sales of VK5211 or any other SARM Compound, (c) upper single digit royalties upon sales of VK0612 or any other FBPase Compound, (d) low-to-middle single digit royalties upon sales of any DGAT-1 Compound, and (e) middle-to-upper single digit royalties upon sales of any EPOR Compound; in each case subject to reduction in certain circumstances.

12

The term of the Master License Agreement will continue unless the agreement is terminated by us or Ligand. Ligand has the right to terminate the Master License Agreement under certain circumstances, including, but not limited to: (1) in the event of our insolvency or bankruptcy; (2) if we do not pay an undisputed amount owing under the Master License Agreement when due and fail to cure such default within a specified period of time; or (3) if we default on certain of our material and substantial obligations and fail to cure the default within a specified period of time. We have the right to terminate the Master License Agreement under certain circumstances, including, but not limited to: (i) if Ligand does not pay an undisputed amount owing under the Master License Agreement when due and fails to cure such default within a specified period of time, or (ii) if Ligand defaults on certain of its material and substantial obligations and fails to cure the default within a specified period of time. In addition, provisions of the Master License Agreement can be terminated on a licensed program-by-program basis under certain circumstances. In the event that the Master License Agreement is terminated in its entirety or with respect to a specific licensed program for any reason: (A) all licenses granted to us under the Master License Agreement (or with respect to the specific licensed program) will terminate and we will, upon Ligand’s request (subject to Ligand assuming legal responsibility for any clinical trials of the Licensed Products then ongoing), assign and transfer to Ligand (or to such transferee as Ligand may direct), at no cost to Ligand, all regulatory documentation and all regulatory approvals prepared or obtained by us or on our behalf related to the Licensed Products (or those related to the specific licensed program), or, if Ligand does not make such a request, we will wind down any ongoing clinical trials with respect to the Licensed Products (or those related to the specific licensed program) at no cost to Ligand; (B) we will, upon Ligand’s request, sell and transfer to Ligand (or to such transferee as Ligand may direct), at a price equal to 125% of our costs of goods, any and all chemical, biological or physical materials relating to or comprising the Licensed Products (or those related to the specific licensed program); (C) we will have, for a period of six months following termination, the right to sell on the normal business terms in existence before such termination any finished commercial inventory of Licensed Products (or those related to the specific licensed program) which remains on hand, so long as we pay to Ligand the applicable royalties and sales milestones; (D) Ligand has the right to require us to assign to Ligand the trademarks owned by us relating to the Licensed Products (or those related to the specific licensed program); and (E) we will grant to Ligand a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-bearing sublicensable license under any patent rights and know-how controlled by us to the extent necessary to make, have made, import, use, offer to sell and sell the Licensed Products (or those related to the specific licensed program) anywhere in the world at a royalty rate in the low single digits.

Under the Master License Agreement, we have agreed to indemnify Ligand for claims relating to the performance of our obligations under the Master License Agreement, any breach of the representations and warranties made by us under the Master License Agreement, clinical trials conducted by us and the research, development and commercialization of the Licensed Products by us and our affiliates, sublicensees, distributors and agents. In addition, Ligand has agreed to indemnify us for claims relating to the performance of its obligations under the Master License Agreement, its breach of representations and warranties under the agreement and its research and development of the licensed compounds before the effective date of the Master License Agreement. Each party’s indemnification obligations will not apply to the extent the claims result from the negligence or willful misconduct of the indemnified party or any of its employees, agents, officers or directors or from the indemnified party’s breach of its representations or warranties set forth in the Master License Agreement.

Government Regulation

FDA Regulation and Marketing Approval

In the U.S., the FDA regulates drugs under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act of 1938, as amended, or FDCA, and related regulations. Drugs are also subject to other federal, state and local statutes and regulations. Failure to comply with the applicable U.S. regulatory requirements at any time during the drug development process, approval process or after approval may subject an applicant to administrative or judicial sanctions and non-approval of drug candidates. These sanctions could include the imposition by the FDA or an Institutional Review Board, or IRB, of a clinical hold on clinical trials, the FDA’s refusal to approve pending applications or related supplements, withdrawal of an approval, untitled or warning letters, product recalls, product seizures, total or partial suspension of production or distribution, injunctions, fines, restitution, disgorgement, civil penalties or criminal prosecution. Such actions by government agencies could also require us to expend a large amount of resources to respond to the actions. Any agency or judicial enforcement action could have a material adverse effect on us.

The FDA and comparable regulatory agencies in state and local jurisdictions and in foreign countries impose substantial requirements upon the clinical development, manufacture and marketing of pharmaceutical products.

These agencies and other federal, state and local entities regulate research and development activities and the testing, manufacture, quality control, safety, effectiveness, labeling, packaging, storage, distribution, record-keeping, approval, post-approval monitoring, advertising, promotion, sampling and import and export of our products. Our drugs must be approved by the FDA through the new drug application, or NDA, process before they may be legally marketed in the U.S. See “The NDA Approval Process” under Part I, “