Item 3. Legal 
Proceedings.

From time to time, we may be party to lawsuits in the ordinary course of business. We are not presently a party to any legal proceedings, the outcome of which, if determined adversely to us, would individually or in the aggregate be reasonably expected to have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results or financial condition.

In December 2022, we filed suit against Ascletis Bioscience Co., Ltd., Gannex Pharma Co., Ltd., Ascletis Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd., Ascletis Pharma Inc., and Jinzi Jason Wu, or the Ascletis Defendants, in the Southern District of California, San Diego division, alleging, among other things: (1) violation of the Defend Trade Secrets Act; (2) violation of the California Uniform Trade Secrets Act; (3) breach of contract; (4) breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing; and (5) tortious interference with contract. In a related action, we also filed suit against the same Ascletis Defendants in the International Trade Commission for unlawful and unfair methods of competition. These legal proceedings arise at least in part from the misappropriation of our trade secrets.

On October 3, 2024, the ITC’s Chief Administrative Law Judge issued a Notice of his determination in favor of Viking. The ruling states that Ascletis Defendants misappropriated our trade secrets while under a Confidential Disclosure Agreement and engaged in discovery misconduct, warranting monetary and non-monetary sanctions. We plan to continue to vigorously pursue, as necessary, all of our legal remedies in these litigations, including through any appeals processes that the Ascletis Defendants may initiate, but there is no guarantee that we will be successful in these efforts.

Item 4. Mine Saf
ety Disclosures.

Not applicable.

59

PART
 II

Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stoc
kholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.

Market Information

Our common stock began trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market on April 28, 2015 and trades under the symbol “VKTX”. Prior to April 28, 2015, there was no public market for our common stock.

Holders of Record

As of December 31, 2024, there were approximately eight stockholders of record of our common stock. Certain shares are held in “street” name and, accordingly, the number of beneficial owners of such shares is not known or included in the foregoing number.

Performance Graph

The following stock performance graph and related information shall not be deemed “soliciting material” or to be “filed” with the SEC, nor shall such information be incorporated by reference into any future filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, except to the extent that we specifically incorporate it by reference into such filing.

The following performance graph compares total stockholder returns for our common stock from December 31, 2019 through December 31, 2024 against the NASDAQ Composite Index and NASDAQ Biotechnology Index, each of which we believe is a comparable index consisting of companies with similar industry classifications, and which we plan to use in our future performance graphs. Each of the two comparative measures of cumulative total return assumes reinvestment of dividends. The stock performance shown in the graph below is not necessarily indicative of future price performance.

Comparison of 5 Year Cumulative Total Return

Among Viking Therapeutics, Inc., the NASDAQ Composite and the NASDAQ Biotechnology Index

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities

None.

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

None.

Item
 6. [Reserved]

60

Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
 Financial Condition and Results of Operations.

You should read the following discussion and analysis in conjunction with Part II, “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” included below in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Operating results are not necessarily indicative of results that may occur in future periods.

The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations contains forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Actual events or results may differ materially from our expectations. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those stated or implied by our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, those set forth in Part I, “