Item 3.

Legal Proceedings

64

Item 4.

Mine Safety Disclosures

64

PART II

Item 5.

Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

65

Item 6.

[Reserved]

66

Item 7.

Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

67

Item 7A.

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

84

Item 8.

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

85

Item 9.

Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure

117

Item 9A.

Controls and Procedures

117

Item 9B.

Other Information

117

Item 9C.

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections

118

PART III

Item 10.

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance

119

Item 11.

Executive Compensation

119

Item 12.

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters

119

Item 13.

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence

119

Item 14.

Principal Accounting Fees and Services

119

PART IV

Item 15.

Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules

120

Item 16.

Form 10-K Summary

122

i

BASIS of PRESENTATION

Certain Definitions

As used in this report, unless expressly indicated or the context otherwise requires, references to:

•
“OneStream,” “we,” “us,” “our,” the “Company”
 and similar references refer to (1) OneStream Software LLC and its consolidated subsidiaries prior to the consummation of the Reorganization Transactions and the IPO and (2) OneStream, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, including OneStream Software LLC, after the consummation of the Reorganization Transactions and the IPO.

•
“Amended LLC Agreement”
 refers to OneStream Software LLC’s sixth amended and restated operating agreement, which became effective as part of the Reorganization Transactions.

•
“Blocker Mergers” 
refers to the acquisition by OneStream, Inc. of LLC Units held by the Former Members and in exchange for which OneStream, Inc. issued shares of Class D common stock.

•
“Continuing Members” 
refers to certain KKR entities, all other pre-IPO members of OneStream Software LLC that were not party to the Blocker Mergers and all pre-IPO members that held incentive compensation units of OneStream Software LLC immediately prior to the Reorganization Transactions.

•
“Disinterested Majority”
 refers, with respect to a potential redemption of LLC Units, to the majority of OneStream, Inc.’s board of directors who are disinterested, as determined by OneStream, Inc.’s board of directors in accordance with the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, or the DGCL, which must exclude any director who is (1) the beneficial owner of the LLC Units to be redeemed, (2) affiliated with the beneficial owner of such LLC Units or (3) serving on OneStream, Inc.’s board of directors as a nominee of the beneficial owner of such LLC Units or its affiliates.

•
“Former Members” 
refers to certain pre-IPO members of OneStream Software LLC that were corporations that merged with and into OneStream, Inc. as part of the Reorganization Transactions and that contributed their LLC Units to OneStream, Inc. in exchange for shares of Class D common stock. The Former Members include all pre-IPO members of OneStream Software LLC that are not Continuing Members following the Reorganization Transactions, including certain affiliates of KKR.

•
“IPO”
 refers to the initial public offering of OneStream, Inc., completed on July 25, 2024.

•
“IPO Synthetic Secondary”
 refers to the use of the net proceeds from the sale of 3,006,037 shares of Class A common stock by OneStream, Inc. in the IPO to purchase an equal number of issued and outstanding LLC Units (and purchase and cancel an equal number of shares of Class C common stock) from KKR Dream Holdings LLC and certain other Continuing Members at a purchase price per LLC Unit equal to the IPO price per share of Class A common stock, net of underwriting discounts and commissions.

•
“KKR” 
refers to KKR Dream Holdings LLC and affiliated entities. KKR is both a Former Member and a Continuing Member.

•
“LLC Units”
 refers to the single class of non-voting common units of OneStream Software LLC.

•
“Reorganization Transactions” 
refers to the internal reorganization completed in connection with the IPO, following which OneStream, Inc. manages and operates the business and controls the strategic decisions and day-to-day operations of OneStream Software LLC as sole manager and includes the operations of OneStream Software LLC in its consolidated financial statements.

•
“Secondary Offering” 
refers to the sale by the Company and certain selling stockholders of Class A common stock that was initially completed on November 18, 2024 and the underwriters’ subsequent 

1

exercise in full of their option to purchase additional shares of Class A common stock that was completed on November 27, 2024.

•
“Secondary Offering Synthetic Secondary”
 refers to the use of the net proceeds from the sale of 6,892,009 shares of Class A common stock by OneStream, Inc. in the Secondary Offering to purchase an equal number of issued and outstanding LLC Units (and purchase and cancel an equal number of shares of Class C common stock) from KKR Dream Holdings LLC at a purchase price per LLC Unit equal to the public offering price per share of Class A common stock, net of underwriting discounts and commissions.

•
“TRA Members” 
refers to the parties to the Tax Receivable Agreement, which include KKR and other Continuing Members and certain Former Members.

2

Risk Factors Summary

Investing in our Class A common stock involves numerous risks, including those set forth below. This summary does not contain all of the information that may be important to you, and you should read this risk factor summary together with the more detailed discussion of risks and uncertainties set forth in Part I,