ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
On January 10, 2022, EcoFactor, Inc., or EcoFactor, filed a lawsuit against us in U.S. District Court, District of Oregon, alleging Alarm.com’s products and services directly and indirectly infringe five U.S. patents owned by EcoFactor. EcoFactor is seeking a permanent injunction, enhanced damages and attorneys' fees. EcoFactor had previously asserted two of the same patents against us in an October 2019 complaint with the U.S. International Trade Commission, or ITC. In July 2021, the ITC found in favor of Alarm.com. EcoFactor appealed the decision but withdrew its appeal in December 2021. We moved to dismiss the Oregon case for failure to state a claim on March 28, 2022. On April 18, 2022, the district court stayed the case at the request of the parties pending the disposition of other proceedings involving the asserted patents. These proceedings include four ex parte reexamination proceedings at the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and one inter partes review. Two of the patents were found unpatentable in reexamination, and EcoFactor appealed the decision with respect to one of the patents to the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit on July 9, 2024, while its time to appeal the second decision has not yet expired. The ex parte reexamination of a third patent is still ongoing, and ex parte reexamination of a fourth patent concluded on August 23, 2023 after the claims were amended. On April 18, 2022, all claims of a fifth patent were found unpatentable by the U.S. Patent Trial and Appeal Board, or PTAB, in inter partes review, and all claims were canceled on February 1, 2024. 
Should EcoFactor prevail in its lawsuit we could be required to pay damages and/or a reasonable royalty for sales of our solution, we could be enjoined from making, using and selling our solution if a license or other right to continue selling such elements is not made available to us, and we could be required to pay ongoing royalties and comply with unfavorable terms if such a license is made available to us. While we believe we have valid defenses to EcoFactor’s claims, the outcome of these legal claims cannot be predicted with certainty and any of these outcomes could result in an adverse effect on our business.
On July 22, 2021, Causam Enterprises, Inc., or Causam, filed a lawsuit against us in U.S. District Court, Western District of Texas, alleging that Alarm.com’s smart thermostats infringe four U.S. patents owned by Causam. Causam is seeking preliminary and permanent injunctions, enhanced damages and attorneys’ fees. We have not yet responded to the complaint. On September 3, 2021, the court issued an order staying the lawsuit until the ITC investigation described below is finally resolved.
On July 28, 2021, Causam filed a complaint with the ITC naming Alarm.com Incorporated, Alarm.com Holdings, Inc., and EnergyHub, Inc., among others, as proposed respondents. The complaint alleges infringement of the same four patents Causam asserted in district court. Causam is seeking a permanent limited exclusion order and permanent cease and desist order. On August 27, 2021, the ITC instituted an investigation into Causam’s allegations naming Alarm.com Incorporated, Alarm.com Holdings, Inc., EnergyHub Inc. and others as respondents. We answered the complaint on October 4, 2021. Among other things, we asserted defenses based on non-infringement and invalidity of the patents in question. An evidentiary hearing in the investigation was held from June 28, 2022 through July 1, 2022. On February 16, 2023, the ITC issued a final decision in favor of Alarm.com and EnergyHub. Causam filed an appeal of the ITC decision on April 14, 2023. Causam did not appeal the ITC decision with respect to Alarm.com and EnergyHub.
Should Causam prevail in its district court lawsuit we could be required to pay damages and/or a reasonable royalty for sales of our solution, we could be enjoined from making, using and selling our solution if a license or other right to continue selling such elements is not made available to us, and we could be required to pay ongoing royalties and comply with unfavorable terms if such a license is made available to us. While we believe we have valid defenses to Causam’s claims, the outcome of these legal claims cannot be predicted with certainty, and any of these outcomes could result in an adverse effect on our business.
In addition to the matters described above, we may be required to provide indemnification to certain of our service provider partners for certain claims regarding our solutions. For example, we incurred costs associated with the indemnification of our service provider Central Security Group – Nationwide, Inc. (d/b/a Alert 360), or CSG, in an ongoing patent litigation. In 2018, 
54
Ubiquitous Connectivity, LP, or Ubiquitous, brought suit against CSG in U.S. District Court, Northern District of Oklahoma, alleging infringement of two U.S. patents. The case was stayed by agreement of the parties for several years while the patents in suit were challenged before the PTAB. In January 2021, the PTAB deemed 42 out of 46 claims of the two asserted patents unpatentable. Ubiquitous appealed a portion of the PTAB’s findings to the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit. The Federal Circuit affirmed the PTAB’s ruling on August 8, 2023. As a result, only four patent claims remain at issue and the Northern District of Oklahoma case is no longer stayed. The case is currently in the discovery phase. The court held a claim construction hearing on December 12, 2024, but has not yet rendered a claim construction opinion. A hearing on dispositive motions, including for summary judgment, is scheduled for April 15, 2026. A trial is scheduled for July 6, 2026.
Should Ubiquitous prevail on its infringement claims, we could be required to indemnify CSG for damages in the form of a reasonable royalty or of Ubiquitous’s lost profits. CSG could be enjoined from making, using, and selling our solution if a license or other right to continue selling our technology is not made available or if we are unable to design around such patents, and we could be required to pay ongoing royalties and comply with unfavorable terms if such a license is made available to us. The outcome of these legal claims cannot be predicted with certainty.
We may also be a party to litigation and subject to claims incident to the ordinary course of business. Although the results of litigation and claims cannot be predicted with certainty, we currently believe that the final outcome of these ordinary course matters will not have a material adverse effect on our business. Regardless of the outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources and other factors. For a description of our legal proceedings, see Note 13 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES
Not applicable.
55
PART II.
ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
Market Information
Our common stock commenced trading on The Nasdaq Global Select Market on June 26, 2015 and trades under the symbol “ALRM.” Prior to June 26, 2015, there was no public market for our common stock. On February 13, 2025, the closing price of our common stock on The Nasdaq Global Select Market was $63.82 per share.
Holders
As of February 13, 2025, there were 20 stockholders of record of our common stock, one of which is Cede & Co., a nominee for Depository Trust Company, or DTC. All of the shares of common stock held by brokerage firms, banks and other financial institutions as nominees for beneficial owners are deposited into participant accounts at DTC, and are considered to be held of record by Cede & Co. as one stockholder.
Dividends
We cannot provide any assurance that we will declare or pay cash dividends on our common stock in the future. We currently anticipate that we will retain all of our future earnings, if any, for use in the operation and expansion of our business and we do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Payment of future cash dividends, if any, will be at the discretion of the board of directors after taking into account various factors, including our financial condition, operating results, current and anticipated cash needs, the requirements of current or then-existing debt instruments and other factors the board of directors deems relevant.
Stock Performance Graph
This performance graph shall not be deemed "soliciting material" or to be "filed" with the SEC for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that Section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any of our filings under the Securities Act.
The following graph shows a comparison for the period from December 31, 2019 through December 31, 2024 of the cumulative total return for (i) our common stock, (ii) the Nasdaq Composite Index and (iii) Standard & Poor's 500 Index, or S&P 500 Index, assuming an initial investment of $100 on the last trading day for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019 and reinvestment of all dividends. The returns in the graph are not intended to forecast or be indicative of possible future performance of our common stock.
56
Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities
In May 2024, we issued $500.0 million aggregate principal amount of 2.25% convertible senior notes due June 1, 2029, in a private offering pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act. The offer and sale of the 2029 Notes to the initial purchasers for the 2029 Notes was made in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. We relied on this exemption from registration based in part on representations made by the initial purchasers, including that such initial purchasers would only offer, sell or deliver the 2029 Notes to persons whom they reasonably believe to be qualified institutional buyers within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act.
For more information related to the 2029 Notes, see Note 13 to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Use of Proceeds
None.
Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
On February 15, 2023, our board of directors authorized a stock repurchase program, effective February 23, 2023, under which we are authorized to purchase up to an aggregate of $100.0 million of our outstanding common stock during the two-year period ending February 23, 2025. On May 24, 2024, our board of directors authorized the repurchase of our common stock in connection with the issuance of the 2029 Notes, the cancellation of the balance under the stock repurchase program ending February 23, 2025, and also authorized a stock repurchase program, effective May 31, 2024, under which we are authorized to purchase up to an aggregate of $100.0 million of our outstanding common stock during the two-year period ending May 31, 2026.
We utilize our stock repurchase program in an effort to return surplus cash to stockholders efficiently and to offset dilution related to the issuance of stock under our 2015 Equity Incentive Plan, or 2015 Plan, and our employee stock purchase plan. Our board of directors determines repurchase program amounts through an analysis of projected capital needs to sustain growth as well as to meet other investing and financing criteria. In determining whether to authorize repurchases and the size of the repurchase program, our board of directors considers whether we have funds legally available to repurchase shares of common stock and various alternative uses for our cash and cash equivalents.
57
The stock repurchase program is designed to enable us to make both opportunistic repurchases based on market conditions at management’s discretion and consistent repurchases over time. Stock repurchases may be made through a variety of methods, including open-market transactions (including pursuant to a trading plan adopted in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 of the Exchange Act), privately negotiated transactions, block trades, tender offers and by any combination of the foregoing.
No shares were repurchased under our stock repurchase program during the three months ended December 31, 2024.
We withhold shares of common stock in connection with the vesting of restricted stock unit awards issued to employees to satisfy applicable tax withholding requirements. These withheld shares are not issued or considered common stock repurchases under our stock repurchase program and therefore, are excluded from our repurchase activity.
As of January 1, 2023, we are subject to a 1.0% excise tax on the value of net corporate stock repurchases under the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022. When applicable, the excise tax will be included as part of the cost basis of shares acquired and is presented within stockholders’ equity in the consolidated balance sheets and will be excluded from amounts presented for shares purchased.
ITEM 6. [RESERVED]
ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes and other financial information included elsewhere in this Annual Report. Some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis or set forth elsewhere in this Annual Report, including information with respect to our plans and strategy for our business, includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. You should review Item 1A. "Risk Factors" and "Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements" in this Annual Report for a discussion of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in the following discussion and analysis.
Overview
Alarm.com is the leading platform for the intelligently connected property. Our cloud-based platform offers an expansive suite of IoT solutions addressing
 global opportunities in the residential, multi-family, small business and enterprise commercial markets. Alarm.com’s solution suite includes security, video and video analytics, energy management, access control, electric utility grid management, indoor gunshot detection, water management, health and wellness, personal safety and data-rich emergency response.
 During 
2024
, our platforms processed more than 345 billion data points generated by over 160 million connected devices. 
We believe this scale of subscribers, connected devices and data operations makes us the leader in the connected property market.
Alarm.com has established a global network of trusted service provider partners who distribute our solutions to their customers. Our service provider partners represent a diverse range of independent businesses, and are experts at selling, installing and supporting our technology. They depend on the Alarm.com platform for connected property technology and to operate and manage their businesses efficiently.
Alarm.com primarily generates SaaS and license revenue through our service provider partners, who resell our services and pay us monthly fees. Contracts with our service provider partners typically have an initial term of one year, with subsequent renewal terms of one year. Our service provider partners have indicated that they typically have three to five-year service contracts with residential and commercial property owners who use our solutions. We also generate hardware and other revenue, primarily from our service provider partners and distributors. Our hardware sales include connected devices that enable our services, such as video cameras, video recorders, gunshot detection sensors, gateway modules and smart thermostats. We believe our network of service providers and the length of our service relationships with residential and commercial property owners, combined with our robust SaaS platforms and over 20 years of operating experience, contribute to a compelling business model.
Our solutions are designed to make both residential and commercial properties safer, smarter and more efficient. Our technology platforms support property owners who subscribe to our services, the hardware partners who manufacture devices that integrate with our platforms and the service provider partners who install and maintain our solutions.
The Alarm.com platform enables our service provider partners to address the needs of a broad range of residential and commercial customers. They can deploy interactive security, video monitoring, property automation, access control, energy management, gunshot detection, water management, vehicle and fleet management, and wellness and personal safety solutions as stand-alone offerings or as integrated solutions.
58
Executive Overview and Highlights of 2024 and 2023 Results
Alarm.com primarily generates SaaS and license revenue, our largest source of revenue, through our service provider partners, who resell our services and pay us monthly fees. Our service provider partners sell, install and support Alarm.com solutions that enable residential and commercial property owners to intelligently secure, connect, control and automate their properties. Our subscribers consist of all of the properties maintained by those residential and commercial property owners to which we are delivering at least one of our solutions. We derive a portion of our revenue from licensing our intellectual property to third parties on a per customer basis. SaaS and license revenue represented 67%, 65% and 62% of our revenue in 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
We also generate SaaS and license revenue from monthly fees charged to service providers on a per subscriber basis for access to our non-hosted software platform, or Software platform. The non-hosted software for interactive security, automation and related solutions is typically deployed and operated by the service provider in its own network operations center. Software license revenue represented 2%, 3% and 3% of our revenue in 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
We also generate revenue from the sale of many types of hardware, including video cameras, video recorders, cellular radio modules, smart thermostats, image sensors, gunshot detection sensors and other peripherals, that enable our solutions. Our hardware and other revenue also includes our revenue from the sale of perpetual licenses that provide our customers in the commercial market the right to use our video surveillance software for an indefinite period of time in exchange for a one-time license fee. Additionally, our hardware and other revenue includes our revenue from the sale of licenses that provide our customers the right to use our gunshot detection solution in exchange for license fees. Hardware and other revenue represented 33%, 35% and 38% of our revenue in 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. We typically expect hardware and other revenue to fluctuate as a percentage of total revenue.
Highlights of our financial performance for the periods covered in this Annual Report include:
•
SaaS and license revenue increased 11% to $631.2 million in 2024 from $569.2 million in 2023. SaaS and license revenue increased 9% to $569.2 million in 2023 from $520.4 million in 2022. Software license revenue decreased to $20.3 million in 2024 from $23.2 million in 2023. Software license revenue decreased to $23.2 million in 2023 from $26.8 million in 2022.
•
Total revenue increased 7% to $939.8 million in 2024 from $881.7 million in 2023. Total revenue increased 5% to $881.7 million in 2023 from $842.6 million in 2022.
•
Net income increased 52% to $122.5 million in 2024 from $80.3 million in 2023. Net income increased 44% to $80.3 million in 2023 from $55.6 million in 2022. Net income attributable to common stockholders increased 53% to $124.1 million in 2024 from $81.0 million in 2023. Net income attributable to common stockholders increased 44% to $81.0 million in 2023 from $56.3 million in 2022.
•
Non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP measurement of operating performance, increased to $176.2 million in 2024 from $154.0 million in 2023. Non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA increased to $154.0 million in 2023 from $146.8 million in 2022.
Please see 
Non-GAAP Measures 
below in this section of this Annual Report for a discussion of the limitations of non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA (a non-GAAP measure) and a reconciliation of non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA from net income, the most directly comparable measurement in accordance with GAAP, for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022.
Historical Trends within the Financial Results 
Information about current period and prior period acquisitions that may affect the comparability of our historical financial information is included in