Item 3.

Legal Proceedings

60

Item 4.

Mine Safety Disclosures

60

PART II

Item 5.

Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

61

Item 6.

[Reserved]

63

Item 7.

Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

64

Item 7A.

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

82

Item 8.

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

83

Item 9.

Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure

124

Item 9A.

Controls and Procedures

124

Item 9B.

Other Information

125

Item 9C.

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections

125

PART III

Item 10.

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance

126

Item 11.

Executive Compensation

126

Item 12.

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters

126

Item 13.

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence

126

Item 14.

Principal Accountant Fees and Services

126

PART IV

Item 15.

Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules

127

Item 16.

Form 10-K Summary

129

1

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDI
NG FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 31, 2025 (this “Annual Report”) contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the federal securities laws, which statements involve substantial risks and uncertainties. We intend such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements established by Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include all statements other than statements of historical fact contained in this Annual Report, and generally relate to future events or our future financial or operating performance. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements because they contain words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “contemplate,” “continue,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “potential” “predict,” “project,” “should,” “target,” or “will,” or the negative of these words or other similar terms or expressions that concern our expectations, strategy, plans or intentions. Forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report include, but are not limited to, statements about:

•
our future financial performance, including our expectations regarding our revenue, cost of revenue, operating expenses, our ability to determine reserves and our ability to achieve and maintain future profitability;

•
the sufficiency of our cash, cash equivalents and investments to meet our liquidity needs;

•
the demand for our platform or for similar solutions in general;

•
our ability to attract and retain customers;

•
our ability to develop new products and bring them to market in a timely manner and make enhancements to our platform;

•
our ability to compete with existing and new competitors in existing and new markets and offerings;

•
any impact of changes in current laws or regulations, or implementation of new laws or regulations;

•
our ability to manage and insure risk associated with our business;

•
our ability to successfully acquire and integrate companies and assets;

•
our expectations regarding new and emerging trades;

•
our ability to develop and protect our brand;

•
our expectations and management of future growth;

•
our expectations concerning relationships with third parties;

•
our expectations regarding the size of our addressable and serviceable markets, spend in those markets and our ability to penetrate those markets;

•
our expectations regarding the amount of our customers’ gross transaction volume (“GTV”), which represents the sum of total dollars invoiced by our customers to end customer through our platform in a given period and is intended to be a proxy for the total revenue our customers generate from their end customers, that we can recognize as revenue;

•
our ability to maintain, protect and enhance our intellectual property;

•
industry trends, in particular the rate of adoption of trades-specific and end-to-end technologies and digitization of the trades;

•
our ability to anticipate technological and industry developments and our ability to enhance our platform or develop new products to respond to such developments;

•
our ability to drive growth by incorporating artificial intelligence (“AI”) and machine learning solutions into our platform;

2

•
our ability to scale our systems and operations as we grow, including through organic and inorganic growth;

•
our reliance on key personnel and our ability to attract, maintain and retain management and skilled personnel;

•
our expectations regarding present and future litigation;

•
our expectations regarding the effects of existing and developing laws and regulations, including with respect to taxation and privacy and data protection;

•
our ability to maintain the security and availability of our platform and protect against data breaches and other security incidents;

•
the increased expenses associated with being a public company; and

•
our ability to avoid any findings of material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in the future.

We caution you that the foregoing list may not contain all of the forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report.

You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. We have based the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report primarily on management's current expectations and projections about future events and trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects, based on information available to us at the time such statements are made. The outcome of the events described in these forward-looking statements is subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, including those described in Part II, Item 7, “
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
,”

and Part I, Item 1A, “
Risk Factors
,” within this Annual Report, as well as those risks and uncertainties set forth from time to time in our reports and other documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”).

Although we do not make forward-looking statements unless we believe we have a reasonable basis for doing so, we cannot guarantee their accuracy or completeness. Moreover, new risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all risks and uncertainties that could have an impact on the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report. We cannot assure you that the results, events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur, and actual results, events or circumstances could differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements.

We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Annual Report or to reflect new information or the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required by law or the listing rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC. We may not actually achieve the plans, intentions or expectations disclosed in our forward-looking statements and you should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements.

In addition, statements that “we believe” and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These statements are based upon information available to us as of the date of this Annual Report, and while we believe such information forms a reasonable basis for such statements, such information may be limited or incomplete, and our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all potentially available relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain and you are cautioned not to unduly rely upon these statements.

3

SUMMARY
 OF RISK FACTORS

Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including those highlighted in the section titled “
Risk Factors
” contained within this Annual Report. These risks could materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations, which could cause the trading price of our Class A common stock to decline and could result in a loss of all or part of your investment. Additional risks, beyond those summarized below or discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report, may apply to our business, activities or operations as currently conducted or as we may conduct them in the future or in the markets in which we operate or may in the future operate. These risks include, but are not limited to, the following:

•
We have experienced rapid growth in recent periods, and such growth may not be indicative of our future growth. If we fail to properly manage future growth, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially adversely affected.

•
We have a history of losses and may not be able to achieve or sustain profitability in the future.

•
If we fail to manage our growth effectively, our brand and reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.

•
If we fail to effectively develop and commercialize new products, enhance and improve our platform, expand the number of trades we support, respond to changes in trades business demands or preferences or adapt to changes in trade industry practices, processes and technological advances, we may not remain competitive.

•
Our operations can be seasonal, and the results of our operations can vary from quarter to quarter and year-over-year, so our financial performance in certain financial quarters or years may not be indicative of, or comparable to, our financial performance in subsequent financial quarters or years.

•
Factors that adversely affect the trades industry, including industry consolidation, the increased prevalence of marketplaces for contractors, supply chain issues and labor shortages, could also adversely affect the demand for our platform and, as a result, our business, financial condition and results of operations.

•
We engage our team members in various ways, including direct hires, through professional employer organizations and as independent contractors. As a result of these methods of engagement, we face certain challenges and risks that can affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.

•
The impact of economic conditions, including the resulting effect on consumer spending and on our customers’ finances and operations, may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

•
The market for software designed to serve the trades is evolving, and our future success depends on the growth of the trades industry and our ability to adapt, keep pace and respond effectively to evolving markets.

•
We face competition from both established and new companies offering services similar to ours, and many of our potential customers have developed, or could develop, proprietary solutions, all of which may have a negative effect on our ability to add new customers, retain existing customers and/or grow our business.

•
We may be unsuccessful in making, integrating and maintaining acquisitions, including past acquisitions.

•
We have incorporated and are incorporating traditional AI, machine learning and generative AI (
“
GenAI
”
) into some of our products. This technology is new and developing and may present operational and reputational risks or result in liability or harm to our reputation, business, results of operations or customers.

•
Any failure to offer high quality support for our customers, including throughout the implementation process, may harm our relationships with our customers and, consequently, our business.

4

•
Our ability to increase our customer base and achieve broader market acceptance of our platform will depend on our ability to develop and expand our sales and marketing capabilities.

•
A majority of our customers are small- and medium-sized businesses, which can be more difficult and costly to retain than large businesses and may increase the impact of economic fluctuations on us.

•
We rely on software and services licensed from other third parties. Defects in or the loss of software or services from third parties could increase our costs and adversely affect the quality of our service.

•
If we or our third-party service providers experience a cybersecurity breach or other incident, including any breach or incident that allows, or is perceived to allow, unauthorized access to our platform or our Sensitive Information, our reputation and brand, business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.

•
The material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, which we first identified in fiscal 2019, were remediated as of the end of fiscal 2024. While we remediated these material weaknesses, such remediation does not guarantee that our remediated controls will continue to be effective or that we will not experience other material weaknesses in the future, which could affect the reliability of our financial statements and have other adverse consequences. 

•
The multi-class structure of our common stock has the effect of concentrating voting power with Ara Mahdessian and Vahe Kuzoyan (our “Co-Founders”), which will limit your ability to influence the outcome of matters submitted to our stockholders for approval, including the election of our board of directors, the adoption of amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws and the approval of any merger, consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of our assets or other major corporate transaction. Future issuances of our Class C common stock, if any, will not dilute the voting power of our Co-Founders, but will dilute their economic interest, which could cause their interests to conflict with your interests. Further, the issuance of shares of Class C common stock, whether to our Co-Founders or to other stockholders, could prolong the duration of our Co-Founders’ voting power.

5

PART I

Item 1. B
usiness.

ServiceTitan is the operating system that powers the trades.

We are modernizing a large and technologically underserved industry—an industry commonly referred to as the “trades.” The trades consist of the collection of field service activities required to install, maintain, and service the infrastructure and systems of residences and commercial buildings. Tradespeople—like your local plumber, roofer, landscaper, HVAC technician and others who are employed in the trades—are immensely skilled and extensively trained. They are the essential, unsung heroes who work tirelessly to ensure that our needs are met where we live or work, ready at a moment’s notice to leave their families in the middle of the night to go across town to help others.

ServiceTitan was born in the trades and built for the trades. Our founders, Ara Mahdessian and Vahe Kuzoyan, are the sons of trades business owners and founded ServiceTitan to provide tradespeople, like their parents, with technology that is purpose built to help trades businesses thrive. Our software provides an end-to-end, cloud-based software platform that connects and manages a wide array of business workflows such as advertising, job scheduling and management, dispatching, generating estimates and invoices, payment processing and more. Tradespeople spend their days interfacing with the ServiceTitan platform across what we believe to be the five most business-critical functions, or the “core centers of gravity,” inside a trades business: CRM (customer relationship management, including sales enablement, marketing automation and customer service), FSM (field service management, including scheduling and dispatching), ERP (enterprise resource planning, including inventory), HCM (human capital management, including compensation and payroll integration) and FinTech (including payments and third-party consumer financing). By offering interoperable capabilities in all five centers of gravity, we continuously capture comprehensive data insights across key workflows in a trades business.

ServiceTitan is focused on the success of our customers. We believe that our customers’ success leads to our success, and our broad platform, close customer proximity and deep connection with the industry enable us to improve our customers’ business outcomes. We believe we have the largest proprietary data asset in our industry, which means we can see and learn from an industry-specific dataset; and we are the system of record for our customers, solving end-to-end workflow. Because of these factors, we are fundamentally able to turn insights into action, a foundation that is accelerated by our AI capabilities. This helps our customers grow and further professionalize their businesses, positioning them to accelerate revenue, drive operational efficiency and deliver a superior end-customer service experience.

Industry Background

Access to clean water, consistent power, heated and ventilated air, an environment free from pest infestations, and a roof overhead are just some of the basic requirements of the modern home and business. We take these standards of living and comforts for granted until something goes wrong—a water pipe bursts, the heat goes out in the dead of winter or the power goes down in the middle of the workday. It is in these moments when tradespeople come to the rescue and we remember how much we depend on the trades.

The Trades Are Large, Durable and Rapidly Professionalizing

The trades are a cornerstone of our global economy and one of the largest employment categories for the U.S. workforce. They attract considerable spending on homes, businesses and other properties.

Historically, the trades consisted of smaller, often family-owned entrepreneurial businesses with limited operational and geographical footprints. However, in recent years, more businesses are seeking to integrate modern technologies into their operations. Furthering this paradigm shift is the influx of professional operators, including private equity owners, who are investing in and consolidating the trades, standardizing the operations of their portfolio companies, implementing best practices and accelerating the digital shift with a focus on scaling and improving efficiency. At the same time, end customers increasingly demand seamless digital experiences that have become commonplace in other industries.

6

The Trades Require an Industry-Centric Approach

Trades businesses are complex in nature, servicing many types of jobs across complex workflows in distributed locations. Despite the size and criticality of the trades and the specialized skills of tradespeople, technology solutions have generally not evolved to address their needs. Thus, many trades are forced to rely on a variety of inadequate tools to manage their workflows. We believe that to adequately serve the trades, a software solution needs to be purpose-built for the nuanced dynamics of the trades, including the following:

•
Distributed Workforce with Dynamic Workflows
. Trade workflows are often fluid and geographically distributed as technicians, dispatchers, customer support representatives, salespeople, and owners may all be in separate and changing locations throughout the day but require immediate collaborative capabilities. Each job requires these distinct and separated constituents to frequently and dynamically interact with one another in real time to appropriately address an end customer’s job requirements. 

•
Individual Trades Have Similar but Distinct Characteristics
. The industry consists of a wide array of trades that service different needs of households and businesses. Though each trade has similar operational challenges and business goals, there are often many unique workflows and specifications that require configurations based on the nuances of a particular trade and/or end customer. 

•
Technology Adoption Requires Business Transformation
. Often there are structural inefficiencies in trades businesses’ historical operational workflows. However, these processes have existed for generations, and trades businesses may be apprehensive to invest in technology solutions that carry the risk of massively disrupting their established norms. Since trades businesses tend to devote their resources to serving their customers, they often lack large IT organizations required to stitch together narrow solutions, build software products in-house or customize horizontal technology to fit their distinct workflows. 

Given the distinct characteristics and challenges of the trades, the need for a software platform built specifically for and trusted by this industry is critical.

The ServiceTitan Approach

The trades deserve a modern platform to deliver superior performance from the back-office to field technicians to end customers. ServiceTitan was born to heed this calling. Our differentiated approach to drive success for our customers is built on the following cornerstones:

•
Our Software is Trades-Specific, End-to-End, and Extensible Across Trade Verticals
. We have built what we believe to be the first and only comprehensive cloud-based software solution designed specifically for the diverse spectrum of trades businesses, fully integrating across all critical operational functions (CRM, FSM, ERP, HCM and FinTech).  Rather than targeting specific functional areas as is traditional in enterprise software, we target our entire customer—a trades business—and have purpose-built our platform to cover their needs and workflows end-to-end.

•
We Are Experts in the Trades
.
 We are emphatically focused on understanding the evolving challenges and workflows of trades stakeholders through continuously engaging with customers and observing their utilization of our products. We also employ  industry experts, such as former contractors, former association leaders and other subject matter experts, and work closely with customers and industry partners, including large distributors, OEMs and industry associations, to maintain a constant pulse of the trades. 

•
We Leverage Our Data Assets and AI to Drive Customer ROI
. ServiceTitan lives and breathes the trades and, in turn, the trades live and breathe ServiceTitan. Trades businesses spend their days using our platform and processing key workflows through us. Our unique position across the trades ecosystem provides us with an unrivaled ability to collect data across all workflows and all users, which we anonymize, aggregate, and analyze to glean insights and productize further improvements for our customers, and in turn provides data to Titan Intelligence, our AI engine, to automate customer tasks and drive additional insight-based actions. We not only embed AI-driven features and insights within existing products, but we have launched and plan to launch additional innovative, purpose-built, add-on AI products designed specifically for the trades. We will continue to weave Titan Intelligence throughout our 

7

products, enhancing the value of our products to our customers and leveraging the power of AI in additional use cases. We believe we have the three necessary ingredients to harness the power of AI to drive value for our customers: (1) massive and growing proprietary data assets; (2) similar customer profiles with common workflows; and (3) an end-to-end platform that allows us to put insights into action.

Components of Our Platform

ServiceTitan was built to be the operating system that powers the trades. We designed our platform to comprehensively address key workflows for trades businesses including call tracking, scheduling, dispatching, end-customer communications, marketing automation, estimating, sales, inventory and payroll integration. Our customers access our platform through a web browser if in the office and through a mobile application if in the field (primarily technicians). Given the vertical-specific nature of the trades, we tailor certain product offerings to address specific needs of each trade.

Our platform offers key benefits through three main offerings: Core, FinTech and Pro products. Our entry point to a typical customer’s business is through our Core product offering, which offers a base-level functionality across all key workflows, including call tracking, scheduling, dispatching, end-customer communications, marketing automation, estimating, job costing, sales, inventory and payroll integration. To supplement our Core product and provide an even higher level of functionality, we offer our comprehensive portfolio of our Pro products, which provide value-additive capabilities, as well as our FinTech products, which include payment processing and third-party financing solutions. As our customers adopt more of our platform’s additive products and features, we have the opportunity to further accelerate the growth of their business, drive operational efficiencies and deliver a superior end-customer experience.

Our platform is also highly extensible because of our application programming interfaces (“APIs”) and developer tools that allow our customers to integrate our products with their systems and third-party applications, further extending and embedding our platform into the broader trades ecosystem. Our partners and system integrators regularly engage with our platform to create value-add extensions that help serve our customers in an even more complete and flexible manner.

Through our platform, our customers are able to generate leads, book jobs, dispatch technicians, track performance, take payments, among other capabilities more fully described below. For additional information regarding the seasonality and other trends impacting our platform and business, refer to Item 7, “
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.
”

Lead Generation

Lead Tracking

A single customer can have thousands of online leads from a variety of sources, including ads, Yelp and Google sponsorships, which makes knowing which lead sources are producing inbound calls critical to maximizing our customers’ sales and marketing ROI. ServiceTitan’s lead tracking feature assigns a unique phone number to each marketing campaign that helps map leads to revenue-generating jobs and provides a customer visibility into the effectiveness of each marketing dollar.

Memberships, Service Agreements and Contracts

Our platform allows our customers to effortlessly create new maintenance memberships and equipment-based contracts that are customizable to apply discounts or offer upgrades for additional services. Our customers are also notified when end customers’ memberships are expiring and are provided a summary of the membership information to ensure they have the right data when following up on renewals Additionally, we offer our business customers the flexibility to provide services using service agreements. This feature offers customers consistent and predictable revenue-generating opportunities to generate work.

8

Marketing Pro

To complement our standard lead tracking feature, Marketing Pro offers automated email marketing, direct mail marketing services, reputation management, ads measurement and optimization and Audience Builder.

Convex

Convex Labs, Inc. is a sales and marketing platform built specifically for trades businesses focused on serving commercial buildings that enables such trades businesses to identify new opportunities and expand existing relationships with a comprehensive view of commercial properties, contact, business and permit information.

Job Booking

Call Booking and Recording

Our Call Booking and Recording feature automatically populates end-customer information as calls come in, making appointment booking an informed and effortless process. We use our data-driven insights to show customer service representatives key property details and customer history. ServiceTitan routes an end customer’s call through a call recording system and attaches the recording to the related job, allowing a business owner to regularly review calls for quality assurance.

Google Local Service Ads Integration

Our Google Local Service Ads Integration feature enables a prospective end customer to view availability and book directly with our customers with the click of a button using Google search.

Phones Pro

Phones Pro is a Voice over Internet Protocol phone system that allows customers to route calls through the ServiceTitan platform. This allows our customers to immediately know which customer service representative is taking the call, enabling in-depth reporting on key performance indicators such as call abandonment rates and average call duration. Phones Pro also allows our customers to receive call transcripts and automated alerts for escalation.

We also use AI in our Second Chance Leads feature to analyze interactions that failed to result in booked appointments and are worth pursuing a second attempt.

Contact Center Pro

Contact Center Pro is an omnichannel, multi-location, AI-powered cloud contact center solution built specifically for the trades to provide better customer service, book more jobs, increase revenue, boost contact center productivity and streamline costs. The Universal Inbox in Contact Center Pro allows customer service agents to access inbound and outbound communications across multiple channels and businesses as well as critical contextual information and key workflows from a single, easy-to-use user interface.

Scheduling Pro

Scheduling Pro allows end customers to book work orders directly through the dispatch board at any time, resulting in less friction for end customers who would otherwise be in queue, and increased orders for our customers even during periods when sales representatives are busy or after-hours. This feature helps our customers capture revenue that may otherwise be lost.

Dispatching Technician

Customer Notifications

End customers receive automated text notifications when their job is booked and the technician is on the way, along with the technician’s picture and a link to the technician’s GPS location. Moreover, end customers can directly communicate with the technician through a two-way chat feature and receive real-time updates.

9

Scheduling & Dispatching

Our Scheduling & Dispatching dashboard provides information about a technician’s schedule, current capacity and skill set, and an overview of booked appointments, recurring jobs and non-job events. With this critical information, dispatchers can efficiently schedule next jobs and respond to urgent requests and emergencies, all the while mapping the right technician to the job. Our platform also uses GPS systems to get real-time information on technician routes to find the most efficient routes and help businesses stay responsive.

Dispatch Pro

Dispatch Pro incorporates AI in our standard dispatch solutions to provide analyses that help customers make smarter business decisions. This AI-driven feature constantly improves the product algorithm to learn from technicians’ historical data (like total sales, average tickets, sold memberships, probability of generating leads, technician reassignment and more) to choose the best-matched technician for a job, while also optimizing technician routes. A key feature of Dispatch Pro is its ability to predict job values and outcomes, enabling customers to make data-driven decisions to optimize technician assignment for each job, which in turn helps our customers yield higher return on investment.

Fleet Pro

Fleet Pro is a comprehensive, proactive fleet management solution that helps managers efficiently manage their fleet, save money and maximize ROI on fleet spend. This feature pulls data from GPS and AI-assisted smart cameras connected to the ServiceTitan network to provide managers complete visibility into technicians’ vehicle use, including idle times, helping prevent inflated wages and identify lost billing opportunities.

Performing Job

Custom Forms

Custom Forms ensures that our customers are collecting relevant information from their end customer to understand the job request, provide estimates and identify sales velocity opportunities. This feature also serves as quality control by mandating staff to follow predefined best practices across all verticals, such as safety checklists and opportunity review forms. Using the information collected, our platform identifies the appropriate language required in contracts, allowing our customers to focus on execution and client satisfaction.

Job Costing and Project Management

For projects that go beyond a single call or single day, understanding profitability in real time is critical. Our Job Costing and Project Management functionality helps our customers understand how to manage and track all their projects (whether at one or multiple locations) in real time using the Budget vs. Actual table features through step-by-step workflows, providing visibility into the phases of work a project goes through, percent expended and variances at an itemized level, and more.

Our Job Estimating product allows customers to provide real-time estimates and proposals and significantly improve time to close sales.

Property Intelligence and Custom Proposals

Our PropertyIntel product allows our customers to collect, connect and visualize essential landscaping data to service more jobs in less time using features such as high-resolution aerial imagery for property measurement, precision measuring tools, automated time and cost estimates and autonomous mower and drone integrations.

Once equipped with this landscaping data, our customers can use our Custom Proposals feature to design competitive bids and win jobs. Together with our Core product functionality, PropertyIntel’s capabilities allow customers to identify superior enhancement opportunities, target marketing efforts to specific property needs, increase service effectiveness and achieve greater levels of profitability.

10

Reporting

Our customers can track performance by creating personalized key performance indicators or using our AI-powered benchmarked industry metrics and best practices that are generated by leveraging our most successful customers and analyzing anonymized customer data (Benchmark Insights).

Pricebook

Our platform allows customers to promptly offer a variety of pricing options to the end customer through a customizable pricebook that can be pre-loaded with pictures, videos, warranties and other information for each item. With our standard Pricebook feature, customers can track material and labor costs including bonuses and commissions for each item and make appropriate pricing adjustments, all the while getting real-time insights into their profit margins.

Pricebook Pro

Pricebook Pro offers capabilities that extend from pricing to estimates to inventory to accounting. Powered by Titan Intelligence, Pricebook Pro supplements our standard Pricebook product with value-additive features.

Sales Pro

Sales Pro is an AI-powered field technician coaching solution that records in-person field interactions and leverages AI to deliver personalized coaching to drive increases in close rates, ticket sizes and revenue while giving contractors visibility into what is occurring on appointments and jobs. By automatically recording, transcribing and analyzing on-site interactions directly within existing technician workflows, Sales Pro provides a complete virtual “ridealong” solution that surfaces coaching and learning opportunities to both managers and technicians in a social, engaging, peer-to-peer learning environment. Additionally, Sales Pro includes exclusive curated content created by ServiceTitan in partnership with industry leaders and experts so contractors of all types and sizes can learn from the best in the industry.

Taking Payment

Payment Processing

Our platform offers integrated payment processing of credit cards, bank transfers (ACH) and checks via third parties, allowing technicians to process payments through customer portals or at the job for a seamless customer experience.

Consumer Financing

Using our Consumer Financing features, our customers can rapidly and efficiently connect end customers with third-party financing options to pay for the costs incurred in connection with the work performed. Through our platform, an end customer can even view their monthly payment, which is particularly important as trades businesses often perform critical, non-discretionary and expensive jobs such as replacing an HVAC or water heating system.

Back Office Operations

Accounting

Our platform provides a suite of accounting capabilities (for example, timekeeping, payroll, accounts receivable, accounts payable, collections and multi-party billing). We also provide AI-powered accounting assistance to automate personalized responses and job summarization. This reduces the time spent on print views and increases revenue by generating print templates aligned with customer specifications.

Our accounting features also offer flexibility to work across various accounting platforms (including QuickBooks and Sage Intacct) and address our customers’ varying invoicing needs (ranging from single-party same-day invoices to multi-party, progress billing to insurance claims) in ways that make sense for businesses.

11

Commercial Billing

Our billing feature allows trades businesses to improve operational efficiency and billing accuracy by automating billing processes. Further, as our platform has access to key details of projects, including initial estimates and labor and materials costs, we also provide progress billing capabilities, which prove to be helpful as projects are often paid over time.

Procurement and Inventory Management

Our software allows customers to swiftly replenish stock and manage inventory stored in trucks and warehouses across multiple geographic locations. Additionally, customers can make transfers and track in-process orders on a real-time basis through our Inventory Mobile App. These procurement and inventory management capabilities improve overall end-customer experience by ensuring accurate data entry and efficiently managing stock to avoid delays.

Other Components of Our Platform

TitanAdvisor

We built TitanAdvisor to utilize data-driven insights from across our platform to identify and recommend features not yet implemented by a customer. TitanAdvisor recommends targeted features and products to help our customers achieve their top priorities, whether it be to accelerate growth or increase operational efficiency, and provides a step-by-step guide to implement the feature recommendations.

Titan Intelligence

Titan Intelligence, our AI engine, is woven into components of our Core and Pro product offerings and is integrated into our FinTech solutions. Titan Intelligence uses a rich set of AI, machine learning and analytics-powered tools that include the latest GenAI capabilities to harness ServiceTitan data and fuel industry insights, trends, features, products, recommendations, and data-driven strategies for the trades.

Our Growth Opportunities and Strategies

Our customers’ success is our first priority. Accordingly, we believe the following growth opportunities and strategies will deliver value to our customers and, in turn, to ServiceTitan.

•
Increase GTV on Our Platform
. We expand the GTV on our platform by enabling our customers to grow their GTV and by serving additional customers, either in trades and markets we operate in today, or in new trades and markets we may expand into in the future. 

o
Growing with Our Customers
. As our customers grow their businesses while using our platform, they often hire and add more users to their existing subscription and also complete more transactions through our platform, which both drive more revenue for ServiceTitan. Through deep partnership with these customers, we have become the market standard in these trades and, as our customers scale further, they may look to expand into additional trades we already serve, which they can leverage our platform to do. 

o
Increasing GTV By Serving Additional Customers in Existing Trades and Markets
. Our ability to increase GTV also depends on our ability to serve additional customers in existing trades and markets. As our platform has deepened and expanded in features, we have been able to serve larger customers. The trades industry is also experiencing an influx of professional operators, including private equity owners, who are investing in and consolidating the trades, in many cases on our platform. Because of these dynamics, we focus on increasing the GTV on our platform, rather than new customer count.

12

o
Increasing GTV By Entering New Trades and Markets
. We believe there is a significant opportunity to expand to new trades and markets. We intend to continue to invest in our platform to address the needs of additional trades. We have expanded into new trades through a proven playbook by harnessing common features applicable across the industry, while identifying and building key additional features specific to each trade and end market. We believe our track record and continued strategy to build features that directly address key pain points for our stakeholders across a growing number of trades will continue to differentiate us and help expand our customer base across a growing addressable market. As we expand to new trades, our best practice playbooks will continue to provide a blueprint for our customers to expand into additional trades. We also believe that there is a significant opportunity to strategically expand the usage of our platform outside of the United States and Canada over time based on the current needs of different regions. To date, we have not made any significant investments in growing our presence in international markets, but we believe there is demand for our platform internationally. 

•
Retaining and Expanding Existing Customer Relationships
. Our customers deploy our platform end-to-end across their entire organization, meaning the ServiceTitan platform powers their workflows and is the primary interface used by their employees. We are deeply embedded as the operating system that powers our customers’ businesses and as a result, we had a gross dollar retention rate of over 95% for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. As we continue to demonstrate the high ROI of our products to our customers, we may sell more add-on products to them and increase our share of wallet, which we measure as the portion of our customers’ GTV that we are able to earn. We orient our activities around what is best for our customers, not only because it is the right thing to do, but also because we believe it drives our growth and financial success. 

o
Driving Adoption of Add-on Products
. As our customers realize the positive impact of using our platform, grow and further professionalize, they often adopt additional ServiceTitan features, namely our FinTech and Pro products. This increased adoption not only drives our revenue through adoption of existing add-on products, but also gives us a sharper perspective of how customers engage with our platform and what additional add-on products might be helpful for us to innovate. We then leverage our end-to-end expertise and extensive data assets to tailor additional new features that can remedy the inefficiencies we have identified in our customer workflows and to strengthen our existing capabilities by embedding more features that can drive value and make the platform even more powerful.

o
Building New Add-on Products
. We have a history of building and launching add-on products where we see the opportunity to create significant positive impact for our customers. This impact comes from identifying an opportunity to add value because of a pain point our customers are experiencing, and from building a product that, when integrated with our end-to-end Core product, provides what we believe is an outsized value creation that is differentiated compared to other off-the-shelf vendors. Additionally, we may consider opportunities for acquisitions or other strategic transactions that advance our product roadmap more efficiently than building functionality ourselves through research and development.

Our Customers

We serve customers ranging from family-owned businesses with a few employees to large enterprises with a national footprint, some of which are an aggregation of multiple customers through a franchise network or other common buying partners, who employ directly, or through their franchise network, thousands of employees and generate over $1 billion in annual GTV. The key decision maker for our customers is typically the business owner, and for some of our larger customers it is common for the business owner to employ executives such as a chief information officer to manage and upgrade critical IT systems or a general manager to oversee business operations. The general manager is typically also a key influencer in buying decisions.

We define a customer as a parent organization, which may have multiple locations, brands or subsidiaries, that has been billed in the prior three months, and of those customers we define “Active Customers” as customers with over $10,000 of annualized billings. As of January 31, 2025 and 2024, we had approximately 9,000 and 8,000 Active

13

Customers, respectively, representing over 97% and 96% of our annualized billings, respectively. As a testament to our platform’s ability to scale with our customers, as of each of January 31, 2025 and 2024, we had over 1,000 customers with annualized billings exceeding $100,000 on our platform.

Our platform helps customers accelerate revenue growth, increase overall productivity by unifying fragmented business processes, deliver a seamless customer service experience and provide operational visibility and insights to business owners. A differentiated employee experience is both a core value proposition of our software and a unique tailwind to customer adoption.

Competition

The market for technology and business process solutions catering to the needs of the trades is in its early phases of development and technology adoption with many trades businesses still relying on a combination of rudimentary workflows. Where incumbent technology has been adopted, it has generally had a limited impact because the incumbent technology typically lacks a singular, purpose-built platform that integrates a comprehensive set of mission-critical workflows throughout the project lifecycle and fails to empower a distributed and mobile workforce.

We compete either directly or indirectly with software vendors offering point-specific tools for specific elements of trade workflows, horizontal solutions for generic functionalities, legacy on-premise field service management applications and narrow bundled solutions for down-market trades businesses. Examples of these software vendors include Salesforce, SAP, FieldEdge, Workwave, ServiceTrade, AccuLynx, BuildOps, HouseCall Pro, JobNimbus and Jobber. We expect competition to increase as other established and emerging companies enter our market, consumer platforms potentially build products to serve our customers, as customer requirements evolve and as new products and technologies, including those expedited by advancements in AI, are introduced.

We believe that we compete favorably across key industry selection criteria, including our cloud-based platform connectivity, ease of deployment and integration, user experience, industry expertise, product breadth, customer support, proven success record, mobile capabilities, and innovation capacity. However, we could face significant risks to our business, financial condition and results of operations as a result of competition. For additional information, see the section titled “
Risk Factors—Risks Related to Our Business and Operations—We face competition from both established and new companies offering services similar to ours, and many of our potential customers have developed, or could develop, proprietary solutions, all of which may have a negative effect on our ability to add new customers, retain existing customers and/or grow our business
.”

Sales and Marketing

Our go-to-market strategy leverages our industry expertise to effectively and authentically communicate our platform’s proven ability to address the trades’ unique workflows and challenges with business owners and key executives across both small and midsize and enterprise segments. We acquire customers through digital marketing, outbound direct marketing, significant word-of-mouth referrals, and partnerships with industry associations, original equipment manufacturers, and distributors. We primarily sell subscriptions to our Core product through our direct sales team, who conduct most sales virtually to accelerate onboarding. For larger enterprise prospects, our dedicated, geographically-distributed team targets key decision makers both in-person and virtually. Complementing new customer acquisition, our specialized FinTech and Pro product sales teams introduce additional products at the optimal times for each customer, using our insights from TitanAdvisor Scores to recommend solution to address our customers’ evolving needs.

Customer Success

Our customer experience teams support customers through their entire customer lifecycle, from initial onboarding to ongoing success and support. Our customer success organization consists of Implementation, Customer Success Management, Support and Professional Services, with dedicated support from operations and enablement teams.

Our implementation and Professional Services teams assist each of our customers with onboarding and configuration, including data and accounting migrations, telecom setup and custom reporting, to ensure they are successful at go-live and beyond. Customers that subscribe to our Pro products are also assigned a resource to assist in optimization of those features. After initial onboarding, each customer is assigned a Customer Success Manager

14

(“CSM”), who works closely with our customers to assist them in fully utilizing ServiceTitan in the most effective way possible using tools such as TitanAdvisor to help guide customers to improve product adoption and utilization, which closely correlates to better customer business outcomes such as revenue and efficiency. Additionally, our customers also have access to our large knowledge base, webinars and a broader community of customers and power users, many of whom are certified through our Certified Administrators program, which help raise the level of knowledge, expertise, adoption rate and continuous improvement in the use of our products.

We offer customer support via chat, phone and email, and have integrated AI solutions to enhance the customer experience. Our Customer Support teams aligned by specialized areas to provide dedicated knowledge and address customer needs quickly and effectively. As we continue to evolve the customer experience, we expect that CSMs will increasingly focus on the ongoing customer relationship, driving retention and product expansion.

Research and Development

Our research and development team consists of product, platform and infrastructure and site reliability engineering, product management, AI and data science, user experience and design, technical program management, content and enablement as well as product and information security. We invest substantial resources in research and development to enhance our platform’s functionalities and expand the products and services we offer. We employ in-house industry experts (former tradespeople, former association leaders and others) to ensure we understand the trades and address the needs of the industry through product innovation and customer success. We continually review and incorporate suggestions, feedback and new use cases from our broad customer base and engaged community into our platform and invest substantial resources to improve our platform by incorporating this feedback. We believe these investments will help us maintain our competitive position. We also analyze the data flowing through our platform to understand opportunities for driving further efficiencies and productizing improvements for our customers. Additionally, we devote considerable attention and resources to what we refer to as “customer trust,” which entails providing a continuously secure, performant and stable platform in keeping with SaaS industry standards.

Intellectual Property

Our success depends in part upon our ability to safeguard our core technology and other intellectual property protection for our technology, inventions, improvements, proprietary rights and other assets. We seek to accomplish that objective by establishing intellectual property rights in and protecting those assets through a combination of patent, trademark and copyright law, trade secret, protection, license agreements, confidentiality procedures, employee invention assignment agreements, non-disclosure agreements with third parties and other contractual measures. As of January 31, 2025, we held 16 issued U.S. patents, four issued foreign patents, and nine U.S. patent applications. In addition, as of January 31, 2025, we owned 16 registered trademarks in the United States, two pending trademark applications in the United States, and 20 registered trademarks in various non-U.S. jurisdictions. We also have registered domain names for websites that we use in our business. We intend to pursue additional intellectual property protection to the extent we believe it would be beneficial and cost-effective. Despite our efforts to protect our intellectual property rights, they may not be respected in the future or may be invalidated, circumvented or challenged. For additional information, see the section titled “
Risk Factors—Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property
.”

Government Regulation

We are subject to various federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations that involve matters central to our business. These laws and regulations may involve data privacy, security and protection, intellectual property, telecommunications, telemarketing, import and export controls, consumer protection, employment and labor, workplace safety, anti-bribery, immigration, federal securities and tax and other subjects. Additional laws and regulations relating to these areas likely will be passed in the future, and these or existing laws and regulations may be interpreted or enforced in new or expanded manners, each of which could result in significant limitations on ways we operate our business. There is a risk that certain regulations could become applicable to us as we expand the functionality of and products offered through our platform. New and evolving laws and regulations, and changes in their enforcement and interpretation, may require changes to our platform, products or business practices, and may significantly increase our compliance costs and otherwise adversely affect our business and results of operations. As our business expands to include additional products or service additional trades businesses, and our operations

15

continue to expand internationally, our compliance requirements and costs may increase and we may be subject to increased regulatory scrutiny. See the section titled “
Risk Factors—Risks Related to Legal and Regulatory Environment—Our business is subject to extensive government regulation and oversight. Our failure to comply with extensive, complex, overlapping and frequently changing rules, regulations and legal interpretations could adversely affect our business
” for additional information about the laws and regulations we are subject to and the risks to our business associated with such laws and regulations.

Our People

As of January 31, 2025, we had a total of 3,049 Titans across the United States, Canada, Armenia and other international locations. We engage our Titans through direct employment, professional employer organizations (“PEOs”), and as independent contractors. In locations where we have not established a legal entity, we contract with the PEO to serve as the 'Employer of Record.' Individuals are employed by the PEO, but provide services to us under our day-to-day direction. In certain jurisdictions, the PEO facilitates our engagement with self-employed individuals who maintain their independent contractor status while accessing PEO services. The highest concentration of these workers are in Macedonia and Mexico. The majority of our workforce, however, is based in the United States, where our executive team and most of our engineering, product managers, sales and marketing, customer success and general and administrative personnel are located. Our Titans in Armenia and our other  international locations primarily consist of engineers and customer success personnel.

None of our employees are represented by a labor union or covered by a collective bargaining agreement with respect to their employment with us. We have not experienced any work stoppages and we consider our relations with our employees to be good. We have invested substantial time and resources in building our team. We are highly dependent on our management and high-quality employees and it is crucial that we continue to attract and retain top talent. We believe that our employee relations are strong.

16