Item 3.
Legal Proceedings
30
Item 4.
Mine Safety Disclosures
30
PART II

Item 5.
Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
32
Item 6.
Reserved
34
Item 7.
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
34
Item 7A.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risks
47
Item 8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
49
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (
PCAOB ID No. 
1235
)
49
Consolidated Statements of Operations
52
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
53
Consolidated Balance Sheets
54
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
55
Consolidated Statements of Equity (Deficit)
56
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
57
Item 9
.
Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
96
Item 9A.
Controls and Procedures
96
Item 9B.
Other Information
96
Item 9C.
Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections
.
96
PART III

Item 10.
Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
97
Item 11
.
Executive Compensation
97
Item 12.
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
97
Item 13.
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
97
Item 14.
Principal Accountant Fees and Services
97
PART IV

Item 15.
Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules
98
Item 16.
Form 10- K Summary
101
Signatures
102
3

BASIS OF PRESENTATION
Unless the context otherwise requires, references to “Garrett,” “we,” “us,” “our,” and “the Company” in this Annual Report on Form 10-K refer to Garrett Motion Inc. and its subsidiaries.
The accompanying consolidated financial statements of Garrett reflect the consolidated results of operations, financial position and cash flows of Garrett, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“U.S. GAAP” or "GAAP"). 
Throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we reference certain industry sources. While we believe the compound annual growth rate (“CAGR”) and other projections of the industry sources referenced in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are reasonable, forecasts based upon such data involve inherent uncertainties, and actual outcomes are subject to change based upon various factors beyond our control. All data from industry sources is provided as of the latest practicable date prior to the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and may be subject to change.
4

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
This Annual Report on Form 10-K (this "Annual Report") and the other reports filed by us with the SEC from time to time, as well as statements incorporated by reference herein and related comments by our management, contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. federal securities laws. All statements other than statements of historical fact, including, without limitation, statements regarding our future results of operations and financial position, expectations regarding the growth of the turbocharger and electric vehicle markets and other industry trends, the sufficiency of our cash and cash equivalents, anticipated sources and uses of cash, anticipated investments in our business, our business strategy, pending litigation, anticipated interest expense, and the plans and objectives of management for future operations and capital expenditures, are forward-looking statements. In many cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as “aim,” “anticipate,” “appears,” “approximately,” “believe,” “continue,” “could,” “designed,” “effect,” “estimate,” “evaluate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “goal,” “initiative,” “intend,” “may,” “objective,” “outlook,” “plan,” “potential,” “priorities,” “project,” “pursue,” “seek,” “should,” “target,” “when,” “will,” “would,” or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions. In making these forward-looking statements, we rely on our current expectations and projections about possible future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We believe these judgments are reasonable, but these statements are not guarantees of any future events or financial results, and our actual results may differ materially due to a variety of important factors, many of which are beyond our control. These factors, which may be revised or supplemented in subsequent reports we file with the SEC, include, among other things, risks related to the following: (1) the ongoing evolution of the automotive industry; (2) the highly competitive markets in which we operate; (3) our reliance on sales to major customers; (4) changing industry and economic conditions; (5) the unique aspects of our aftermarket business; (6) pricing pressures from our original equipment manufacturer customers; (7) the foreign markets in which we operate; (8) climate change and increased scrutiny from customers, investors, regulators and other stakeholders; (9) recruitment, development, and retention of qualified personnel; (10) program launch difficulties; (11) volatility in the cost of raw materials, components, energy, transportation, and other inputs; (12) supply shortages or supplier distress leading to a disruption of our operations; (13) realization of sales from awarded business; (14) economic, political, regulatory, foreign exchange and other risks of our international operations; (15) geopolitical conditions, catastrophic events and pandemics; (16) joint venture partnerships, joint development projects and other strategic opportunities; (17) intellectual property rights; (18) work stoppages or other disruptions at our facilities; (19) realization of productivity and efficiency improvements and repositioning projects; (20) warranty claims, product recalls, field actions or product liability actions; (21) litigation, government proceedings and other contingencies and uncertainties; (22) environmental matters and liabilities; (23) third-party licensing arrangements; (24) information technology and data privacy considerations, including cybersecurity and other security concerns; (25) our substantial indebtedness and restrictive covenants related to such indebtedness; (26) tax considerations; (27) our ability to raise capital; (28) our pension funding obligations; (29) concentration of ownership of our equity securities; or (30) payment of dividends and share repurchases. For a further discussion of these and other risks, refer to Part I, Item 1A. “Risk Factors” of this Annual Report.
You should read this Annual Report and the documents that we reference herein completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from those envisioned by these forward-looking statements. We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Annual Report. Except as required by applicable law, we do not plan to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements contained herein, whether as a result of any new information, future events, changed circumstances or otherwise.
5

PART I