Item 1. Business.
Overview
We are a leading cloud-based provider of human capital management, or HCM, payroll and spend management software solutions that deliver a comprehensive platform for the modern workforce. Our platform offers an intuitive, easy-to-use product suite that helps businesses streamline and automate HR, payroll and spend management processes, attract and retain talent, and build culture and connection with their employees. Excluding clients acquired through acquisitions, as of June 30, 2025, we provided our software-as-a-service, or SaaS, solutions to approximately 41,650 clients across the U.S., which on average had over 150 employees. 
Effective management of human capital and business-related spend is a core function in all organizations and requires a significant commitment of resources. 
Organizations are faced with an ever-changing employment landscape, the complexity of increasingly geographically dispersed employees, and managing hybrid workplaces. At the same time, employees’ expectations are rising, and organizations need to prioritize communication, connection, and collaboration among their employees to differentiate how they attract and retain talent and build a culture of loyalty.
 Many companies also are operating without the infrastructure, expertise or personnel to implement or support large and complex systems in today’s dynamic environment. Existing solutions offered by third-party service providers can have limited capabilities and configurability while other enterprise-focused software vendors can be prohibitively expensive and time-consuming to implement and manage. We believe that modern organizations are better served by SaaS solutions designed to meet their unique needs, delivering fast time to value, and providing their employees with the most engaging experience available.
1
Table of Contents
Our software solutions provide the following key benefits to our clients:
•
Single Platform with Flexible Data
 – The foundation of our platform is a single employee system of record and end-to-end capabilities to support the employee lifecycle, ensuring efficiency and compliance from recruitment to retirement. 
•
Employee Experience
 – We embed employee-focused features like native video, collaboration, recognition and rewards, chat, automated surveys and more throughout the platform that enable employers to engage with and retain top talent. Our platform provides tools to communicate, connect to organizations and peers, and focus on career development and growth, which drives engagement, fosters connection across the organization and prioritizes flexibility and well-being for the employees. 
•
Insights, Recommendations & AI
 – Our clients have access to their data for reporting and compliance needs, but we also provide actionable insights powered by artificial intelligence (“AI”) based on best practices across our client base. AI is woven intentionally throughout the platform to deliver value with intelligent automation, tailored insights, and embedded experiences that provide real-time guidance to administrators and employees.
•
Leading Customer Service
 – We supplement our comprehensive software solutions with an integrated implementation and client service organization, all of which are designed to meet the needs of our clients and prospects. 
•
Seamless Integration with Extensive Ecosystem of Partners 
– Our software solutions offer our clients automated data integration with hundreds of third-party partner systems in our Integration Marketplace, such as 401(k), benefits and insurance provider systems. This integration reduces the complexity and risk of error of manual data transfers and saves time for our clients and their employees. We integrate data with these related systems through a secure connection, which significantly decreases the risk of unauthorized third-party access and other security breaches.
We market and sell our products through our direct sales force. We generate sales leads through a variety of focused marketing initiatives and from our extensive referral network of 401(k) advisors, benefits administrators, insurance brokers, third-party administrators, HR consultants and accountants. We derive revenue from a client based on the solutions purchased by the client, the number of client employees and the amount, type and timing of services provided with respect to those client employees. Our annual revenue retention rate was greater than 92% in each of the fiscal years 2023, 2024 and 2025. Our total revenues increased from $1,174.6 million in fiscal 2023 to $1,402.5 million in fiscal 2024, representing a 19% year-over-year increase, and to $1,595.2 million in fiscal 2025, representing a 14% year-over-year 
2
Table of Contents
increase. We believe our recurring revenue model and high annual revenue retention rates provide significant visibility into our future operating results.
Our Strategy
We intend to strengthen and extend our position as a leading provider of cloud-based HCM, payroll and spend management software solutions. Key elements of our strategy include the following:
•
Extend Technological Leadership
. We believe that our cloud-based software solutions, combined with our unified database architecture, enhance the experience and usability of our products, providing what we believe to be a competitive advantage over alternative solutions. Our modern, intuitive user interface utilizes features found in many popular consumer application experiences, enabling users to use our solutions with limited training. We plan to continue our technology innovation, as we have done with our mobile applications, social features and analytics capabilities.
•
Grow Our Client Base
. We believe that our current client base represents only a small portion of the organizations that could benefit from our solutions. Our clients typically have between 10 to 5,000 employees. While we provide our software solutions to approximately 41,650 clients across the U.S. (excluding clients acquired through acquisitions) as of June 30, 2025, there are approximately 1.3 million businesses with 10 to 5,000 employees in the U.S., employing approximately 73 million people, according to the U.S. Census Bureau in 2022. We believe our realized target addressable market is approximately $22.0 billion as clients, on average, purchase 50% or more of our suite of solutions. As we continue to expand our product offer
ings, we believe that we have an opportunity to increase the amounts clients spend on our solutions per employee and to expand our addressable market. As we expand our client base and number of client employees, we will also grow our sales organization. 
•
Expand Our Product Offerings
. We believe a significant part of our leadership position is the result of our investment and innovation in our product offerings. We plan to continue to invest in product development efforts that will allow us to offer a broader selection of products to new and existing clients. 
•
Further Develop Our Referral Network
. We have developed a strong network of referral participants, such as 401(k) advisors, benefits administrators, insurance brokers, third-party administrators, HR consultants and accountants that recommend our solutions and provide referrals. We believe that our platform’s automated data integration with hundreds of related third-party partner systems is valuable to our referral participants, as they are able to access payroll, HR and finance data through a single system which decreases complexity and cost and complements their own product offerings. We plan to increase integration with third-party providers and expand our referral network to grow our client base and lower our client acquisition costs.
3
Table of Contents
Our Products
Our HCM, payroll and spend management software solutions deliver a unified platform for the modern workplace. Our platform offers an intuitive, easy-to-use product suite that helps businesses streamline and automate HR, payroll and spend management processes, attract and retain talent, and build culture and connection with their employees. Our product suite includes the following categories:
Payroll
Payroll and Tax Service
s
 – Our Payroll and Tax Services solution is designed to simplify payroll, automate processes and manage complex compliance requirements within one system. Our payroll solution leverages data from our Time & Labor and Human Resource solutions to accurately calculate wages, deductions and withholdings, without the need for manual reentry. Clients work with our experts to configure general ledger integrations, accruals and complex reports to enable data-driven decision making. Our integration capabilities also automatically transfer 401(k) information, retirement plans and benefit files to third-party providers. Through our Tax Services solutions, we accurately prepare and file the necessary tax withholdings and filing documents for local, state and federal jurisdictions.
Global Payroll – 
Our cloud-based global payroll solution enables U.S.-based companies to manage payroll for employees outside the U.S. in line with complex local and country-specific requirements across over 100 countries. It also provides consolidated reporting capabilities to efficiently manage a global employee base with real-time access to payroll data.
On Demand Payment
 – On Demand Payment provides employees with visibility into their earned wages in between pay cycles based on their hours worked and offers financial flexibility to employees through access to a portion of their earned wages before their scheduled payday without impacting the client’s standard payroll process.
Garnishments 
– Our Garnishments solution provides the calculation, setup and maintenance of historical deduction records and performs calculation validation against state and federal legislation to mitigate compliance risk and prevent costly penalties and errors.
Human Resources 
Human Resources 
– Our Human Resources solutions streamline processes using modern, mobile-enabled tools that help save time by automating administrative tasks and providing data-driven reporting. Clients can track headcount and status for positions, manage position and manager changes, manage compliance tracking and reporting and employee data and documents in one central location.
Employee Self-Service
 – Our Employee Self-Service module provides employees with access to their information 24/7, which allows them to view checks, request time off, clock in and out, update personal data and collaborate with teammates. Employees can also enroll in benefits, view coverage, access training or view course completion status on-the-go via our mobile app. An AI Assistant answers Paylocity-centric questions, as well as client-specific ones based on information in their employee handbooks. 
Workflows & Documents
 – Workflows, the process automation engine embedded throughout the Paylocity platform, uses triggers and if/then logic to allow clients to automate manual processes, improving efficiency and data accuracy. Paylocity offers both out-of-the-box workflow templates and allows clients to create their own based on business needs. Documents serves as a central location to securely store personal employee files such as offer letters and performance reviews to help clients stay compliant and organized by replacing manual processes 
4
Table of Contents
and paper files. HR professionals can search electronic documents and easily upload, store and download documents while managing access with our role-based permission settings.
HR Compliance Dashboard
 – With our HR Compliance Dashboard, clients save time and money by staying up to date with new laws and regulations related to topics such as employment verification, Equal Employment Opportunity and compensation.
HR Edge
 – HR Edge supports human resource leaders’ navigation through complex compliance requirements, social issues and HR policies. Clients can also access a comprehensive library of detailed articles, guides and other resources to make informed decisions on compliance topics such as healthcare reform, wages and hours regulations, employee leave, state laws, discrimination and more.
Time & Labor
Time and Attendance
 – Our Time and Attendance solution accurately tracks time and attendance data, eliminating the need for manual tracking of accruals and reducing administrative tasks. Employees and supervisors can request and manage time off, edit timecards and manage schedule changes. A customizable supervisor dashboard provides at-a-glance visibility to missed punches, pending time off requests, attendance exceptions and more.
Scheduling
 – Clients can simplify scheduling by leveraging AI-driven shift recommendations and budgeting/scheduling advice, leveraging templates, and building policies based on duration; time between shifts; and skills/certifications. Shift swapping and open shift claiming offer flexibility to employees, ensuring optimal coverage and controlled labor costs. Managers and employees can easily manage their schedules from our mobile app to ensure the appropriate shift coverage.
Time Collection
 – Our wide variety of time collection devices include kiosks, state-of-the-art time clocks, mobile and web applications, and even smartwatches to meet unique needs of different companies while enabling employees to clock in wherever business is conducted. Advanced features include specifying geographic parameters for mobile punch-in, answering attestation prompts and other health and safety checks. 
Talent
Recruiting
 – Our Recruiting tools help clients find the right candidates by offering intuitive tools to streamline talent acquisition processes from application creation to candidate acceptance. HR professionals can reach more candidates by automatically posting to online job portals and enabling candidates to apply via QR code or text message. To promote an inclusive culture, clients can activate masking of certain candidate details to reduce bias. Additionally, our solution provides clients with the ability to auto-fill and simplify background checks, maintain and track personal and confidential data, and have real-time access to candidate information to enable timely staffing decisions. Scheduling is simple with Outlook and Google Calendar integrations and self-scheduling functionality for candidates, and recruiters can communicate with modern candidates in the ways they expect, including one-way video interviews and email and text messaging from right within our platform.
Onboarding
 – Our Onboarding tools enable new employees to complete all pre-hire tasks through digital data collection to gather important personal and confidential information and documentation right through our platform. Clients can streamline processes such as handbook acknowledgment, tax withholding forms, I-9 document verification, E-Verify and many others. Additionally, new hires feel an instant connection to their team and employer with welcome notes from leaders, introductory videos, company culture information and company policies. 
Market Pay
 – Market Pay provides real time insights for HR, leaders and managers making it easy for them to understand their local market, identify trends, and make data-driven decisions about employee compensation so they can pay employees fairly, outpace competitors to attract and retain top talent, and remain compliant with laws and regulations.
5
Table of Contents
Learning 
– Our Learning tools allow clients to easily assign courses tailored to training their employees on new skills, policies, products, and other topics with a variety of course delivery methods including on-demand and webinars, all of which are available via our mobile app. Our clients can create a variety of content for their employees including via a Sharable Content Object Reference Model (SCORM), embedded video and various document types. Custom content is supplemented by a library of hundreds of out-of-the-box trainings provided by Paylocity in areas like anti-harassment, workplace safety, diversity in recruiting and many more. Clients can also empower their employees to create trainings so that internal subject matter experts can share their expertise with colleagues. Our Learning tools also offer numerous diversity, equity, inclusion and accessibility courses to help ensure employees are educated to support a diverse workforce.
Performance
 – Our Performance tools enable transparent, two-way communication, allowing teams to have ongoing performance conversations. With the ability to manage employee review cycles at the center of the performance management solution, employees can also manage goals and track their career development. Our tools help facilitate ongoing, goals-driven conversations using Journals, giving employees a record of their tasks, goals and accomplishments. Additionally, our clients can prepare succession planning assessments across their employee population by using our 9-box tool that provides context to employees’ performance and the ability to visualize the distribution of their workforce.
Compensation 
– Our Compensation tools help clients align between organizational goals, budgets and participant eligibility in an efficient process that reduces manual effort and paper-based budgeting activities. Our customized dashboards provide visibility to individual performance and compensation history at custom permission levels and the full value of an employee’s compensation and benefits. Clients can create employee-facing Total Rewards Statements in bulk to demonstrate the full compensation an employee receives, including not just pay, but also benefits, time off, and more.
Benefits
Benefit Enrollment & Updates 
– Clients can plan and administer competitive benefits packages in one place while offering a smooth, mobile-friendly enrollment and management experience for employees with our tool. Benefit administrators can add enrollment rules, manage benefit offerings for different employee groups, customize user plan limits, and view plan documentation, among other features. Employees can experience a guided enrollment experience with AI-powered Benefit Decision Support and can manage their own elections and account balances in desktop or via the mobile app. 
Clients can also use embedded experiences like notifications and training to help employees stay apprised of important dates and understand the benefit options available to them. 
Third-Party Administrative (TPA) Solutions
 – Our TPA solutions are designed to modernize the administration of HSA, FSA, Health Reimbursement Arrangement (HRA), Transportation Management Account (TMA) and Premium Only Plan (POP) benefits by providing users with a single, unified access point for payroll, HR, and benefits administration. Our TPA solutions include mobile and web access, allowing users to view transaction details and account balances while having the ability to submit claims from our integrated employee portal. These solutions also ease the administration of COBRA coverage and retiree billing.
6
Table of Contents
Employee Experiences
Community
 – 
Community is an integrated part of our platform that streamlines communication and fosters a culture of engagement not possible with broadcast emails, antiquated intranets or break room bulletin boards. It empowers clients to engage all employees—even those that are remote, on-the-go or do not have corporate email, which remains critical in the current era of hybrid work. With Community, clients can optimize “broadcast” communications with a company feed that streamlines announcements into a single location. Announcements can be managed, sent and tracked with an intuitive dashboard. Clients can support their employees at scale with Ask an Expert groups where employees can pose questions to designated group experts who manage questions from a dashboard.
 Community also offers premium capabilities such as one-to-one and one-to many chat functionality to improve real-time communication; the ability to upload, create, edit, and share files; the automatic creation of team groups for supervisors and direct reports; updated user profiles allowing employees to list interests, team members, education, skills or hobbies and enhanced directory and search capability to easily find, follow and engage with co-workers. 
Video
 – Our Video tools provide clients the ability to record, upload and embed videos across our HCM platform to increase collaboration, morale, engagement and productivity. Clients can embed videos seamlessly into tasks that are critical to their business such as leadership announcements, job postings, onboarding, performance journals, surveys and more. 
Employee Voice
 – Employee Voice helps clients automatically and continuously collect feedback that is indicative of employee engagement and retention. AI-generated sentiment summaries synthesize feedback alongside dashboards and heatmaps that make it simple to understand feedback at scale.

It also includes the tools to share relevant insights with leadership and managers and create action plans to drive accountability.
Recognition & Rewards
 – Recognition & Rewards allows clients to drive engagement and retention via a frictionless experience embedded throughout our platform. Managers and peer employees can provide direct recognition and reward for outstanding performance and impact with monetary awards and digital gift cards, seamlessly processed through our integrated payroll and tax platform. Administrators retain full control and visibility into how rewards are funded and distributed, ensuring alignment with company culture, objectives, budgets and policies. 
Modern Workforce Index
 – 
Leveraging data from more than 
41,650
 clients, our patent-pending Modern Workforce Index (MWI) puts sophisticated AI into an HR intelligence dashboard that gives clients insight into employee sentiment, performance metrics, and engagement. With MWI, clients can identify gaps and receive insightful, actionable recommendations on improving their organization’s health by increasing employee productivity and reducing turnover.

Data Insights
 – With our Data Insights solution, our clients can evaluate the health of their organizations with actionable insights in areas such as headcount, turnover, labor costs and composition of their employee populations so they can customize, fund and deploy strategies to support diverse employees and identify needs of underrepresented groups.
Reporting
 – Clients can build and customize reports within our platform. We also offer hundreds of standard reports that clients can use as is or adjust to suit their needs. New reports are added regularly in response to regulatory changes, compliance updates and client feedback.
Paylocity for Finance
Headcount Planning
 – Headcount Planning centralizes staffing plans, approvals and forecasts into a streamlined                                  process. Finance, HR, and hiring managers can collaborate in real time using customizable workflows, visibility controls, and dynamic organizational charts to track and update headcount plans as business needs evolve. With integrated analytics and automated notifications, clients can monitor budget versus forecast, drill down into specific teams or roles, open approved roles, and stay ahead of staffing needs. 
Expense Management – 
Expense Management provides AI-powered expense reports with real-time policy enforcement, categorization, and compliance. 
7
Table of Contents
Accounts Payable Automation 
– AI-powered AP Automation automates every step of the AP process, from vendor onboarding and invoice processing to bill coding, approvals, payments, syncing to the ERP, and reconciliation. 
Corporate Cards 
–

Corporate Cards enables clients to issue virtual or physical cards with built-in controls and real-time tracking, while integrating with existing credit card programs to provide centralized visibility and control of all card spend. 
Guided Procurement 
– Guided Procurement centralizes purchase requests with automated workflows to ensure compliance, efficiency, and collaboration across finance, procurement, HR, and business stakeholders such as IT and Legal. 
Client Support Teams
We supplement our comprehensive software platform with an integrated implementation and client service organization with deep subject matter expertise. Our core operation consists of various specialists, including implementation teams, account managers, payroll processing and tax service teams. Delivering a positive experience and a high level of support is an essential element of our ability to sell our solutions and retain clients.
Implementation and Training Services
Our clients are typically either migrating to our platform from a competitive solution or are adopting their first online HCM, payroll or spend management solution. These organizations often have limited internal resources and rely on us to implement their solutions. We typically implement our product suite within one to eight weeks, depending on the size and complexity of the client. Each client is guided through the implementation process by our knowledgeable consultants for all implementation matters. We believe our ability to rapidly implement our solutions is principally due to the combination of our emphasis on engagement with the client, our standardized methodology, our cloud-based architecture and our highly configurable, easy-to-use products.
We offer clients the opportunity to utilize on-demand or in-class training designed to provide them with general knowledge on our solutions. We also host an annual conference for our clients to allow them to learn about new products and features and to provide feedback and learn best practices.
Client Service
Our client service model is designed to serve and support the needs of our clients and to build loyalty by developing strong relationships with them. We strive to achieve high revenue retention, in part, by delivering high-quality service. Our revenue retention was greater than 92% in each of fiscal 2023, 2024 and 2025. Each client is assigned an account management team that serves as the central point of contact for any questions or support needs. We believe this approach enhances client service by providing them with knowledgeable resources who understand their businesses, respond quickly, and are accountable for the overall client experience. Account managers are supplemented by teams with deep technical and subject matter expertise who help to expediently and effectively address client needs. We also proactively solicit client feedback through ongoing surveys from which we receive actionable feedback that we use to enhance our client service processes. We have also built an online knowledge repository for clients that provides industry content and Paylocity product and service information.
Tax and Regulatory Services
Our software contains a rules engine designed to make accurate federal, state, and local tax calculations that is continually updated to support all pertinent legislative changes across U.S. jurisdictions with the support of our tax compliance professionals. Our tax service teams provide a variety of solutions to clients, including processing payroll tax deposits, preparing and filing quarterly and annual employment tax returns and amendments and resolving client employment tax notices. Our tax filing and compliance departments perform multiple audits to allow clients to remit timely and accurate tax payments. In addition, a series of audit routines are run to ensure that quarterly tax filings are accurate and submitted on a timely basis. 
8
Table of Contents
Clients
Excluding clients acquired through acquisitions, as of June 30, 2025, we provided our HCM, payroll and spend management software solutions to approximately 41,650 clients, across the U.S. The rate at which we add clients is variable period-to-period and is also seasonal, as many clients switch solutions during the first calendar quarter of the year. Clients include for-profit and non-profit organizations across industries including business services, financial services, healthcare, manufacturing, restaurants, retail, technology and others. For each of the three years ended June 30, 2023, 2024 and 2025, no client accounted for more than 1% of our revenues.
Sales and Marketing
We market and sell our products and services through our direct sales force. Our direct sales force includes sales representatives who have defined geographic territories throughout the U.S. We seek to hire experienced sales representatives wherever they are located and believe we have room to grow the number of sales representatives in each of our territories.
The sales cycle begins with a sales lead generated by the sales representative, through our third-party referral network, a client referral, our telemarketing team, our external website, marketing lead generation strategies or other territory-based activities. We support our sales force with a marketing program that includes seminars and webinars, email marketing, social media marketing, broker events and web marketing. 
Referral Network
We have developed a strong network of referral participants, such as 401(k) advisors, benefits administrators, insurance brokers, third-party administrators, HR consultants and accountants that recommend our solutions and provide referrals. Our referral network has become an increasingly important component of our sales process, and in fiscal 2025, more than 25% of our new client revenue originated by referrals from participants in our referral network.
We believe participants in our referral network refer potential clients to us because of the strength of our products and services, the value we provide our referral partners through our broker portal, the fact that we do not provide services that compete with our referral networks, and because we offer third parties the ability to integrate their systems with our platform. Unlike other providers who also provide retirement plans, health insurance and other products and services competitive with the offerings of the participants in our referral network, we focus only on our core business of providing HCM, payroll and spend management solutions. In some cases, we have formalized relationships in which we are a recommended vendor of these participants. In other cases, the relationships are informal. We typically do not compensate these participants for referrals.
Marketplace
We have developed a partner ecosystem of third-party systems, such as 401(k), benefits and insurance provider systems, with whom we provide automated data integration for their clients. These third-party providers require certain financial, payroll and other employee demographic information from their clients to efficiently provide their respective services. After securing authorization from the client, we exchange data with these providers. In turn, these third-party providers supply data to us, which allows us to deliver comprehensive HR and benefit management services to our clients. We believe our partnerships with these third parties are an important part of their service offerings. We have also developed our solutions to integrate with a variety of other systems used by our clients, such as accounting, point of sale, banking, expense management, recruiting, background screening and skills assessment solutions. 
Paylocity’s automated data integration reduces the complexity and risk of error of manual data transfers and saves clients and employees time. Direct and automated data transmission improves the accuracy of data and facilitates data collection in partners’ systems. Having automated data integration with an HCM, payroll and spend management provider differentiates partners’ product offerings, strengthening their competitive positioning in their own markets.
9
Table of Contents
Technology
We offer our solutions on a cloud-based platform that leverages a unified architecture and a common code base that we organically developed. Clients do not need to install our software in their data centers and can access our solutions through any mobile device or web browser with Internet access.
•
Multi-Tenant Architecture. 
Our software solutions were designed with a multi-tenant architecture. This architecture gives us an advantage over many disparate traditional systems, which are less flexible and require longer and more costly development and upgrade cycles.
•
Mobile Focused. 
We employ mobile-centric principles in our solution design and development. We believe that the increasing mobility of employees heightens the importance of access to our solutions through mobile devices, including smart phones and tablets. Our mobile experience provides our clients and their employees with access to our solutions through nearly any device having Internet access. We bring the flexibility of a secure, cloud-based solution to users without the need to access a traditional desktop or laptop computer.
•
Security. 
We maintain comprehensive security programs designed to protect the security and integrity of client and employee data, protect against security threats or data breaches and prevent unauthorized access. We regulate and limit all access to servers and networks at our data centers. Our systems are monitored for irregular or suspicious activity, and we have dedicated internal staff perform security assessments for each release. Our systems undergo regular penetration testing and source code reviews by an independent third-party security firm.
We use multiple cloud hosting and third-party data center providers to host our solutions, including data centers in Franklin Park, Illinois and Kenosha, Wisconsin (for backup and disaster recovery). We supply the hardware infrastructure and are responsible for the ongoing maintenance of our equipment at all data center locations.
Competition
The market for HCM and payroll solutions is both fragmented and highly competitive. Our competitors vary for each of our solutions and primarily include payroll and HR service and software providers, such as Automatic Data Processing, Inc., Dayforce, Inc., Paychex, Inc., Paycom Software, Inc., Ultimate Kronos Group and other local and regional providers.
We believe the principal factors on which we compete in our market include the following:
•
Solutions built to connect with today’s modern workforce;
•
Comprehensive product suite on a single platform;
•
Breadth and depth of product functionality;
•
Configurability and ease of use of our solutions;
•
Modern, mobile, intuitive and consumer-oriented user experience;
•
Benefits of a cloud-based technology platform;
•
Ability to innovate and respond to client needs rapidly;
•
Domain expertise in HCM and payroll;
•
Quality of implementation and client service;
•
Ease of implementation;
•
Real-time web-based payroll processing; and
10
Table of Contents
•
Access to a wide variety of complementary third-party service providers.
We believe that we compete favorably on these factors and our ability to remain competitive will largely depend on the success of our continued investment in sales and marketing, research and development and implementation and client services.
Research and Development
We invest heavily in research and development to continuously introduce new modules, technologies, features and functionality. We are organized in small product-centric teams that utilize an agile development methodology. We focus our efforts on developing new modules and core technologies and on further enhancing the usability, functionality, reliability, performance and flexibility of existing modules.
Research and development costs, including research and development costs that were capitalized, were $219.6 million, $253.9 million and $281.7 million for the years ended June 30, 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively. 
Intellectual Property
Our success is dependent, in part, on our ability to protect our proprietary technology and other intellectual property rights. We rely on a combination of trade secrets, copyrights and trademarks, as well as contractual protections to establish and protect our intellectual property rights. We require our employees, consultants and other third parties to enter into confidentiality and proprietary rights agreements and control access to software, documentation and other proprietary information. Although we rely on laws respecting intellectual property rights, including trade secret, copyright and trademark laws, as well as contractual protections to establish and protect our intellectual property rights, we believe that factors such as the technological and creative skills of our personnel, creation of new modules, features and functionality and frequent enhancements to our modules are the most essential means to establishing and maintaining our technology leadership position.
Governmental Regulation
As a provider of HCM, payroll and spend management software solutions, our platform contains a significant amount of sensitive data related to clients, employees of our clients, business partners and our employees. Data privacy represents a major risk for organizations globally, including those in the United States. The global regulatory landscape for data privacy is rapidly evolving and is expected to continue doing so for the foreseeable future. Many national, state and local government bodies have adopted or are considering adopting laws and regulations related to the collection, use and disclosure of personal information. In the United States, these include rules and regulations promulgated under the authority of the Federal Trade Commission, the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (“HIPAA”), state breach notification laws, and state privacy laws, such as the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) and the Illinois Biometric Information Privacy Act (“BIPA”). Because we and some of our clients have international operations and employees, the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) and other international data privacy laws also impact certain aspects of our processing of client and employee information.
Many of our solutions are designed to help clients in complying with applicable U.S. federal, state and local laws and regulations. Consequently, our products and services may be subject to increasing and evolving regulatory requirements, including those related to tax, benefit and other laws. As these requirements proliferate, we may be required to modify our products and services to maintain compliance. These regulatory changes could reduce or eliminate the need for some of our products and services, hinder our development of new products and services, or adversely affect the functionality and acceptance of our solutions. This could in turn impose additional costs to comply, modify, or further develop our products and services. Additionally, it could also increase the costs or time needed to introduce new products and services or even prevent their introduction altogether. For example, the adoption of new money transmitter or money services business statutes in jurisdictions, or changes in regulators’ interpretation of statutes, could require us to register, obtain licenses, or limit our business activities until we secure the appropriate licenses. 
Our ability to comply with and address these evolving requirements and regulations applicable to our business depends on several factors, including the functionality and design of our solutions and how our clients and their employees use them. We have implemented established frameworks and policies and procedures to protect the accuracy, privacy and security of the information we handle for our employees and on behalf of our clients and their employees. Additionally, we 
11
Table of Contents
voluntarily undergo periodic audits and examinations and maintain certain certifications to demonstrate our commitment to regulatory compliance.
The foregoing description does not provide an exhaustive list of the laws and regulations governing or impacting our business. See the discussion contained in the “Risk Factors” section in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for information regarding changes in laws and regulations that could have a materially adverse effect on our business, operating results or financial condition.
Human Capital
As a leading provider of cloud-based HCM, payroll and spend management software solutions, we are committed to delivering the most modern suite of solutions that drive employee engagement and a more connected culture for both our clients and our employees. Our senior executive team, together with our board of directors, drives our human capital strategy, which includes key initiatives related to our employees and company culture. 
As of June 30, 2025, our workforce consisted of approximately 6,700 employees that were primarily located in the United States and employed on a full-time basis.
Culture & Engagement
At Paylocity, we strive to be an organization where every employee feels welcomed and is empowered to do their best work. Our core values drive our culture – we believe in earning it every day, that growth fuels opportunity, thinking next generation, living the reputation, and being unbeatable together. Our core values serve as the foundation from which we create an engaging culture for our employees, how we train and develop our teams and how we identify the right talent for our organization. Our approach to drive a strong culture and employee engagement has been validated externally as Paylocity has been named Forbes America’s Most Trusted Companies 2025, Newsweek America’s Greatest Workplace for Diversity 2025, Fortune Best Workplaces in Technology 2025, Time Best Midsize Companies 2025, Built In Best Places to Work 2025 and was also Great Place To Work certified on multiple occasions.
We also support a number of employee resource groups (“ERGs”) including PCTY Equality, PCTY OneWorld, PCTY Sheroes, PCTY Sustainability, and PCTY Mental Health. Each of these groups is organized to give employees the chance to build community and connections, voice their ideas and perspectives, personally develop and grow, and shape our culture to make a difference at work and in our local communities. 
Learning & Development
We are committed to creating industry leading talent development and leadership programs that support the professional growth of our employees. We were named a 2025 BEST Awards organization by the Association for Talent Development. We offer professional development courses to all employees including topics like preparing for an interview, building a career path, as well as leadership topics like delegation and leading a hybrid team. Through our internally developed Learning tool with Video, we enable employees to share knowledge through self-recorded sessions, which complement our library consisting of hundreds of internal courses. 
We continue to invest in our employees by providing development opportunities through various training programs such as our new professional development program that prepares our operations team members for the next level of their career by providing role-specific training and skills needed to progress and our sales training program that equips our sales force to succeed in an increasingly competitive landscape. We also offer leadership programs that give newly hired or first-time people leaders foundational leadership skills, including how to coach employee performance, document performance conversation, handle situations involving HR employment law and other leadership skills crucial to their specific function. These development programs, combined with our strong culture, increasingly results in our employees stepping into larger roles within the organization.
Talent Acquisition & Compensation
We focus diligently on attracting top candidates that can help us achieve our short and long-term goals as an organization. Our philosophy of “talent anywhere” focuses on identifying the right individuals for our business, regardless of where they are located geographically. For Paylocity, the right talent is someone who embodies our values, has an innate curiosity to learn and grow with our business, and has a diverse perspective on how best to accomplish our goals. 
12
Table of Contents
Our compensation approach is centered around a philosophy that allows us to compete for and retain the right talent to grow our organization, while being consistent and equitable. Our total rewards program includes competitive pay, a restricted stock program, an employee stock purchase program, market competitive retirement benefits, paid time off and many other benefits. We offer employees the ability to receive a portion of earned wages before the end of the payroll cycle through our On-Demand Payment product as well as financial planning resources and refinancing options with top institutions. We partner with best-in-class organizations to ensure that we utilize the most current data to serve as a foundation of our compensation strategy.
We are also committed to supporting the health and well-being of our employees and offer a multitude of resources to assist in these efforts. In addition to traditional benefit offerings, we provide all employees with innovative perks and benefits, such as paid parental leave, adoption assistance, employer-paid short term disability, health advocacy services, paid time off to volunteer, tuition reimbursement, mental health support, fertility treatment, family planning services and many others. 
PCTY Gives
Giving back to our communities takes many forms at Paylocity. Through PCTY Gives, we mobilize our technology, people and resources across the country through in-kind donations, our Elevate Your Passions (“EYP”) Grant Program, paid time-off to volunteer, signature program funding, corporate sponsored volunteerism and many other initiatives. To support our employees and their communities, we donate to charities nominated by our employees through the EYP program. In addition to local charities, Paylocity partners with national organizations such as Girls Who Code, American Red Cross, and National Alliance on Mental Illness. To support the children and dependents of Paylocity employees, the Peter J. McGrail Scholarship program, named after our late CFO, provides higher education tuition assistance for selected participants.
Available Information
Our Internet address is www.paylocity.com and our investor relations website is located at http://investors.paylocity.com. We make available free of charge on our investor relations website under the heading “Financials” our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after such materials are electronically filed with (or furnished to) the SEC. Information contained on our websites is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition, the SEC maintains an Internet site, www.sec.gov, that includes filings of and information about issuers that file electronically with the SEC.