Item 3.
Legal Proceedings
18
Item 4.
Mine Safety Disclosures
19
PART II
Item 5.
Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
20
Item 6.
Reserved
20
Item 7.
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
21
Item 7A.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
34
Item 8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
35
Item 9.
Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
35
Item 9A.
Controls and Procedures
35
Item 9B.
Other Information
36
Item 9C.
Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections
36
PART III
Item 10.
Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
37
Item 11.
Executive Compensation
37
Item 12.
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
37
Item 13.
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
37
Item 14.
Principal Accountant Fees and Services
37
PART IV
Item 15.
Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules
38
Item 16.
Form 10-K Summary
40
Table of Contents
PART I
Forward-Looking Statements
This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the “safe harbor” provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements other than those that are purely historical are forward-looking statements which reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial performance.
These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, discussions about future financial and operating results, including: expected benefits from any divestiture transaction; disruption to the parties’ business as a result of the announcement or completion of any divestiture transaction; the Company's ability to successfully complete any planned divestiture; expected timing for the closing of any divestitures; expected proceeds from any divestiture; the intended use of proceeds by the Company from any divestiture transaction; impact of any divestiture transaction on the Company's stock price or EPS; growth expectations for maintenance products; expected levels of promotional and advertising spending; anticipated input costs for manufacturing and the costs associated with distribution of our products; plans for and success of product innovation, the impact of new product introductions on the growth of sales; anticipated results from product line extension sales; expected tax rates and the impact of tax legislation and regulatory action; changes in the political conditions or relations between the United States and other nations; changes in trade policies and tariffs and the impact therefrom; the impacts from inflationary trends; the impacts from supply chain constraints and supply chain disruptions; changes in interest rates; and forecasted foreign currency exchange rates and commodity prices. We undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are generally identified with words such as “believe,” “expect,” “intend,” “plan,” “project,” “could,” “may,” “aim,” “anticipate,” “target,” “estimate” and similar expressions. We undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements.
Actual events or results may differ materially from those projected in forward-looking statements due to various factors, including, but not limited to, those identified in Item 1A of this report. As used in this report, the terms “we,” “our,” “us” and the “Company” refer to WD-40 Company and its subsidiaries, unless the context suggests otherwise. Amounts and percentages in tables and discussions may not total due to rounding.