Item 3.

Legal Proceedings

47

Item 4.

Mine Safety Disclosures

48

PART II

Item 5.

Market for Registrant’s
    Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuers Purchases of Equity Securities

49

Item 6.

[Reserved]

49

Item 7.

Management’s Discussion
    and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation

50

Item 7A.

Quantitative and Qualitative
    Disclosure about Market Risk

61

Item 8.

Financial Statements and
    Supplementary Data

61

Item 9.

Changes in and Disagreements
    with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure

61

Item 9A.

Controls and Procedures

62

Item 9B.

Other Information

63

Item 9C.

Disclosure Regarding Foreign
    Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections

63

PART III

Item 10.

Directors, Executive Officers
    and Corporate Governance

64

Item 11.

Executive Compensation

70

Item 12.

Security Ownership of Certain
    Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters

92

Item 13.

Certain Relationships and
    Related Transactions and Director Independence

93

Item 14.

Principal Accounting Fees
    and Services

94

PART IV

Item 15.

Exhibits, Financial Statement
    Schedules

F-1

Item 16.

Form 10-K Summary

97

Signatures

98

i

EXPLANATORY NOTE

On February 9, 2024 (the “Closing
Date”), Gryphon Digital Mining, Inc., a Delaware corporation f/k/a Akerna Corp. (“Gryphon,” the “Company,”
“we,” “us” or “our”), consummated the previously announced business combination pursuant to that certain
Agreement and Plan of Merger by and between the Company, Akerna Merger Co., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (“Merger Sub”),
and Ivy Crypto, Inc. (formerly known as Gryphon Digital Mining, Inc.) (“Legacy Gryphon”), dated January 27, 2023, as amended
(the “Merger Agreement”), following approval thereof at a special meeting of the Company’s stockholders held on January
29, 2024 (the “Special Meeting”).

Pursuant to the terms of the
Merger Agreement, a business combination between the Company and Legacy Gryphon was effected through the merger of Merger Sub with and
into Legacy Gryphon, with Legacy Gryphon as the surviving company in the Merger, and after giving effect to such merger, continuing as
a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (the “Merger” and, together with the other transactions contemplated by the Merger
Agreement, the “Business Combination”). On the date of the closing (the “Closing”) of the Business Combination
(the “Closing Date”), the registrant changed its name from Akerna Corp. to Gryphon Digital Mining, Inc. Additionally, on the
Closing Date, immediately following the Closing, the Company sold its legacy business to MJ Acquisition Corp. pursuant to that certain
securities purchase agreement dated April 28, 2023, as amended (the “SPA”) by and among the Company, Akerna Canada Ample Exchange
Inc. and MJ Acquisition Corp.

Unless the context requires
otherwise, references to “Akerna” are to the Company prior to the Business Combination.

The Company’s common
stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the “Common Stock”), is listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market (“Nasdaq”) under
the symbol “GRYP.”

The audited financial statements
for the year ended December 31, 2023 included herein are those of Legacy Gryphon and its consolidated subsidiaries, which is considered
the Company’s account predecessor, prior to the Business Combination and the name change.

ii

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This Report (as defined below),
including, without limitation, statements under “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations,” includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act (as defined below) and
Section 21E of the Exchange Act (as defined below). These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology,
including the words “believes,” “estimates,” “anticipates,” “expects,” “intends,”
“plans,” “may,” “will,” “potential,” “projects,” “predicts,” “continue,”
or “should,” or, in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology. There can be no assurance that
actual results will not materially differ from expectations. Such statements include, but are not limited to, any statements relating
to our ability to consummate any acquisition or other Business Combination (as defined below) and any other statements that are not statements
of current or historical facts. These statements are based on management’s current expectations, but actual results may differ materially
due to various factors, including, but not limited to:

●
our need to, and difficulty
in, raising additional capital;

●
downturns in the Cryptocurrency
industry;

●
our ability to close anticipated
acquisitions, develop acquired assets and businesses, and achieve expected results of such acquisitions; he Cryptocurrency industry;

●
inflation;

●
increased interest rates;

●
the inability to procure needed
hardware;

●
the failure or breakdown of
mining equipment, or internet connection failure;

●
access to reliable and reasonably
priced electricity sources;

●
cyber-security threats;

●
our ability to obtain proper
insurance;

●
construction risks;

●
banks and other financial institutions
ceasing to provide services to our industry;

●
changes to the Bitcoin network’s
protocols and software;

●
the impact of artificial
intelligence on the economy, our industry and our business;

●
the unpredictable and volatile
nature of the market for artificial intelligence, as a result of rapid technological advancements, shifting regulatory landscapes and
fluctuating market expectations;

●
our ability to regain and maintain
compliance with the continued listing standards of the Nasdaq Capital Market;

●
the decrease in the incentive
to mine Bitcoin;

●
the increase of transaction
fees related to digital assets;

●
the fraud or security failures
of large digital asset exchanges;

●
future digital asset, technological
and digital currency development;

●
the regulation and taxation
of digital assets like Bitcoin; and

●
the other risks and uncertainties
discussed in “