Item 1. Business.

Corporate History and Background

Overview

Traditionally, Gryphon’s
revenue model was to mine and hold bitcoin, and then sell only the bitcoin necessary to pay its operating expenses and to reinvest in
operational expansion. Since September 2024, Gryphon has vigorously pursued a new strategy of acquiring and developing energy assets for
AI and high-performance computing (“HPC”) data center infrastructure. Gryphon’s strategy is to acquire power assets,
and then add electrification, infrastructure and computing power to those assets. See “—
Pending Acquisitions
”
below.

Founded in October 2020, Gryphon
is based in Las Vegas, Nevada. Gryphon commenced its digital assets mining operations in September 2021.

Gryphon operates approximately 9,660 bitcoin ASIC mining computers,
referred to as “miners,” from Bitmain Technologies Limited (“Bitmain”) that Gryphon has installed at third-party
hosted mining data centers located in New York and Pennsylvania. Revenue generated by the mining of bitcoin is measured on a dollar per
megawatt-hour (“MWh”) basis and is variable based on the price of Bitcoin, the measure of difficulty, transaction volume and
global hash rates.

Material Agreements

Blockfusion Agreement

On December 1, 2024, Gryphon
entered into a Co-Location Mining Services Agreement (the “Blockfusion Agreement”), with Blockfusion USA, Inc. (“Blockfusion”)
for hosting 3,780   of its bitcoin miners at Blockfusion’s facility in Niagara Falls, New York. Pursuant to the Blockfusion
Agreement, the Company is entitled to 12 MW of power at a cost of $156,000 per month, as well as certain other fees set forth in the agreement.
At signing, the Company paid an initial $156,000 facility fee. In addition, the Company will be required to (i) by January 31, 2025, maintain
a cash deposit or (ii) by January 27, 2025, an irrevocable standby letter of credit with Blockfusion’s energy provider, in each
case in the amount of $1,200,000. As of the filing date, the Company has not completed this payment and the amount is currently outstanding.
The Blockfusion Agreement has a term of twelve months and automatically renews for subsequent one-month terms, until terminated on thirty
days’ notice. Subsequent to December 31, 2024, the Company has delivered 3,996 bitcoin miners to Blockfusion.

Mawson Agreement

On January 3, 2025, Gryphon
entered into a Master Co-Location Agreement (the “Mawson Agreement”) with Mawson Hosting LLC (“Mawson”) with a
right to host up to 5,880 miners in Mawson’s facility in Midland, Pennsylvania. Pursuant to the Mawson Agreement, the Company is
entitled to 20 MW of power at a cost of approximately $23.50 per MW/hour paid monthly with a minimum fee of approximately $165,521 per
month, as well as certain other fees set forth in the agreement. The Mawson Agreement has an initial term of one year and may be terminated
on sixty days’ notice. Subsequent to December 31, 2024, the Company has delivered 6,719 bitcoin miners to Mawson.

BitGo Custodial Services Agreement

Pursuant to the BitGo Custodial
Services Agreement between BitGo Trust and Gryphon, dated October 1, 2021, BitGo Trust, through its custodial services enables Gryphon
to create one or more custody accounts, controlled and secured by BitGo Trust to store certain supported digital currencies and digital
tokens or certain fiat currencies such as dollars or euros. BitGo Trust also provides Gryphon with the option to create non-custodial
wallets that support certain digital assets via an API and web interface. Gryphon may also elect to store fiat currency with BitGo Trust.

1

The BitGo Custodial Services
Agreement had an initial term of one year. After the initial term, it automatically renews for successive one-year periods, unless either
party notifies the other of its intention not to renew at least 60 days prior to the expiration of the then-current term. Gryphon may
terminate the BitGo Custodial Services Agreement at any time for any reason upon 30 days’ prior written notice.

BitGo Trust’s cold wallets
are supported by a $250 million policy issued by Lloyd’s of London. Specifically, the policy covers: copying and theft of private
keys; insider theft or dishonest acts by BitGo employees or executives; and loss of keys. Any theft of assets directly related to BitGo
Trust’s custody of key would be covered by the policy. The policy does not cover cases where the client or a third party holds some
of the keys themselves (e.g. hot wallets), since BitGo Trust would not be solely responsible for protecting the keys.

BitGo Trust has established
a comprehensive set of controls governing the business processes and technology systems using industry standards and frameworks such as
NIST, CCSS,CIS, and FFIEC. In addition, these controls have been independently tested as part of our SOC 1 & SOC 2 (Type 2) reports.
Customers will decide upon which specific wallets are required based on their use case and they determine the portion of assets held in
hot or cold wallets. BitGo Trust holds keys to cold wallets in undisclosed locations. BitGo’s cold storage solution is housed at
undisclosed secure facilities. Any facilities that are co-located are secured by human guards and video surveillance, with 24x7 coverage.
All BitGo vaults and manned facilities are located within the United States.

BitGo vaults are restricted
from public access. BitGo follows role-based access controls and the principle of least privilege. Only individuals who have a specific
business need to complete their job function are granted access to client information. Insurance providers rely on our BitGo’s external
auditors to ensure that there is sufficient controls in place for accessing the vault and key material. BitGo maintains $250 million of
insurance coverage against loss, theft, and misuse in situations where BitGo holds all keys. As part of this coverage, BitGo’s insurance
underwriters have inspection rights associated with the crypto assets held in storage. All of the Company’s digital assets (100%)
are held in cold wallets. The Company does not utilize any hot wallets from BitGo.

BitGo has private key procedures
as well as the security and procedures in place for securing assets and in withdrawing and transferring assets. The BitGo ecosystem and
architecture for private key management includes the BitGo Platform, HSMs and modular services. The BitGo cold custody solution is built
on BitGo’s world class security to manage keys on behalf of our clients. BitGo only signs transactions that have been authorized
by its clients and follow the policies set by the account administrators. BitGo engages an external third-party auditor to verify the
digital assets it holds on a periodic basis. In addition, in the course of performing its annual audit of Gryphon’s financial statements,
Gryphon’s independent registered public accounting firm sends annual confirmation requests to BitGo to confirm Gryphon’s digital
assets held by BitGo. While neither Gryphon nor its insurance providers have any independent inspection rights associated with the digital
assets held by BitGo, BitGo’s insurer, Lloyd’s of London, does have inspection rights with respect to the digital assets that
BitGo holds.

Anchorage Loan Agreement

On
May 25, 2022, Anchorage entered into an Equipment Loan and Security Agreement (as amended on March 27, 2023, the “Anchorage Loan
Agreement”) with Gryphon Opco I LLC (“Gryphon Opco”), an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, pursuant to
which Anchorage loaned Gryphon Opco the principal amount of 933.333333 bitcoin (the “Anchorage Loan”). Gryphon Opco’s
obligations under the Anchorage Loan Agreement were secured by certain equipment and software rights of Gryphon Opco and were guaranteed
by Gryphon.

2

On
October 25, 2024, Gryphon, its direct and indirect subsidiaries, as applicable, and Anchorage entered into the Debt Repayment and Exchange
Agreement (the (“DPE Agreement”), Loan, Guaranty and Security Agreement (the “New Loan Agreement”), Form of Pre-Funded
Warrant and Form of $1.50 Warrant (together, the “New Anchorage Agreements”) to restructure the Anchorage Loan (the “Restructuring”)
and terminate the existing the Anchorage Loan Agreement. Pursuant to the New Anchorage Agreements, (i) approximately $9.1 million of the
Anchorage Loan was converted into shares of Common Stock, at an ascribed value of $1.10 per share, resulting in the issuance of 8,287,984
shares of Common Stock to Anchorage in a private placement pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act, (ii) approximately $3.9
million of the Anchorage Loan was converted into warrants to purchase 3,530,198 shares of Common Stock, which warrants are exercisable
immediately, have an unlimited term and an exercise price of $0.01 per share (the “Pre-Funded Warrants”), in a private placement
pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and (iii) the remaining $5 million of the Anchorage Loan was exchanged for a new $5
million loan (the “Restructured Loan”) pursuant to the New Loan Agreement.

Pursuant
to the New Loan Agreement:

●

the outstanding principal and interest are denominated in dollars;

●

the interest rate is 4.25% payable monthly;

●

Anchorage has been given a first priority lien on all of Gryphon and its subsidiaries’ assets;

●

covenants related to mining machine locations and covenant ratios in the Anchorage Loan Agreement have been removed; and

●

Anchorage may convert half of the outstanding principal at a price of $1.10 per share of Common Stock and the remaining half at a price of $1.50 per share of Common Stock.

The
New Loan Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and agreements by Gryphon, customary conditions to closing, indemnification
obligations of the Company and the purchasers, including for liabilities arising under the Securities Act, other obligations of the parties
and termination provisions. The representations, warranties and covenants contained in the Loan Agreement were made only for the purposes
of such agreements and as of specific dates, were solely for the benefit of the parties to such agreements, and may be subject to limitations
agreed upon by the contracting parties.

Pursuant
to the New Anchorage Agreements, Gryphon also issued Anchorage warrants to purchase 2,000,000 shares of Common Stock, which warrants are
exercisable immediately, will expire five years from the date of issuance and have an exercise price of $1.50 per share (the “$1.50
Warrants” and, together with the Pre-Funded Warrants, the “Warrants”)). The $1.50 Warrants were issued in a private
placement pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act.

The
Restructured Loan and the Warrants cannot be converted or exercised, respectively, if Anchorage (together with its affiliates) would beneficially
own in excess of 19.99% of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding as of the date of the New Anchorage Agreements after giving
effect to such conversion or exercise without the approval of Gryphon’s stockholders. Gryphon has agreed to seek such approval at
its next annual meeting of stockholders.

ATM Agreement

On
April 19, 2024, the Company entered into an At Market Issuance Sales Agreement (the “ATM Agreement”) with Ladenburg Thalmann& Co. Inc., Kingswood Investments, a division of Kingswood Capital Partners, LLC, PI Financial (US) Corp. and ATB Capital Markets
USA Inc. as agents (the “Sales Agents”), a Terms Agreement with Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc. (the “Terms Agreement”
and together with the ATM Agreement, the “Sales Agreement”), pursuant to which the Company may issue and sell shares of its
common stock, $0.0001 par value per share, having an aggregate offering price of up to $70,000,000 (the “Shares”), from time
to time through or to the Sales Agents (the “Offering”). The Sales Agreement also included B. Riley Securities, Inc. (“B.
Riley Securities”) as a Sales Agent thereunder, and pursuant to the existing terms of the Sales Agreement, the Company and B. Riley
Securities, mutually agreed pursuant to a notice of termination, dated May 30, 2024, that B. Riley Securities would no longer participate
as agent or principal in the offering thereunder. 

3

Sales
of the Shares under the Sales Agreement can be made by any method, whether on an agency or principal basis, that is deemed an “at
the market offering” as defined in Rule 415 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”).
The Company has the right, but not the obligation, from time to time at its sole discretion to direct Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc.
on any trading day to act on a principal basis and purchase up to an aggregate maximum of $20,000,000 of shares of our common stock over
the term of the Sales Agreement, provided, however, that such amount may be increased up to $40,000,000 at the sole discretion of Ladenburg,
as set forth in the Terms Agreement. However, only one principal sale, up to a total of $2,000,000, may be requested in either a calendar
week or every five trading days, whichever is longer, unless otherwise agreed to by Ladenburg. All shares sold to Ladenburg Thalmann &
Co. Inc. on a principal basis shall be distributed to them by any method permitted by law deemed to be an “at the market”
offering as defined in Rule 415 of the Securities Act. During any period that Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc. is holding shares as principal,
the Company will not make any other sales under the Sales Agreement (including under any Terms Agreement).

The
Company will pay each Sales Agent a commission for their services in acting as sales agents in the sale of the Shares at a commission
rate equal to 3.0% of the gross proceeds from each sale of the Shares. The Company has agreed to provide the Sales Agents with customary
indemnification and contribution rights. The Company will also reimburse the Sales Agents for certain specified expenses as set forth
in the Sales Agreement.

The
Company is not obligated to make any sales of the Shares under the Sales Agreement. The offering of Shares pursuant to the Sales Agreement
will terminate upon the earlier of (a) the sale of all of the Shares subject to the Sales Agreement or (b) the termination of the Sales
Agreement as permitted therein. The termination of the Sales Agreement by, or with respect to, one Sales Agent shall not affect the rights
and obligations of any other Sales Agent under the Sales Agreement.

Pending Acquisitions

Captus

On
January 8, 2025, the Company and 2670786 Alberta Ltd., a Canadian corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into
a Share and Unit Purchase Agreement (the “Captus Agreement”) with BTG Energy Corp., a Canadian corporation (“BTG Energy”),
BTG Power Corp., a Canadian corporation (“BTG Power”) and West Lake Energy Corp., a Canadian corporation (“West Lake,”
and together with BTG Energy and BTG Power, the “Vendors”). Pursuant to the Captus Agreement, the Company will acquire from
the Vendors all of the issued and outstanding shares or units, as applicable, of (i) Captus Generation Ltd. (“Captus GP”)
and BowArk Energy Ltd., each a Canadian corporation, and (ii) Captus General Limited Partnership, a Canadian limited partnership (collectively
“Captus Energy,” and the transactions contemplated by the Captus Agreement, the “Captus Acquisition”).

Captus GP owns 850 acres in
Pincher Creek, Alberta (the “Captus Site”). The acreage contains characteristics management considers to be highly suitable
for the development of AI HPC. These characteristics include: 1) redundant natural gas lines, 2) grid connectivity, 3) a deplete reservoir
that can be used for onsite carbon sequestration, 4) access to non-potable water and 5) proximity to telecom connectivity. Gryphon intends
to develop the site for revenue producing activities. See “—
Strategy
—
Captus and AI HPC
.”

The
aggregate consideration payable by the Company to the Vendors is CAD $24.0 million (the “Cash Consideration”), subject to
adjustment in accordance with the terms of the Captus Agreement. In November 2024, the Company paid a cash deposit of CAD $200,000 to
Captus GP for the benefit of the Vendors (the “LOI Cash Deposit”). Within two business days of the date of the Captus Agreement,
the Company paid a cash deposit of CAD $1.0 million to Captus GP for the benefit of the Vendors (the “Signing Cash Deposit,”
and together with the LOI Cash Deposit, the “Cash Deposits”). The Cash Deposits may be applied towards the payment of the
Cash Consideration in accordance with the terms of the Captus Agreement, and the remainder of the Cash Consideration will be paid by the
Company upon closing.

The
transaction remains subject to certain conditions, including the transfer and assignment of certain agreements from the Vendors to the
Company. Pending approval by the Alberta Energy Regulator, BTG Energy and West Lake will hold certain well, pipeline and facility licenses
in trust for an agreed fee.

4

In
connection with the Captus Agreement, on January 8, 2025, as a material inducement to their agreeing to become employees of the Company,
the Company granted a restricted stock award to each of Harry Andersen, Paul Connolly, Mark Taylor and Steve Giacomin (collectively, the
“Restricted Stock Awards”). The Restricted Stock Awards were intended to constitute “employment inducement awards”
under the Nasdaq Stock Market Rules.

Each
of the Restricted Stock Awards vests in three equal installments on the first three anniversaries of the grant date subject to the grantee’s
continued engagement with the Company through each applicable vesting date, provided however, that the Restricted Stock Awards will accelerate
and vest immediately upon the grantee’s death, disability, termination by the Company without “cause” (as defined in
each Restricted Stock Award agreement), or the consummation of a change in control of the Company.

Giga

On August 16, 2024, Giga Caddo, LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company (“Seller”), and the Company entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement (the “Giga Purchase Agreement”),

pursuant to which Seller agreed to sell: (i) four (4) natural gas generators with a combined gas
standby rating of 1,900 kW, (ii) five hundred and sixty-six (566) bitcoin ASIC mining computers with a combined hashrate capacity of approximately
57,120 TH/s, (iii) six (6) Giga Box Air modular data center units with a combined power capacity of 2,900 kW and (iv) certain other crypto
mining equipment and related assets to be agreed by the parties.

On August 29, 2024 the Company entered into an amendment to the Giga
Purchase Agreement with the Seller (the “Amendment”). The Amendment amended the deadline for the closing date of the Transaction
from August 31, 2024 to September 30, 2024. In connection with the extension of the closing date, the Company agreed to make an additional
advance payment of $250,000 to the Seller. As a result of this additional advance payment, the parties agreed that the Third Payment and
Final Payment (as defined in the Giga Purchase Agreement) will each be reduced to $575,000. For the avoidance of doubt, the total purchase
price remains $1,500,000. The parties further agreed that out of the pre-paid amounts in connection with the Transaction, $100,000 will
not be refundable to the Company if the Giga Purchase Agreement is terminated prior to the closing date, except to the extent such termination
is the result of the Seller’s breach of the Giga Purchase Agreement, in which case all pre-paid amounts shall be refunded to the
Company. As of December 31, 2024, the Giga Acquisition was not completed.

Competition

In digital asset mining, companies
and individuals use computing power to solve cryptographic algorithms to record and publish transactions to blockchain ledgers or provide
transaction verification services to the Bitcoin network in exchange for digital asset rewards. Miners can range from individual enthusiasts
to professional mining operations with dedicated data centers. Miners may organize themselves in mining pools. We compete or may in the
future compete with other companies that focus all or a portion of their activities on owning or operating digital asset exchanges, developing
programming for the blockchain, and mining activities. Currently, the information concerning the activities of these enterprises is not
readily available as the vast majority of the participants in this sector do not publish information publicly or the information may be
unreliable. While there is limited available information regarding non-public competitors, several public companies (traded in the United
States or internationally), such as the following, are considered our competitors:

●

Marathon Digital Holdings Inc.;

●

Riot Blockchain Inc.,

●

Hive Blockchain Technologies Ltd.,

5

●

Hut 8 Mining Corp.,

●

BitDigital, and

●

Bitfarms Ltd.

The digital asset mining industry
is a highly competitive and evolving industry and new competitors and/or emerging technologies could enter the market and affect our competitiveness
in the future.

Competitive Advantages

 Gryphon believes its
primary competitive advantage is its ability to identify market trends and move quickly and opportunistically. In 2024 and early 2025,
the Company:

1)
entered into New Anchorage Loan;

2)
raised equity round in a registered direct offering;

3)
signed the Captus Agreement; and

4)
closed $16 million secured convertible debt offering to fund Captus Acquisition.

The Company will continue
to evaluate market opportunities and move opportunistically.

Strategy

Mining

Traditionally, Gryphon has
used a hosting strategy that allows the company to concentrate the deployment of its capital towards bitcoin mining activities as opposed
to building its own datacenters. Gryphon has partnered with host providers that provide power for its bitcoin mining.

On December 1, 2024, the Company
entered into a cohosting location agreement with Blockfusion, located in Niagara Falls, New York. The Company’s agreement with Blockfusion
provides for direct cost pass through of electricity costs and other operating costs at this facility. Gryphon uses approximately 12MW
of electricity at this site to host approximately 3,780 bitcoin mining machines.

Subsequent to December 31,
2024, on January 3, 2025, the Company entered into a cohosting location agreement with Mawson, located in Midland, Pennsylvania. The Company’s
agreement with Mawson provides for direct cost pass through of electricity costs and other operating costs at this facility. Gryphon uses
approximately 20MW of electricity at this site to host approximately 5,880 bitcoin mining machines.

As of December 31, 2024, Gryphon’s
miner fleet is composed of 7,128 S19j Pro Antminers, 552 S19k Pro Antminers, 276 S21 Antminers and 878 S19j Pro + Antminers. The S19j
Pro Antminers have a hashrate capacity of approximately 100 TH/s per miner and power consumption of approximately 3,050 watts per miner.
The S19k Pro Antminers have a hashrate capacity of approximately 120 TH/s per miner and power consumption of approximately 2,760 watts
per miner. The S21 Antminers have a hashrate capacity of 200 TH/s and power consumption of 3,500 watts per miner. The S19j Pro + Antminers
have a hashrate capacity of 120 TH/s and power consumption of 3,355 watts per miner. The Company’s operations will continue to expand
as it acquires additional miners to the extent that opportunities for such acquisitions arise.

6

The Company has entered into
a contract with a digital asset mining pool operator to provide the service of performing hash computations for the mining pool operator.
The contract is terminable at any time for any reason by either party without cause and without penalty and the Company’s enforceable
right to compensation only begins when the Company provides the service of performing hash computations for the mining pool operator.
The contract is for a continuous 24-hour period each day. The Company’s access and usage rights to the pool and service automatically
renew for a successive 24-hour period (00:00:00 UTC and 23:59:59 UTC) unless terminated in accordance with the terms set forth by the
terms of service. In exchange for performing hash computations for the mining pool, Gryphon is entitled to a fractional share of the fixed
cryptocurrency award the mining pool operator receives (less digital asset transaction fees to the mining pool operator which netted as
a reduction of the transaction price). Gryphon’s fractional share is based on the proportion of hash computations Gryphon performed
for the mining pool operator to the total hash computations contributed by all mining pool participants in solving the current algorithm
during the 24-hour period. Hashrate is the measure of the computational power per second used when mining. It is measured in units of
hash per second, meaning how many calculations per second that can be performed. The consideration the Company will receive, comprised
of block rewards, transaction fees less mining pool operator fees are aggregated in a sub-balance account held by the mining pool operator.
That balance, due to the Company, is calculated by the mining pool operator based on the hashrate provided and hash computations completed
by the Company for the mining pool from midnight-to-midnight (00:00:00 UTC and 23:59:59 UTC) UTC time, and a sub-account balance is credited
one hour later at 1AM UTC time. The balance is then withdrawn to the Company’s whitelisted wallet address, once a day, between the
hours of 9am to 5pm UTC time. The rate of payment occurs once per day, as long as the minimum payout threshold of 0.01 bitcoin has accumulated
in the sub-account balance, in accordance with the mining pool operator’s terms of service. Pursuant to ASC 606-10-55-42, the Company
assessed if the customer’s option to renew represented a material right that represents a separate performance obligation and noted
the renewal is not a material right. The definition of a material right is a promise in a contract to provide goods or services to a customer
at a price that is significantly lower than the stand-alone selling price of the good or service. The mining pool operator does not provide
any discounts and as such there is no economic benefit to the customer and as such a separate performance obligation does not exist under
606-10-55-42. In addition, there are no options for renewal that are separately identifiable from other promises in the contract such
as an ability to extend the contract at a reduced price.

The performance obligation
of the Bitcoin miner under the mining contracts with Foundry Pool USA involves the service of performing hash computations to facilitate
the verification of digital asset transactions. The Company’s miners contribute computing power (i.e. hashrate) that perform hash
calculations to the mining pool operator, engaging in the process of validating and securing transactions through the generation of cryptographic
hashes. The mining pool then utilizes a specific mining algorithm (e.g. SHA-256) to submit shares (proofs of work) to the mining pool’s
server as they contribute to solving the cryptographic puzzles required to mine a block. The Company reviews and analyzes its individual
pool performance using a dashboard provided by Foundry Pool USA that includes real-time statistics on hashrate, shares submitted and earnings.
The service of performing hash computations in digital asset transaction verification services is an output of the Company’s ordinary
activities. The provision of providing these services is the only performance obligation in the Company’s contracts with mining
pool operators. The Company performs hash computations for one mining pool operator, Foundry USA. Foundry USA operates its pool on the
Full Pay Per Share (FPPS) payout method. FPPS is a variant of the Pay Per Share (PPS) method, where miners receive a fixed payout for
each valid share submitted, regardless of whether the pool finds a block.

Regardless of the pool’s
success, the Company will receive consistent rewards based on the number of valid shares it contributes. The transaction consideration
the Company receives is non-cash consideration, in the form of bitcoin. The Company measures the bitcoin at fair value on the date earned
using the average price (calculated by averaging the daily open price and the daily close price) quoted by its Principal Market at the
date the Company completed the service of performing hash computations for the mining pool operator. There are no deferred revenues or
other liability obligations recorded by the Company since there are no payments in advance of the performance. At the end of each 24 hour
period (00:00:00 UTC and 23:59:59 UTC), there are no remaining performance obligations. By utilizing the average daily price of bitcoin
on the date earned, the Company eliminates any differences that may arise due to the volatility in trading price between bitcoin and fiat
currency during the period where the Company establishes and completes the contract. The consideration is all variable. There is no significant
financing component in these transactions. Foundry charged Gryphon a fee of 0.43%, based on its deployed hashrate from April 19, 2023
to January 8, 2024. The fee then increased from 0.43% to 0.61%, based on its deployed hashrate from January 9, 2024 through December 31,
2024. Subsequent to December 31, 2024, on February 28, 2025, Gryphon was notified Foundry will be adjusting their pool fees effective
on April 1, 2025 based on the contributed hashrate. Based on Gryphon’s contributed hashrate, the new fee Gryphon would be charged
effective on April 1, 2025 would be 0.50%, a decrease of approximately 18%.

7

Gryphon contributes 100% of
its Bitcoin hashing power to Foundry USA Pool. The total hashing power of Foundry USA Pool was approximately 32.5% of the global network
hashrate (860.46 EH/s) contributed of all miners or approximately 274 EH/S (per 
https://hashrateindex.com/hashrate/pools
), as of
March 29, 2025, of which Gryphon provides approximately 0.3%. Because cryptocurrency is considered non-cash consideration, fair value
of the cryptocurrency award received is determined using the average daily quoted price of the related cryptocurrency in Gryphon’s
principal market at the time of contract inception, which is deemed daily. Revenue is recognized when it is probable that a significant
reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur. After every 24-hour term, the mining pool transfers the cryptocurrency
consideration to our designated cryptocurrency wallet. Gryphon has no knowledge of whether Foundry USA Pool maintains insurance for theft
or loss and the risks associated with transferring crypto assets. See “Risk Factors - Incorrect or fraudulent cryptocurrency transactions
may be irreversible” for details related to the risks associated with transferring crypto assets.

Gryphon does not have visibility
into how Foundry USA Pool holds Gryphon’s proportion of mining rewards prior to transfer as they are a private company. Gryphon
obtains comfort on the bitcoin received from Foundry USA Pool as management completes an estimated revenue analysis whereas it calculates
its percentage of hashrate contributed on a daily basis as a percentage of the global hashrate to identify expected rewards. Gryphon then
compares that amount to the actual bitcoin received from Foundry USA Pool for variances. Foundry USA operates its pool on the Full Pay
Per Share (FPPS) payout method. FPPS is a variant of the Pay Per Share (PPS) method, where miners receive a fixed payout for each valid
share submitted, regardless of whether the pool finds a block. Daily Earnings are calculated from midnight-to-midnight UTC time, and the
sub-account balance is credited one hour later at 1 AM UTC time. Earnings accrued in the balance would be withdrawn to the selected whitelisted
wallet address, once a day, during 9 AM to 5 PM UTC time. According to the Foundry USA Pool’s FAQ page, the minimum payout threshold
for Bitcoin (BTC) is 0.001 bitcoin. Under the FPPS method, Foundry USA provides Gryphon with a stable and predictable payout for their
mining efforts. Regardless of the pool’s success, Gryphon will receive consistent rewards based on the number of valid shares (hash
rate) they contribute.

While Gryphon may expand its
operations beyond the mining of bitcoin in the future, Gryphon has no plans to pursue the acquisition or mining of digital assets other
than bitcoin. However, Gryphon has acquired in the past digital assets other than bitcoin as in-kind investments or payments.

Gryphon’s traditional revenue model has been
to mine and hold bitcoin, and then sell only the bitcoin that is necessary to pay its operating expenses and to reinvest in operational
expansion. For the year ended December 31, 2024, the average holding period was 30 days. For the year ended December 31, 2023, the average
holding period was 25 days. The bitcoin that is sold to pay operating expenses and to reinvest in operational expansion is sold within
a 24 hour time frame of receipt. Gryphon converts mined bitcoin into fiat currency through BitGo Prime LLC (“BitGo Prime”),
under the terms of the Electronic Trading Agreement entered into between BitGo Prime and Gryphon as of October 5, 2021. Under such agreement,
BitGo Prime and Gryphon may purchase from and sell digital assets to each other, each for its own benefit and account. To facilitate such
trading services, BitGo Prime may provide Gryphon online access to its proprietary electronic trading system, with access to and use of
the trading system being subject to the terms and conditions of the Agreement. BitGo Prime charges Gryphon no fees for such conversion
other than a nominal wire transfer fee associated with the wire of fiat currency to Gryphon’s account. Gryphon will also not pay
any commissions and transaction, processing and other fees, including federal, state, and local taxes.

An affiliate of BitGo Prime,
BitGo Trust Company Inc., (“BitGo Trust”) serves as the custodian for Gryphon’s digital currency holdings in consideration
of nominal fees paid for custodial, transaction, and settlement services provided pursuant to the agreement between Gryphon and BitGo
Trust. Gryphon’s CEO, President and CFO each hold Gryphon side private keys that are protected with two-factor authentication. Custodial
side keys are held by BitGo Trust who verifies requests with two factor authentication and video reviews. Additionally, as custodian of
Gryphon’s digital assets, BitGo Trust has implemented certain security measures with regard to Gryphon’s digital asset holdings.
Any liquidation, conversion, or transfer of the digital assets held in custody by BitGo Trust requires authorizations by two Gryphon executives
and requires 24 hours prior to the effectiveness of any such transaction. In addition, the digital assets held in custody by BitGo Trust
are insured up to $100 million. There can be no assurances that these procedures will be effective, and Gryphon could suffer a loss of
its bitcoin due to an adverse software or cybersecurity event. While Gryphon is confident in the security of its digital assets, Gryphon
continues to evaluate additional protective measures. See “
Risk Factors - Gryphon’s bitcoin may be subject to loss, theft
or restriction on access” for Gryphon’s risks and challenges related to custody
.”

8

Captus and AI HPC 

Subsequent to December 31,
2024, on January 10, 2025, the Company entered into a definitive agreement to acquire the Captus Site, which, following the closing,
the Company believes will enable a substantial expansion into AI and HPC data center infrastructure. Management believes the acquired
asset has the potential to scale to 4 gigawatts (GW) of reliable, sustainable power generation capacity through gas to power generation
and carbon sequestration on site. The closing of this agreement is expected to occur in or before April 2025.

The Captus Site is located
in Pincher Creek, Alberta, approximately one hour outside of Calgary.

The Company believes that
the site is an ideal location for the development of an HPC AI data center, with the following advantages:

●
Strategic Location: 
Industrial zoned 850 acres located in Southern Alberta. Close to existing infrastructure
of power, gas supply, non-potable water, fiber, cooler climate and carbon capture on site.

.

●
Power Redundancy: 
Access to two ample supplies of natural gas.

●
Green Power on Site: 
Combination of saline aquifer plus depleted gas reservoir provides compelling
sequestration of CO2.

●
Scalable to 4GW: 
Management believes that the Captus Site has compelling scalability with up to
~130MW by the end of 2026, followed by 200MW by YE 2029 and 100MW every 6 months following.

Moving forward, the Company
intends to focus on the development of an AI HPC center at the Captus Site. The Company’s plan is to bring on power generation in
phases, beginning in or before 2026. The Company’s full time workforce has increased as well, as the Captus Energy team has joined
the Company and will be leading the development of the site.

Intellectual Property

Gryphon holds no patents,
copyrights, trademarks, or licenses.

9

Employees and Advisors

Gryphon currently has three
full-time employees, its Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President.

Government Regulation

Government regulation of blockchain
technology and Bitcoin specifically is being actively considered by the United States federal government via a number of agencies and
regulatory bodies, as well as similar entities in other countries. State government regulations also may apply to Gryphon’s bitcoin
mining activities and other related activities in which Gryphon participates or may participate in the future. Certain regulatory bodies
have shown an interest in regulating or investigating companies engaged in the blockchain technology or Bitcoin business.

In addition, because transactions
in bitcoin provide a reasonable degree of pseudo anonymity, they are susceptible to misuse for criminal activities, such as money laundering.
This misuse, or the perception of such misuse (even if untrue), could lead to greater regulatory oversight of Bitcoin platforms, and there
is the possibility that law enforcement agencies could close Bitcoin platforms or other Bitcoin-related infrastructure with little or
no notice and prevent users from accessing or retrieving bitcoin held via such platforms or infrastructure.

Multiple United States federal
agencies and regulators have been active in rulemaking, issuing guidance and regulating various actors in the blockchain technology industry,
including the CFTC, SEC, FINRA, OCC, CFPB, Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (“FinCEN”), OFAC, IRS, FDIC, and Federal Reserve.
In March 2022, the United States announced plans to establish a unified federal regulatory regime for cryptocurrency, and in January 2023,
the House of Representatives announced its first ever Financial Services Subcommittee on Digital Assets and its intention to develop a
regulatory framework for the digital asset industry. In February 2023, Bipartisan leadership of the Senate Banking Committee announced
a similar goal. Regulations may substantially change in the future and it is presently not possible to know how regulations will apply
to Gryphon’s businesses, or when they will be effective. As the regulatory and legal environment evolves, Gryphon may become subject
to new laws, further regulation by the SEC, and other federal or state agencies, which may affect Gryphon’s bitcoin mining and other
related activities. Certain state and local authorities have introduced and passed legislation that may affect Gryphon’s business
and the business of bitcoin mining. New York enacted a 2-year ban on new cryptocurrency mining conducted at fossil fuel-burning plants
in 2022. It is possible that other states may likewise create laws that specifically impact Gryphon’s business.

In 2022, FTX Trading Ltd.
and several other major cryptocurrency exchanges declared bankruptcy. The U.S. Department of Justice brought criminal charges, including
charges of fraud, violations of federal securities laws, money laundering, and campaign finance offenses against FTX’s former CEO
and others. FTX is also under investigation by the SEC, the Justice Department, and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, as well
as by various regulatory authorities in the Bahamas, Europe and other jurisdictions. In response to these events, the digital asset markets
have experienced extreme price volatility and declines in liquidity, and regulatory and enforcement scrutiny has increased, including
from the DOJ, the SEC, the CFTC, the White House and Congress. These events continue to develop rapidly, and it is not possible to predict
at this time all of the risks that they may pose to Gryphon or on the digital asset industry as a whole.

For additional discussion
regarding Gryphon’s belief about the potential risks existing and future regulation pose to Gryphon’s business, see “
Risk
Factors
” herein.

10