Item 1. Business (Growth Strategy)” and “Item 7. MD&A” for more information.

We may not anticipate all of the challenges imposed by the expansion of our business operations into new geographic markets.  Some new stores may be located in areas with different competitive
          and market conditions, customer tastes, and discretionary spending patterns than our existing markets.  We may face a higher cost of entry, difficulties attracting labor, alternative customer demands, reduced brand recognition, and minimal
          operating experience in these geographic markets.  Although we are extremely sensitive to cannibalizing existing stores, opening new stores in our established markets may also result in inadvertent oversaturation, sales volume transfer from
          existing stores to new stores, and reduced comparable store sales, thus adversely affecting our overall results of operations and financial performance.  We may not manage our expansion effectively, and our failure to achieve or properly execute
          our expansion plans could limit our growth or have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

We may not be able to retain the loyalty of our customers, particularly our Ollie’s Army members, which could have a material adverse effect on our
          business, financial condition, and results of operations.

We depend on our loyal customer base, particularly our members of Ollie’s Army, for our consistent sales and sales growth.  Competition for customers has intensified as competitors have moved
          into, or increased their presence in, our geographic markets and from the use of mobile and web-based technology that facilitates online and omnichannel shopping and real-time product and price comparisons.  We expect this competition to continue
          to increase.  Our competitors may be able to offer consumers promotions or loyalty program incentives that could attract our customers, including members of Ollie’s Army, or divide their loyalty among several retailers.  If we are unable to
          retain the loyalty of our customers, our net sales could decrease, and we may not be able to grow our store base as planned, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

20

Index

The failure to timely acquire, develop, open, and operate, or the loss of, disruption to, or interruption in the operations of, our centralized
          distribution centers could materially adversely affect our business and operations.

With limited exceptions, inventory is shipped directly from suppliers to our distribution centers in York, PA, Commerce, GA, Lancaster, TX, and Princeton, IL where the inventory is processed,
          sorted, and shipped to our stores.  We depend in large part on the orderly operation of this receiving and distribution process, which depends, in turn, on adherence to shipping schedules and effective management of our distribution centers. 
          Increases in transportation costs (including increases in fuel and other variable costs), supplier-side delays, reductions in the capacity of carriers, changes in shipping companies, the impact of future pandemics or health crises on our
          workforce, labor strikes, or shortages in the transportation industry, and unexpected delivery interruptions also have the potential to derail our orderly distribution process.  We also may not anticipate changing demands on our distribution
          system or timely develop and open any necessary additional facilities.  In addition, events beyond our control, such as disruptions in operations due to fire or other catastrophic events or labor disagreements, may result in delays in the
          delivery of merchandise to our stores.  While we maintain business interruption insurance, in the event one or more our distribution centers are disrupted or shut down for any reason, such insurance may not be sufficient, and any related
          insurance proceeds may not be timely paid to us.  In addition, our new stores receiving shipments may be further away from our distribution centers, which may increase transportation costs and may create transportation scheduling strains.  Any
          repeated, intermittent, or long-term disruption in the operations of our distribution centers would hinder our ability to provide merchandise to our stores and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results
          of operations.

Our new store growth is dependent on our ability to successfully expand our distribution network capacity, and failure to achieve or sustain these plans
          could adversely affect our performance.

We maintain distribution centers in York, PA, Commerce, GA, Lancaster, TX, and Princeton, IL, to support our existing and new stores as well as our store growth objectives.  We continuously
          assess ways to maximize the productivity and efficiency of our existing distribution centers and evaluate opportunities for additional distribution centers.  Processing delays or difficulties in operations at our existing distribution centers or
          delays in opening, processing delays, or difficulties in operations at our new distribution centers, could adversely affect our current operations by causing existing stores to have insufficient inventory, and could adversely affect future
          operations by slowing store growth, which could, in turn, reduce sales growth.  In addition, any distribution-related construction or expansion projects entail risks which could cause delays and cost overruns, such as shortages of materials,
          shortages of skilled labor, work stoppages, unforeseen construction issues, scheduling, engineering, environmental or geological problems, or other pandemics or types of contagion, weather interference, fires or other casualty losses, and
          unanticipated cost increases.  The completion date and ultimate cost of future projects could differ significantly from initial expectations due to construction-related or other reasons.  We cannot guarantee that any project will be completed on
          time or within established budgets.

If we are not successful in managing our inventory balances, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of
          operations.

Efficient inventory management is a key component of our profitability and ability to generate revenue.  To be successful, we must maintain sufficient inventory levels and an appropriate
          product mix to meet our customers’ demands without allowing those levels to increase to such an extent that the costs to store and hold merchandise adversely impact our results of operations.  If our buying decisions do not accurately correspond
          to customer preferences, if we inappropriately price merchandise, or if our expectations about customer confidence or spending levels are inaccurate, we may have to take unanticipated markdowns to dispose of any excess inventory, which could have
          a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.  We continue to focus on ways to reduce these risks, but we cannot ensure that we will be successful in our inventory management.

21

Index

Inventory shrinkage could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

We are subject to the risk of inventory loss and theft.  We cannot ensure that actual rates of inventory loss and theft in the future will be within our estimates or that the measures we are
          taking will effectively reduce the problem of inventory shrinkage.  Although some level of inventory shrinkage is an unavoidable cost of doing business, if we were to experience higher rates of inventory shrinkage or incur increased security
          costs and other costs to combat inventory theft, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

Our success depends on our executive officers, our merchant team, and other key personnel.  If we lose key personnel or are unable to hire additional qualified personnel, it
          could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

Our success depends to a significant degree on the skills, experience and efforts of our executive officers, our merchant team, support center and field management, and other key personnel. 
          The unexpected loss of services of any of our executive officers, senior members of our merchant team, or senior management could materially adversely affect our business and operations.  Competition for skilled and experienced management in the
          retail industry is intense, and our future success will depend on our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel, including our merchant team, which is responsible for purchasing, and negotiating the terms of, our merchandise.  Failure to
          attract new and retain existing qualified personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

If we are unable to attract, train, and retain highly qualified managerial personnel and sales associates in our stores and our distribution centers, our sales, financial
          performance, and business operations may be materially adversely affected.

We focus on providing our customers with a memorable and engaging shopping experience.  To grow our operations and meet the needs and expectations of our customers, we must attract, train, and retain a large number
          of highly qualified store management personnel and sales associates, while controlling labor costs.  Our ability to control labor costs is subject to numerous external factors and compliance with laws and regulatory structures, including
          competition for, and availability of, qualified personnel in a given market, unemployment levels within those markets, governmental regulatory bodies such as the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (“EEOC”) and the National Labor Relations
          Board (“NLRB”), prevailing wage rates and wage and hour laws, minimum wage laws, the impact of legislation governing labor and employee relations or benefits, such as the Affordable Care Act (“ACA”), costs of health insurance and other health
          benefits, healthcare costs, and our ability to maintain good relations with our associates.  We compete with many other retail businesses for many of our store management personnel, and sales associates in hourly and part-time positions.  These
          positions have had historically high turnover rates, which lead to increased training and retention costs.  
The accelerated pace at which we have been, and plan to continue, opening new stores, both in existing
            and new markets, could make it increasingly difficult to recruit, hire, and retain employees that will be able to properly execute our business goals and offer our customers a quality experience in those new stores.  Further, anticipated
            changes in immigration laws and regulations could adversely affect the pool of candidates legally available to fill positions.

We also rely on associates in our distribution centers to ensure the efficient processing and delivery of 
merchandise
 from our suppliers to our stores.  If we are unable
          to attract and retain quality associates and management personnel, fail to comply with the regulations and laws impacting personnel, or have difficulty accurately predicting employee-related costs (including healthcare costs), and establishing
          accurate budgetary reserves for such costs, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

22

Index

Our success depends on our marketing, advertising, and promotional efforts.  If we are unable to implement those efforts successfully, or if our
          competitors engage in more effective marketing, advertising, and promotional efforts than we are, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

We use marketing and promotional programs to attract customers to our stores and to encourage purchases by our customers.  Although we use various media for our promotional efforts, including
          regular and Ollie’s Army mailers, email campaigns, radio and television advertisements, and sports marketing, we primarily advertise our in-store offerings through printed flyers.  In fiscal 2024, over 50% of our advertising spend was for the
          printing and distribution of flyers.  If the efficacy of printed flyers as an advertising medium declines, or if we fail to successfully develop and implement new marketing, advertising, and promotional strategies, such as an effective social
          media strategy, our competitors may be able to attract the interest of our customers, which could reduce customer traffic in our stores.  Changes in the amount and degree of promotional intensity or merchandising strategy by our competitors could
          cause us to have difficulties in retaining existing customers and attracting new customers.  Further, social media allows for an increased speed at which publicity, both positive and negative, can be transmitted.  Information spread over social
          media, whether based on actual or perceived conditions or events, could be disseminated before we can meaningfully investigate and respond to the underlying issue, if any.  Negative online postings or comments about our business, including as a
          result of inaccurate, fictitious, or even malicious postings or social media content, could adversely affect our business and cause damage to the value of our brand.

If the efficacy of our marketing or promotional activities declines, if such activities of our competitors are more effective than ours, or if
            for any other reason we lose the loyalty of our customers, including our Ollie’s Army members, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

Our co-branded credit card program could pose reputational risk if not properly executed.

On July 23, 2024, we announced our partnership with Sunbit, a leading financial technology company, to launch a co-branded Visa® credit card, our
            first-ever co-branded credit card program.  We intend the partnership to bring greater flexibility to our customers and enhance loyalty with our members, but if the program is not properly executed, is renewed on less favorable terms, or is
            terminated, it could adversely affect our operations and harm our brand, reputation, and relationship with our loyal customer base, 
including our Ollie’s Army loyalty program members
.

Because our business is seasonal, with the highest volume of net sales during the holiday season, adverse events during our fourth fiscal quarter could
          materially adversely affect our business, operations, cash flows, and financial condition.

We generally recognize our highest volume of net sales in connection with the holiday sales season, which occurs in the fourth quarter of our fiscal year.  In anticipation of the holiday sales
          season, we purchase substantial amounts of seasonal inventory and hire many part-time associates.  Because a significant percentage of our net sales and operating income are generated in our fourth fiscal quarter, we have limited ability to
          compensate for shortfalls in our fourth fiscal quarter sales or earnings by changing our operations or strategies in other fiscal quarters.  Adverse events, such as deteriorating economic conditions, higher unemployment, higher gas prices, public
          transportation disruptions, errors in anticipating consumer demand for our merchandise, or unanticipated adverse or unseasonable weather conditions could result in lower than planned sales during the holiday sales season.  If our fourth fiscal
          quarter sales results were substantially below expectations, we would realize less cash flows from operations, and may be forced to mark down our merchandise, especially our seasonal merchandise, which could have a material adverse effect on our
          business, financial condition, and results of operations.

23

Index

Our business requires that we lease substantial amounts of space and there can be no assurance that we will be able to continue to lease space on terms as favorable as the
          leases negotiated in the past.

We lease the majority of our stores, our corporate headquarters, and our distribution centers in York, PA and Commerce, GA.  Our stores are leased from third parties, with typical initial lease terms of
          approximately seven years with options to renew for successive five-year periods.  Historically, we have been able to negotiate favorable rental rates due in large part to the general state of the economy, the increased availability of vacant big
          box retail sites, and our careful identification of favorable lease opportunities.  While we continually seek to identify the most advantageous lease opportunities, there is no guarantee that we will continue to be able to find low-cost
          second-generation sites or obtain favorable lease terms.  Many of our lease agreements have defined escalating rent provisions over the initial term and any extensions.  Increases in our occupancy costs and difficulty in identifying economically
          suitable new store locations could have significant negative consequences to our business, including without limitation:

•

requiring that a greater portion of our available cash be applied to pay our rental obligations, thus reducing cash available for other purposes and reducing profitability;

•

increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; and

•

limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to changes in, our business, or in the industry in which we compete.

We depend on cash flows from operations to pay our lease expenses and to fulfill our other cash needs.  If our business does not generate sufficient cash flows from operating activities to fund these expenses and
          needs and sufficient funds are not otherwise available to us, we may not be able to service our lease expenses, grow our business, respond to competitive challenges, or fund our other liquidity and capital needs, which could harm our business. 
          Additional sites that we lease may be subject to long-term non-cancelable leases if we are unable to negotiate our current standard lease terms.  If an existing or future store is not profitable, and we decide to close it, we may nonetheless be
          committed to perform our obligations under the applicable lease including, among other things, paying the base rent for the balance of the lease term.  Moreover, even if a lease has an early cancellation clause, we may not satisfy the contractual
          requirements for early cancellation under that lease.  In addition, if we are not able to enter into new leases or renew existing leases on terms acceptable to us, this could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
          and results of operations.

Risks associated with the current geopolitical climate could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

Our business, financial condition, and results of operations may differ materially as we cannot predict the impact of the current geopolitical climate.  Risks associated with heightened geopolitical instability
          include, among others, reductions in consumer confidence, heightened inflation, production disruptions, cyber disruptions or attacks, higher natural gas costs, higher manufacturing costs, and higher supply chain costs.

Climate-related conditions and changes, natural disasters, unusual weather conditions, epidemic or pandemic outbreaks, terrorist acts, and political
          events could disrupt our business and result in lower sales and otherwise adversely affect our financial performance.

There are inherent climate-related risks wherever our business is conducted.  Changes in market dynamics, shareholder expectations, local, national, and international climate change policies, and the frequency and
          intensity of extreme weather events on critical infrastructure in the United States and abroad, all have the potential to disrupt our business and operations.  Climate conditions such as drought, wildfires, storms, sea-level rise, and flooding,
          may occur more frequently or with greater intensity.  
The occurrence of one or more natural disasters, such as tornadoes, hurricanes, fires, floods, and earthquakes, epidemic outbreaks, unusual weather
            conditions in regions where our stores are located could adversely affect our business and result in lower sales.  
Additionally, climate-related events and circumstances have resulted, and likely will continue to result, in increased
          costs for property insurance policies.  
In addition, severe weather, such as heavy snowfall or extreme temperatures, may discourage or restrict customers in a particular region from traveling to our stores,
            thereby reducing our sales and profitability.  If severe weather conditions occur during the second or fourth quarter of our fiscal year, the adverse impact to our sales and profitability could be even greater than at other times during the
            year because we generate a larger portion of our sales and profits during these periods.  Natural disasters, which may include tornadoes, hurricanes, floods, and earthquakes, may impact our stores or other operations.  The frequency and/or
            severity of such natural disasters may be unpredictable, and we have a growing number of stores in areas that may be impacted by weather events and natural disasters such as the types listed above.  To the extent that such weather events or
            natural disasters may damage our stores or other operations, we may be unable to operate stores or other facilitates and our consolidated financial results may be materially adversely affected.  Epidemic or pandemic outbreaks, terrorist attacks
            or disruptive political events in regions where our stores are located could impact our management and sales associates, our inventory supply, our delivery schedules, or our ability to keep our stores open due to mandatory governmental
            restrictions or may cause our customers to avoid shopping at brick-and-mortar retailers or reduce the number of trips they will make to our stores.  Also, to the extent these events impact one or more of our key suppliers or result in the
            closure of one or more of our distribution centers or our corporate headquarters, we may be unable to maintain delivery schedules or provide other support functions to our stores.  These conditions could have a sustained material adverse effect
            on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

24

Index

LEGAL AND REGULATORY

We are subject to governmental regulations, requirements, and procedures.  A significant change in, or noncompliance with, these regulations,
          requirements, and procedures could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

We routinely incur significant costs in complying with federal, state, and local laws and regulations.  The complexity of the regulatory environment in which we operate, and the related costs
          of compliance, are increasing due to expanding and additional legal and regulatory requirements and increased or uncertain enforcement efforts.  New laws or regulations, including, but not limited to those dealing with healthcare and healthcare
          reform, product compliance and safety, consumer credit, privacy and information security, the environment, and labor and employment, among others, or changes in existing federal, state, and local laws and regulations, particularly those governing
          the sale of merchandise and food safety and quality (including changes in labeling or disclosure requirements), federal or state wage requirements, employee rights, health care, social welfare or entitlement programs such as health insurance,
          paid leave programs, other changes in workplace regulation, and compliance with laws regarding public access to our stores, may result in significant added expenses or may require extensive system and operating changes that may be difficult to
          implement and/or could materially increase our cost of doing business.  Untimely compliance or noncompliance with applicable laws or regulations or untimely or incomplete execution of a mandated governmental action, such as a product recall, can
          result in the imposition of penalties, including loss of licenses or significant fines or monetary penalties, or class action litigation or other litigation, in addition to reputational damage.  Additionally, changes in tax laws, the
          interpretation of existing laws, or our failure to sustain our reporting positions on examination could materially adversely affect our effective tax rate and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results
          of operations.

If we fail to protect our intellectual property portfolio, including without limitation brand names and other trademarks, the value of these assets may be
          diluted.

We may be unable or unwilling to strictly enforce our intellectual property

in each jurisdiction in which we do business.  For
          example, we may not always be able to successfully enforce our trademarks against competitors or against challenges by others, and our failure to successfully protect our trademarks could diminish the value and efficacy of our brand recognition
          and may cause customer confusion.  Any failure to adequately protect or manage our intellectual property portfolio could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

We rely on manufacturers located in foreign countries for merchandise and a significant amount of our domestically-purchased merchandise is manufactured
          abroad.  Our business may be materially adversely affected by legal and regulatory risks associated with international trade.

We purchase merchandise directly from suppliers located outside of the United States.  During fiscal 2024, substantially all of our private label inventory purchases were direct imports. 
          Additionally, a significant amount of our domestically purchased merchandise is manufactured in foreign countries.  Our ability to identify qualified suppliers and to access merchandise in a timely and efficient manner is a significant challenge,
          especially with respect to merchandise sourced outside of North America.  Global sourcing and foreign trade involve numerous factors and uncertainties beyond our control, including possible changes to U.S. trade policy, increased shipping costs,
          the timing of shipments, increased import duties, more restrictive quotas, loss of most favored nation trading status, currency exchange rates, work stoppages, transportation delays, port of entry issues, economic uncertainties such as inflation,
          foreign government regulations, political unrest, natural disasters, war, terrorism, trade restrictions, political instability, the financial stability of vendors, merchandise quality issues, unexpected contagion, existing viruses or illnesses,
          and tariffs or trade sanctions, as well as international trade disputes or changes in trading relationships resulting from current and future political environments.  Moreover, negative press or reports about internationally manufactured
          merchandise may sway public opinion, and thus customer confidence, away from affected merchandise sold in our stores.  Although we have implemented and maintain policies and procedures to promote our suppliers’ compliance with laws and
          regulations relating to foreign markets and imports, and to monitor the compliance of our suppliers, this does not guarantee that suppliers and other third parties with whom we do business will not actually or allegedly violate such laws or
          regulations, or our policies.  These and other issues affecting our international vendors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

25

Index

The cost of compliance with product safety regulations and risks related to product liability claims, lawsuits, and product recalls could damage our
          reputation, increase our cost of doing business, and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

Federal and state legislation, including new product safety laws and regulations, may negatively impact our operations.  Future changes in product safety laws or regulations may lead to product
          recalls and the disposal or write-off of merchandise.  While we work to comply in all material respects with applicable laws and regulations, and to execute product recalls in a timely manner, if our merchandise does not meet applicable
          governmental safety standards or our customers’ expectations regarding quality or safety, we could experience lost sales and increased costs, be exposed to legal and reputational risk, and face fines or penalties which could materially adversely
          affect our financial results.  We also purchase a material portion of our merchandise on a closeout basis.  Some of this merchandise is obtained through brokers or intermediaries rather than directly from manufacturers.  The closeout nature of a
          portion of our business sometimes makes it more difficult for us to investigate all aspects of this merchandise.  Furthermore, customers have asserted claims, and may in the future assert claims, that they have sustained injuries from merchandise
          purchased from us, and we may be subject to lawsuits relating to these claims.  There is a risk that these claims may exceed, or fall outside the scope of, our insurance coverage.  Even with adequate insurance and indemnification from third-party
          suppliers, such claims, even if unsuccessful or not fully pursued, could significantly damage our reputation and customer confidence in our merchandise.  If this occurs, it may be difficult for us to regain lost sales, which could have a material
          adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

Our current insurance program may expose us to unexpected costs and negatively affect our financial performance.

Our insurance coverage reflects deductibles, self-insured retentions, limits of liability, and similar provisions that we believe are prudent based on the nature of our operations.  However,
          there are types of losses we may incur but against which we cannot be insured or which we believe are not economically reasonable to insure, such as losses due to acts of war, employee and certain other crimes, wage and hour claims, and certain
          other employment-related claims, public accommodation claims, class actions, shareholder claims, and some natural disasters.  If we incur these losses and they are material, our business could suffer.  Certain material events may result in
          sizable losses for the insurance industry and adversely impact the availability of adequate insurance coverage or result in excessive premium increases.  To offset negative insurance market trends, we may elect to self-insure, accept higher
          deductibles, or reduce the amount of coverage in response to these market changes.  In addition, we self-insure a significant portion of expected losses under our workers’ compensation, general liability, and group health insurance programs. 
          Unanticipated changes in any applicable actuarial assumptions and management estimates underlying our recorded liabilities for these losses, including expected increases in medical and indemnity costs, could result in materially different
          expenses than expected under these programs, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.  We maintain insurance for catastrophic events at our store support center, distribution centers, and
          stores.  In addition, because of ongoing changes in healthcare law, among other items, we may experience an increase in participation in our group health insurance programs, which may lead to a greater number of medical and related claims.  While
          we have coverage for some cyber-related incidents, the nature and scope of any potential attack or breach may result in substantial costs that could exceed the scope of coverage or limits of coverage.  If we experience a greater number of these
          losses than we anticipate, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

26

Index

We face litigation risks from customers, associates, suppliers, stockholders, and other third parties in the ordinary course of business.

Our business is subject to the risk of litigation by customers, current and former associates, suppliers, stockholders, intellectual property rights holders, government agencies, and others,
          through private actions, class actions, collective actions, administrative proceedings, regulatory actions, or other litigation.  From time to time, such lawsuits are filed against us and the outcome of any litigation, particularly class or
          collective action lawsuits and regulatory actions, is difficult to assess or quantify.  Plaintiffs in these types of lawsuits may seek recovery of very large or indeterminate amounts, and the magnitude of the potential losses relating to such
          lawsuits may remain unknown for substantial periods of time.  The cost to defend any such lawsuits may be significant and may negatively affect our operating results if changes to our business operations are required.  There may also be negative
          publicity associated with litigation that could decrease customer acceptance of merchandise offerings, regardless of whether the allegations are valid or whether we are ultimately found liable.  As a result, litigation could have a material
          adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, and results of operations.

TECHNOLOGY AND CYBERSECURITY

Any disruptions to our information technology systems or breaches of our network security could disrupt or interrupt our operations, compromise our
          reputation, expose us to litigation, government enforcement actions, and costly response measures and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

We rely on the integrity, security, and successful functioning of our information technology systems and network infrastructure across our operations, including point-of-sale processing at our
          stores.  In connection with sales, we make every effort not to transmit confidential credit and debit card information.  Instead, we work with a third-party processing agent to provide us with a token to use in our payment process, in lieu of
          having to store such information.  In doing so, we must rely on our third-party provider’s uninterrupted and secure services, and if there is a failure or disruption in that process, there may be limited circumstances in which we are required to
          transmit encrypted confidential information.

We are compliant with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (“PCI”) issued by the Payment Card Industry Security Standards Council.  However, there can be no assurance that in the
          future we will be able to operate our facilities and our customer service and sales operations in accordance with PCI or other industry recommended or contractually required practices.  We expect to incur additional expenses, and the time and
          effort of our information technology staff, to maintain PCI compliance.  Even though we are compliant with such standards, we still may not be able to prevent or timely detect security breaches.

An increasingly significant portion of our sales depends on the continuing operation of our information technology and communications systems, including, but not limited to, our point-of-sale
          system and our credit card processing systems.  Our information technology, communications systems, and electronic data may be vulnerable to damage or interruption from malicious code, phishing, smishing, artificial intelligence deepfakes,
          computer viruses, other malware attacks, ransomware attacks, loss of data, unauthorized data breaches, usage errors by our associates or our contractors or other attempts to harm our systems, including cyber-security attacks or other breaches of
          cardholder data, earthquakes, acts of war or terrorist attacks, floods, fires, tornadoes, hurricanes, power loss and outages, computer, and telecommunications failures.  Some of our systems are not fully redundant, and our disaster recovery
          planning cannot account for all eventualities.  The nature and scope of threats from artificial intelligence in particular represents a new, unpredictable frontier.  The occurrence of intentional sabotage, unauthorized access, natural disaster,
          or other unanticipated problems could result in lengthy interruptions in our service.  Any errors or vulnerabilities in our systems, or damage to or failure of our systems, could result in interruptions in our services, non-compliance with
          certain regulations, substantial remediation costs, and liability for lost or stolen information, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

27

Index

Data protection requirements increase our operating costs, and a breach of information privacy or other related risks could negatively impact our
          operations.

We have access to, collect, or maintain private or confidential information regarding our customers, associates, and suppliers, as well as our business.  The protection of our customer,
          associate, supplier, and company data is critical to us.  In recent years, there has been increasing regulation, enforcement, and litigation activity in the area of privacy, data protection, and information security in the United States and in
          various other countries, with the frequent imposition of new and changing requirements across the many states in which we conduct our business.  State privacy laws and regulations, such as The Connecticut Data Privacy Act, the New York Privacy
          Act, The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, The California Privacy Rights Act, and others, have imposed and likely will impose additional data protection obligations on companies considered to be doing business in such applicable states and
          provides for substantial fines for non-compliance and, in some cases, a private right of action to consumers who are victims of data breaches.  Complying with existing laws and similar emerging and changing privacy, data protection, and
          information security requirements may cause us to incur substantial costs or compliance risks due to, among other things, system changes and the development of new processes and business initiatives.  Our failure to comply with privacy, data
          protection, and information security laws could result in potentially significant regulatory and/or governmental investigations and/or actions, litigation, fines, sanctions, ongoing regulatory monitoring, and customer attrition.

In addition, our customers have a high expectation that we will adequately protect their personal information from cyber-attack or other security breaches.  We have procedures in place to
          evaluate the integrity of our systems, and to safeguard such data and information.  However, the landscape is evolving at a rapid pace, and we may be unable to effectively anticipate or respond to attacks to or breaches of our security systems or
          implement adequate preventative measures.  A breach of customer, employee, supplier, or company data could attract a substantial amount of negative media attention, damage our customer and supplier relationships and our reputation, and result in
          lost sales, costly fines, other expenses, and/or lawsuits, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

If we are unable to maintain or upgrade our information technology systems or if we are unable to convert to alternate systems in an efficient and timely
          manner, our operations may be disrupted or become less efficient.

We depend on a variety of information technology systems for the efficient functioning of our business.  We rely on certain hardware, telecommunications, and software vendors to maintain and
          periodically upgrade many of these systems so that we can continue to support our business.  Various components of our information technology systems, including hardware, networks, and software, are licensed to us by third-party vendors.  We rely
          extensively on our information technology systems to process transactions, summarize results, and manage our business.  We are in compliance with PCI, and compliance with PCI and implementing related procedures, technology and information
          security measures requires significant resources and ongoing attention.  Costs and potential problems and interruptions associated with the implementation of new or upgraded systems and technology such as those necessary to achieve compliance
          with PCI or with maintenance or adequate support of existing systems could also disrupt or reduce the efficiency of our operations.  Any material interruptions or failures in our payment-related systems, including in connection with our
          co-branded credit card program, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

28

Index

If our information technology systems are damaged or cease to function properly, we may have to make a significant investment to fix or replace them.  If there are amendments to PCI, the cost
          of re-compliance could also be substantial, and we may suffer loss of critical data and interruptions or delays in our operations as a result.  In addition, we may have to upgrade our existing information technology systems from time to time in
          order for such systems to withstand the increasing needs of our expanding business.  Costs and potential interruptions associated with the implementation of new or upgraded systems and technology or with maintenance or adequate support of our
          existing systems could disrupt or reduce the efficiency of our business.

ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL

If our estimates or judgments relating to our significant accounting policies prove to be incorrect, our operating results could be adversely affected.

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (“GAAP”) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts
          reported in the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes.  We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances.  The results of these estimates
          form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets, liabilities, and equity, and the amount of revenue and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources.  Our operating results may be adversely affected if our
          assumptions change or if actual circumstances differ from those in our assumptions, which could cause our operating results to fall below the expectations of securities analysts and investors, resulting in a decline in our stock price.

Changes to accounting rules or regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

Changes to existing accounting rules or regulations may impact our future results of operations or cause the perception that we are more highly leveraged.  Other new accounting rules or
          regulations and varying interpretations of existing accounting rules or regulations have occurred and may occur in the future.  Future changes to accounting rules or regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
          condition, and results of operations.

RISKS RELATED TO COMMON STOCK AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Because we are a public company, our management is required to devote substantial time to compliance and governance initiatives and issues.

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act and rules implemented by the SEC and the NASDAQ Stock Market LLC (“NASDAQ”) have imposed various requirements on public companies, including establishment and maintenance of effective
          disclosure and financial controls and corporate governance practices.  Implementing and maintaining internal controls is both time-consuming and costly.  If we fail to maintain an effective internal control environment or to comply with the
          numerous legal and regulatory requirements imposed on public companies, we could make material errors in, and be required to restate, our financial statements.  Any such restatement could result in a loss of public confidence in the reliability
          of our financial statements and sanctions imposed on us by the SEC.  If we are unable to satisfy our obligations as a public company, we could be subject to, among other items, the delisting of our common stock, fines, sanctions, and other
          regulatory actions, as well as potential civil litigation.

29

Index

Anti-takeover provisions in our third amended and restated certificate of incorporation and fourth amended and restated bylaws, and under Delaware law, could make an
          acquisition of us more difficult, limit attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management and limit the market price of our common stock.

Provisions in our third amended and restated certificate of incorporation and fourth amended and restated bylaws may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control or changes in our management.  Our
          third amended and restated certificate of incorporation and fourth amended and restated bylaws include provisions that:

•

authorize the Company’s Board of Directors (the “Board”) to issue, without further action by the stockholders, up to 50,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock;

•

subject to certain exceptions, require that any action to be taken by our stockholders be affected at a duly called annual or special meeting of stockholders, and not by written consent;

•

specify that special meetings of our stockholders can be called only by a majority of our Board, or upon the request of the Chairperson of the Board or the Chief Executive Officer;

•

establish an advance notice procedure for stockholder proposals to be brought before an annual meeting, including proposed nominations of persons for election to our Board;

•

prohibit cumulative voting in the election of directors; and

•

provide that vacancies on our Board may be filled only by a majority of directors then in office, even though less than a quorum.

These provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management by making it more difficult for stockholders to replace members of our Board, which is
          responsible for appointing the members of our management.

Our third amended and restated certificate of incorporation designates the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the exclusive forum for certain litigation that may be
          initiated by our stockholders, which could increase costs of bringing a claim, discourage claims, or limit our stockholders’ ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or employees.

The Company’s certificate of incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing in advance to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the sole and exclusive
          forum, to the fullest extent provided by law, for the following types of actions or proceedings:

•

any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company;

•

any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by, or any wrongdoing by, any director, officer, or employee of the Company to the Company, or the Company’s stockholders;

•

any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporate Law, the certification of incorporation (as it may be amended from time to time), or the fourth amended and restated bylaws;

•

any action to interpret, apply, enforce, or determine the validity of our certificate of incorporation or the fourth amended and restated bylaws; or

•

any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine.

Application of the choice of forum provision may be limited in some instances by law.  Section 27 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (“Exchange Act”) provides for exclusive federal court jurisdiction over
          Exchange Act claims.  Accordingly, to the extent the exclusive forum provision is held to cover a shareholder derivative action asserting claims under the Exchange Act, such claims could not be brought in the Delaware Court of Chancery and would
          instead be within the jurisdiction of the federal district court for the District of Delaware.  Section 22 of the Securities Act of 1933 (“Securities Act”) creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought to
          enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder.  Moreover, our stockholders will not be deemed by operation of our choice of forum provision to have waived our compliance with the federal
          securities laws and the regulations promulgated thereunder.  It is also possible that, notwithstanding the forum selection clause, a court could rule that such a provision is inapplicable or unenforceable, which could 
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and 
adversely impact our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows.

30

Index

If securities analysts or industry analysts downgrade our shares, publish negative research or reports, or do not publish reports about our business, our share price and
          trading volume could decline.

The trading market for our common stock is to some extent influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts publish about us, our business, and our industry.  If no or few analysts
          commence coverage of us, the trading price of our stock could decrease.  Even if we do obtain analyst coverage, if one or more analysts adversely change their recommendation regarding our shares or our competitors’ stock, our share price might
          decline.  If one or more analysts cease coverage of us or fail to regularly publish reports on us, we might lose visibility in the financial markets, which, in turn, could cause our share price or trading volume to decline.

Future sales of our common stock in the public market could cause the market price of our common stock to decrease significantly.

Sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market by our existing stockholders or upon the exercise of outstanding stock options or grant of stock options or restricted
          stock units in the future may cause the market price of our common stock to decrease significantly.  As of February 1, 2025, we have an aggregate of 1,168,785 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding options and the vesting of
          restricted stock units under the 2015 Equity Incentive Plan (the “2015 Plan” and together with the 2012 Equity Incentive Plan, the “Equity Plans”) (360,480 of which are fully vested).

The perception that such sales could occur could also depress the market price of our common stock.  Any such sales could also create public perception of difficulties or problems with our
          business and might also make it more difficult for us to raise capital through the sale of equity securities in the future at a time and price that we deem appropriate.

Our stock price has been and may continue to be volatile.

The market price of our common stock has fluctuated substantially in the past and may continue to fluctuate significantly.  For example, during the fiscal year ended February 1, 2025, our stock
          price fluctuated from a high of $120.03 to a low of $68.05.  Future announcements or disclosures concerning us or any of our competitors, our strategic initiatives, our sales and profitability, our financial condition, any quarterly variations in
          actual or anticipated operating results or comparable sales, any failure to meet analysts’ expectations and sales of large blocks of our common stock, among other factors, could cause the market price of our common stock to fluctuate
          substantially.  In addition, the stock market has experienced price and volume fluctuations that have affected the market price of many retail and other stocks that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of
          these companies.

We are a holding company and rely on dividends and other payments, advances, and transfers of funds from our subsidiaries to meet our obligations and pay
          any dividends.

We have no direct operations and no significant assets other than ownership of 100% of the capital stock of our subsidiaries.  Because we conduct operations through our subsidiaries, we depend
          on those entities for dividends and other payments to generate the funds necessary to meet our financial obligations and to pay any dividends with respect to our common stock.  Legal and contractual restrictions in the Credit Facility (defined
          below) and other agreements which may govern future indebtedness of our subsidiaries, as well as the financial condition and operating requirements of our subsidiaries, may limit our ability to obtain cash from our subsidiaries.  The earnings
          from, or other available assets of, our subsidiaries might not be sufficient to pay dividends or make distributions or loans to enable us to pay any dividends on our common stock or other obligations.  Any of the foregoing could materially and
          adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.

31

Index

We do not expect to pay any cash dividends for the foreseeable future.

The continued operation and expansion of our business will require substantial funding.  We do not anticipate that we will pay any dividends to holders of our common stock for the foreseeable
          future.  Any payment of cash dividends will be at the discretion of our Board and will depend on our financial condition, capital requirements, legal requirements, earnings, and other factors.  Our ability to pay dividends is restricted by the
          terms of our Credit Facility and might be restricted by the terms of any indebtedness that we incur in the future.  Accordingly, realization of any gain on our common stock will depend on the appreciation of the price of the shares of our common
          stock, which may never occur.

Our business

and reputation may be adversely affected by environmental, social, and governance matters.

Investor and regulatory focus has intensified with respect to certain environmental, social, and governance (“ESG”) matters.  These matters include, among others, efforts and mitigation of the
          impact of climate change, human rights matters, ethics and compliance with law, diversity, equity and inclusion, and the role of the Board in supervising various ESG and sustainability issues.  Additionally, in the retail industry, the materials
          used in the merchandise we sell as well as where we source our merchandise is of particular importance.

Further, investment in funds that specialize in companies that perform well in ESG assessments have both gained popularity and been subject to criticism, and several major institutional
          investors and advisors have publicly emphasized or disfavored the importance of ESG measures to their investment decisions and recommendations.  Investors who are focused on ESG matters may look either positively or negatively upon enhanced ESG
          disclosures or implementation of ESG policies and procedures, and our response may fall short of expectations in either case.  There can be no assurances that shareholders will not advocate, via proxy contests, media campaigns, or by other public
          or private means, for us to either take more ESG focused actions on an accelerated timeline or not to do so.

There can be no certainty that we will successfully navigate or manage all of the ESG issues, or that we will successfully meet the expectations of investors or others.  Any failure or
          perceived failure by us in this regard could have a material adverse effect on our reputation with governments, customers, employees, other third parties and the communities and industries in which we operate, as well as on our business, share
          price, financial condition, access to capital, or results of operations.

INDEBTEDNESS AND CAPITALIZATION

Indebtedness may limit our ability to invest in the ongoing needs of our business, and if we are unable to comply with our financial covenants, it could have a material
          adverse effect on our liquidity and our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

The Company’s credit facility (the “Credit Facility”) provides for a five-year $100.0 million revolving credit facility, which includes a $45.0 million sub-facility for letters of credit and a
          $25.0 million sub-facility for swingline loans (the “Revolving Credit Facility”).  As of February 1, 2025, we had no outstanding borrowings on the Revolving Credit Facility, with $85.8 million of borrowing availability.  We may, from time to
          time, incur additional indebtedness.

32

Index

The agreements governing our Credit Facility place certain conditions on us, including restrictions that may, among other items:

•

increase our vulnerability to adverse general economic or industry conditions;

•

limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business or the industries in which we operate;

•

make us more vulnerable to increases in interest rates, as borrowings under our Credit Facility are at variable rates;

•

limit our ability to obtain additional financing in the future for working capital or other purposes;

•

require us to utilize our cash flows from operations to make payments on indebtedness, reducing the availability of our cash flows to fund working capital, capital expenditures, development activity, and other general corporate
                  purposes; and

•

place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less indebtedness.

Our Credit Facility places certain limitations on our ability to incur additional indebtedness.  However, subject to the qualifications and exceptions in our Credit Facility, we may be permitted to incur
          substantial additional indebtedness and may incur obligations that do not constitute indebtedness under the terms of the Credit Facility.  Our Credit Facility also places certain limitations on, among other items, our ability to enter into
          certain types of transactions, financing arrangements and investments, to make certain changes to our capital structure, and to guarantee certain indebtedness.  Our Credit Facility also places certain restrictions on the payment of dividends and
          distributions, as well as certain management fees.  These restrictions limit or prohibit, among other things, our ability to:

•

pay dividends on, redeem, or repurchase our stock, or make other distributions;

•

incur or guarantee additional indebtedness;

•

sell stock in our subsidiaries;

•

create or incur liens;

•

make acquisitions or investments;

•

transfer or sell certain assets or merge or consolidate with or into other companies;

•

make certain payments or prepayments of indebtedness subordinated to our obligations under our Credit Facility; and

•

enter into certain transactions with our affiliates.

Failure to comply with certain covenants or the occurrence of a change of control under our Credit Facility could result in the acceleration of our obligations under the Credit Facility, which
          could materially adversely affect our liquidity, capital resources, and results of operations.

Under certain circumstances, our Credit Facility requires us to comply with certain financial covenants regarding our fixed charge coverage ratio.  Failure to comply could result in a default
          and an acceleration of our obligations under the Credit Facility, which could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity and our business, financial condition, and results of operations.  See “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
          Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Liquidity and Capital Resources - Credit Facilities.”

33

Index

We may be unable to generate sufficient cash flows to satisfy debt service obligations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business,
          financial condition, and results of operations.

Our ability to make principal and interest payments on and to refinance indebtedness will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future and is subject to general economic, financial,
          competitive, legislative, regulatory, and other factors that are beyond our control.  If our business does not generate sufficient cash flows from operations, in the amounts projected or at all, or if future borrowings are not available to us in
          amounts sufficient to fund our other liquidity needs, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.  If we cannot generate sufficient cash flows from operations to make scheduled principal
          and interest payments in the future, we may need to refinance all or a portion of indebtedness on or before maturity, sell assets, delay capital expenditures, or seek additional equity.  The terms of future debt agreements, including our Credit
          Facility, may also restrict us from affecting any of these alternatives.  Further, changes in the credit and capital markets, including market disruptions and interest rate fluctuations, may increase the cost of financing, make it more difficult
          to obtain favorable terms, or restrict our access to these sources of future liquidity.  If we are unable to refinance indebtedness on commercially reasonable terms or at all or to affect any other action relating to indebtedness on satisfactory
          terms or at all, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

We cannot guarantee that our share repurchase program will be fully consummated or that it will enhance long-term stockholder value.

We have adopted a share repurchase program under which an aggregate of $400 million was previously authorized, and, as of the expiration of the 2024 fiscal year, approximately $32.7 million
          remained available.  On March 19, 2025, the Company announced that the Board of Directors approved an increase to the amount available under the existing repurchase program by an additional, incremental amount of up to $300 million and approved
          the extension of the term of such program from March 31, 2026 to March 31, 2029.  While the authorization of the repurchase program has an expiration date, the authorizations are subject to extension or earlier termination by the Board of
          Directors at any time.  We are not obligated to repurchase a specified number or dollar value of shares under our share repurchase program, and all repurchase decisions are made in our sole discretion.  Even if our share repurchase program is
          fully executed, it may not enhance long-term stockholder value.  Also, the amount, timing, and execution of our share repurchase program may fluctuate based on our priorities for the use of cash for other purposes and because of changes in cash
          flows, tax laws, and the market price of our common stock.

Item 1B.

Unresolved Staff Comments

None.

34

Index

Item 1C.

Cybersecurity

The Board recognizes the importance of maintaining the trust and confidence of our customers, associates, vendors, and other business partners through the effective management of Company enterprise risks.  The Board,
          through its Audit Committee, oversees the Company’s risk management program, and cybersecurity represents an important component of the Company’s overall approach to enterprise risk management (“ERM”).  
Cybersecurity policies, standards, processes, and practices comprise an integral part of the Company’s ERM program
 and are based on recognized frameworks established by the
          National Institute of Standards and Technology, the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard and other applicable industry standards. 
In general, the Company addresses cybersecurity risks through a comprehensive, cross-functional
          approach focused on preserving the confidentiality, security, and availability of the information that the Company collects and stores by, first, identifying, preventing, and mitigating cybersecurity threats and, when needed, effectively
          responding to cybersecurity incidents.

Risk Management and
        Strategy

The Company’s
        cybersecurity program focuses on the following key areas:

•

As discussed in more detail under the heading “Governance,” the Board oversees the Company’s ERM functions through its Audit Committee (the “Audit Committee”).  The Audit Committee, in turn, oversees the Company’s Risk Management
                Committee (the “Risk Committee”), which includes the Company’s Chief Information Officer (“CIO”), who fulfills the role of Chief Information Security Officer (“CISO”), other members of management, and select personnel from key departments. 
                The Risk Committee regularly meets to discuss, evaluate, and address the ever-changing landscape of enterprise risks.  The Risk Committee then reports to, and solicits direction and input from, the Audit Committee.

•

The Company has implemented a comprehensive, cross functional approach to identifying, mitigating, and preventing cybersecurity threats and incidents, while also implementing controls and procedures that provide for the prompt escalation
                of certain cybersecurity incidents, so that management can make decisions regarding the public disclosure and reporting of such incidents in a timely manner.  The Board, Company management, other key associates, and outside vendors and
                service providers work together and diligently at all levels of the ERM function.

•

The Company deploys technical safeguards that are designed to protect the Company’s information systems from cybersecurity threats, including firewalls, intrusion prevention and detection systems, anti-malware functionality, and access
                controls, which the Company evaluates and improves through vulnerability assessments and cybersecurity threat intelligence.

•

The Company has established and maintains comprehensive incident response and recovery plans that fully address the Company’s response to a cybersecurity incident.  Such plans are tested and evaluated on a regular basis.

•

The Company maintains a comprehensive, risk-based approach to identifying and overseeing cybersecurity risks presented by third parties (including vendors, service providers, and other external users of the Company’s systems) as well as the systems of third parties that could adversely impact the Company’s business in the event of a cybersecurity incident affecting those third-party systems.

•

The Company conducts regular training for its associates regarding cybersecurity threats, as means to equip the Company’s associates with effective tools to address cybersecurity threats and to communicate the Company’s evolving
                information security policies, standards, processes, and practices.

The Company regularly
        assesses and tests the Company’s policies, standards, processes, and practices that are designed to address cybersecurity threats and incidents.  These efforts include a wide range of activities, including audits, assessments, tabletop exercises,
        threat modeling, vulnerability testing, and other exercises focused on evaluating the effectiveness of our cybersecurity measures. 
The Company regularly engages third parties to perform assessments on our cybersecurity measures, including information security maturity assessments, audits, and independent reviews of our information security control environment and operating effectiveness.

        The CIO’s team reports the results of such assessments, audits, and reviews to the Risk Committee and the Audit Committee on a quarterly basis, and the Company adjusts its cybersecurity policies, standards, processes, and practices as necessary
        based on the valuable information gleaned during these assessments, audits, and reviews.

35

Index

Governance and Board Oversight

The Board, through its
          Audit Committee, pursuant to the Audit Committee’s charter, and in coordination with the Company’s Risk Committee, oversees the Company’s ERM process, including the management of risks arising from cybersecurity threats.

The Risk Committee solicits regular presentations and reports on cybersecurity risks from various departments within the Company, expressly seeking a wide range of input and viewpoints on the ERM process. The Risk Committee considers
          topics such as recent developments, evolving standards, vulnerability assessments, third-party and independent reviews, the threat environment, technological trends, and information security considerations arising with respect to the Company’s
          peers and third parties.

On a quarterly basis, the Risk Committee meets to discuss ERM, including cybersecurity processes, keeping adequate records of its consideration of the applicable ERM topics.  The Risk Committee reports quarterly to the Board’s Audit Committee, responding to the comments, questions, directives, and input from the members thereof, and engaging in a fulsome discussion of the Company’s approach to, among other things, cybersecurity risk management.

Company Management

The CIO, in
        coordination with the Company’s IT Security and Compliance (“ITSEC”) team works collaboratively across the Company to implement a program designed to protect the Company’s information systems from cybersecurity threats and to promptly respond to
        any cybersecurity incidents in accordance with the Company’s incident response and recovery plans.

The CIO has served various roles in information technology
        for over 33 years, including 17 years with responsibility in overseeing cybersecurity efforts in large publicly traded companies.  The ITSEC team includes a dedicated manager and security analysts.  The ITSEC team also has access to two dedicated
        consultants who each have over 20 years’ experience managing cybersecurity risk and infrastructure security in large publicly-traded companies.

The Company’s Incident
        Response Team, which includes the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer, CIO, and General Counsel, receives prompt and timely information regarding any cybersecurity incident that meets established reporting
        thresholds, as well as ongoing updates regarding any such incident until it has been addressed.

To facilitate the success of the Company’s cybersecurity components of the ERM program, multidisciplinary teams throughout the Company are deployed to address cybersecurity threats and to respond to cybersecurity incidents.  
Through ongoing communications with these teams, the CIO and the ITSEC team monitor the prevention, detection, mitigation, and remediation of cybersecurity threats and incidents in real time and report such threats and incidents to the Risk Committee and Audit Committee when appropriate.

Cybersecurity Risks

Despite the security
        measures we have implemented, certain cybersecurity incidents could disrupt our operational systems if our IT resources are compromised by an intentional attack which results in the loss of trade secrets or other proprietary or competitively
        sensitive information; compromises personally identifiable information regarding customers or employees; delays our ability to deliver products to customers; jeopardizes the security of our facilities; or causes other damage.

During the fiscal year ended February 1, 2025, we did not experience any material impact to our business, financial position, or operations resulting from previously identified cyberattacks or other information security incidents
, but we cannot provide assurance that they will not be materially affected in the future by such risks or any future material breaches. While our lack of an online
        shopping option or an omnichannel customer experience may pose risks to our business, the same aspect of our operations insulates us from the same level of cybersecurity risks relative to those peers.

36

Index

We continuously seek to
        maintain a robust program of information security and controls, but the impact of a material cybersecurity incident could have an adverse effect on our competitive position, reputation, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows.

Additionally, while we
        have a cybersecurity program designed to protect and preserve the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our information systems, we also maintain cybersecurity insurance to manage potential liabilities resulting from specific
        cyber-attacks.  Although we maintain cybersecurity insurance, there can be no guarantee that our insurer(s) will cover specific claims, pay the full costs of an incident, or provide payment in a timely manner.

For more information,
        please see “Item 1A – Risk Factors – Technology and Cybersecurity.”