Item 1.

Business.

Our company

Ollie’s is America’s largest retailer of closeout merchandise and excess inventory. Our stores sell name brand household related items that consumers use in their everyday lives at prices that
          are typically 20% to 70% below traditional retailers.  Known for our assortment of products offered as “Good Stuff Cheap,” we offer customers a broad selection of brand name products, including housewares, bed and bath, food, floor coverings,
          health and beauty aids, books and stationery, toys and electronics. Our differentiated go-to market strategy is characterized by a unique, fun and engaging treasure hunt shopping experience, compelling customer value proposition and witty,
          humorous in-store signage, and advertising campaigns. These attributes have driven our rapid growth and strong and consistent store performance.

Ollie’s was founded based on the idea that “everyone in America loves a bargain.” Since opening our first store in Mechanicsburg, PA in 1982, Ollie’s has been offering customers
            high quality brand name products at drastically reduced prices through the buying and selling of closeout merchandise and excess inventory. Historically, we have expanded our store base by opening new stores organically. 
More recently,
          we have expanded our store base through acquiring former store locations of bankrupt retailers through the bankruptcy store auction process. We follow a contiguous unit growth strategy that combines 
backfilling
            existing markets and states with entering new markets and states in a contiguous manner. As of February 1, 2025 we have grown to 559 stores in 31 states. Our no-frills, “semi-lovely” warehouse style stores average approximately 32,000 square
            feet and generate consistently strong financial returns across all vintages, geographic regions, population densities, demographic groups, real estate formats and regardless of any co-tenant. Our business model has resulted in positive
            financial performance during strong and weak economic cycles.

The closeout industry is large, highly fragmented, and growing. Fueling the growth is the consolidation of retailers and manufacturers around the globe. Larger retailers are being supplied by
          larger manufacturers and this is leading to larger order and product flows. In addition, manufacturers are constantly developing and introducing new products, new packaging, and working around endless changes and disruptions in the marketplace
          and supply chain. This is driving growth in the number of products being offered for sale by manufacturers at closeout-type prices. At the same time, the retail side of the closeout industry is highly fragmented, with many independent operators
          and small format stores.

Our constantly changing merchandise assortment is procured by a highly experienced merchant team, who leverage deep, long-standing relationships with hundreds of major manufacturers,
          wholesalers, distributors, brokers, and retailers. These relationships enable our merchant team to find and select only the best buys from a broad range of brand name closeout product offerings and to pass drastically reduced prices along to our
          customers. As we grow, we believe our increased scale has provided and will continue to provide us with even greater access to brand name products as larger manufacturers seek larger buyers capable of acquiring an entire deal. Our merchant team
          augments these deals with directly sourced products, including Ollie’s own private label brands and other products exclusive to Ollie’s.

1

Index

Our business model has produced consistently strong growth and financial performance. From 2020 through 2024:

•

Our store base expanded from 388 stores to 559 stores, a compound annual growth rate, or CAGR, of 9.5% and we entered six new states;

•

Comparable store sales grew at an average rate of 2.0% per year; and

•

Net sales increased from $1.809 billion to $2.272 billion, a CAGR of 5.9%.

(1)
 2023 consisted of 53 weeks compared with 52 weeks in the prior-year periods.

Our competitive strengths

We believe the following strengths differentiate us from our competitors and serve as the foundation for our current and future growth:

“
Good Stuff Cheap”—Ever changing product assortment of national branded products at drastically reduced prices
.    We sell a wide
          assortment of household goods. Our focus is on national branded products that consumers know and recognize. Our stores offer something for everyone across a diverse range of merchandise categories at prices typically 20% to 70% off traditional
          retailers. Our product assortment frequently changes based on the wide variety of deals available from the hundreds of brand name suppliers we have relationships with. We augment these opportunistic deals on brand name merchandise with
          directly-sourced unbranded products or those under our own private label brands and exclusively licensed recognizable brands and celebrity names. Brand name closeout merchandise represented approximately 65% and non-closeout goods and private
          label products collectively represented approximately 35% of the retail value of our 2024 merchandise purchases.  Our treasure hunt shopping environment and slogan “when it’s gone, it’s gone” help to instill a “shop now” sense of urgency that
          encourages frequent customer visits.

Our long history, growing size and scale and highly experienced merchant team
.    Since our founding in 1982, Ollie’s has been offering
          customers high quality brand name products at drastically reduced prices through the buying and selling of closeout merchandise and excess inventory. We have built our people, process and systems from the ground up around the buying and selling
          of closeout merchandise and excess inventory. As we grow, we believe our increased scale provides us with even greater access to brand name closeout products as larger manufacturers seek larger buyers. Our merchant team maintains strong,
          long-standing relationships with a diverse group of suppliers, allowing us to procure branded merchandise at compelling values for our customers. We have been doing business with our top 15 suppliers for an average of over 15 years.  Our
          well-established relationships with our suppliers, together with our scale, buying power, financial credibility and responsiveness, often make Ollie’s the first call for available deals. Our direct relationships with our suppliers have increased
          as we have grown and we continuously strive to broaden our supplier network. These factors provide us with increased access to goods, which enable us to be more selective in our deal-making and, we believe, help us provide compelling value and
          assortment of goods to our customers and fuel our continued profitable growth.

2

Index

Distinctive brand and engaging shopping experience
.    Our distinctive and often self-deprecating humor and highly recognizable
          caricatures are used in our stores, flyers, mailers, website, email campaigns, and digital marketing. We attempt to make our customers laugh as we poke fun at ourselves and current events. We believe this approach creates a strong connection to
          our brand and sets us apart from other, more traditional retailers. Our “semi-lovely” stores feature these same brand attributes together with witty signage in a warehouse format that creates a fun, relaxed and engaging shopping environment. We
          believe that by disarming our customers by getting them to giggle a bit, they are more likely to look at and trust our products for what they are—extremely great bargains. We offer a “30-day no hard time guarantee” as a means to overcome any
          skepticism associated with our cheap prices and to build trust and loyalty, because if our customers are not happy, we are not happy. We welcome customers to bring back their merchandise within that timeframe for a “no hard time” full refund. We
          also make it easy for our customers to browse our stores by displaying our products on easily accessible fixtures and by keeping the stores clean and well-lit. We believe our humorous brand image, compelling values and welcoming stores resonate
          with our customers and define Ollie’s as a unique and comfortable destination shopping location.

Extremely loyal “Ollie’s Army” customer base.
    Our best customers are members of our Ollie’s Army customer loyalty program, which stands
          at 15.1 million members as of February 1, 2025.  For 2024, over 82% of our sales were from Ollie’s Army members, and we grew our base of loyal members by 8.3% in 2024. Ollie’s Army members spend approximately 40% more per shopping trip at Ollie’s
          than non-members.  We identify our target customer as “anyone age 25 or older with a wallet or a purse” seeking a great bargain.

Opportunistic real estate strategy with strong and consistent store model built for growth.
    We employ a proven new store model that
          generates strong cash flow, consistent financial results and attractive returns on investment. Our highly flexible real estate approach has proven successful across all vintages, geographic regions, population densities, demographic groups, real
          estate formats and regardless of any co-tenant. New stores have consistently opened strong, with higher net sales in their first 12 months of operations, than average existing stores due to the brand excitement surrounding grand openings and
          produced an average payback period of approximately two years. We believe that our consistent store performance, strategically-located distribution centers, and disciplined approach to site selection support the portability and predictability of
          our growth strategy.

Highly experienced and passionate management team
.    Our leadership team has guided our organization through its expansion and positioned
          us for continued growth. We have assembled a talented and dedicated team of executives. Our senior executives possess extensive experience across a broad range of disciplines, including merchandising, marketing, real estate, finance, store
          operations, supply chain management, and information technology. We believe by encouraging equity ownership and fostering a strong team culture, we have aligned the interests of our executives with those of our stockholders. We believe these
          factors result in a cohesive team focused on sustainable long-term growth.

Our growth strategy

We plan to continue to drive growth in sales and profitability by executing on the following strategies:

Grow our store base.
  We believe our compelling value proposition and the success of our stores across a broad range of geographic
          regions, population densities, and demographic groups create a significant opportunity to profitably increase our store count. Our internal estimates and third-party research conducted by Hoffman Strategy Group indicate the potential for more
          than 1,300 national locations. Our new store real estate model is flexible and focuses predominately on second generation sites ranging in size from 25,000 to 35,000 square feet. We believe there is an ample supply of suitable low-cost, second
          generation real estate to allow us to infill within our existing markets as well as to expand into new, contiguous geographies. This approach leverages our distribution infrastructure, field management team, store management, marketing
          investments and brand awareness. We expect our new store openings to be the primary driver of our continued, consistent growth in sales and profitability.

3

Index

Increase our offerings of great bargains.    
We will continue to enhance our supplier relationships and develop additional sources to
          acquire brand name closeout products for our customers. Our direct buying relationships with many major manufacturers, wholesalers, distributors, brokers, and retailers provide us with significant opportunities to expand our ever-changing
          assortment of brand name closeout merchandise at extreme values.  As we continue to grow, we believe our increased scale will provide us with even greater access to brand name closeout products as major manufacturers seek a single buyer to
          acquire an entire deal. We plan to further invest in our merchandising team in order to expand and enhance our sourcing relationships and product categories, which we expect will drive shopping frequency and increase customer spending.

Leverage and expand Ollie’s Army.
    We intend to recruit new Ollie’s Army members and increase their frequency of store visits and
          spending by enhancing our distinctive, fun and recognizable marketing programs, building brand awareness, further rewarding member loyalty and utilizing more sophisticated data-driven targeted marketing. In an effort to expand the benefits
          available to our Customers under the Ollie’s Army loyalty program the Company launched a co-branded credit card which provides Ollie’s loyalty program members additional points whenever they use their Ollie’s card for purchases at Ollie’s and
          anywhere the co-branded card is accepted. We believe these strategies, coupled with a larger store base, will enable us to increase the amount of sales driven by loyal Ollie’s Army customers seeking the next great deal.

Segments

We operate in one reporting segment.  See Note 12, “Segment Reporting and Entity-Wide Information,” to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Our merchandise

Strategy

We sell a wide assortment of household goods. Our focus is on national branded products that consumers know and recognize. We offer a highly differentiated, constantly evolving assortment of
          brand name merchandise across a broad range of categories at drastically reduced prices. Our ever-changing assortment of “Good Stuff Cheap” includes brand name closeout merchandise from leading manufacturers. We augment our brand name merchandise
          with opportunistic purchases of unbranded goods and our own domestic and direct-import private label brands in underpenetrated categories to further enhance the assortment of products that we offer. Brand name closeout merchandise represented
          approximately 65% and non-closeout goods and private label products collectively represented approximately 35% of the retail value of our 2024 merchandise purchases.  We believe our compelling value proposition and the unique nature of our
          merchandise offerings have fostered our customer appeal across a variety of demographics and socioeconomic profiles.

Our warehouse format stores feature a broad number of categories including housewares, bed and bath, food, floor coverings, health and beauty aids, books and stationery, toys, and electronics
          as well as other products including hardware, candy, clothing, sporting goods, pet and lawn and garden products. We focus on buying cheap to sell cheap and source products as unique buying opportunities present themselves. Our merchandise mix is
          designed to combine unique and brand name bargains at extremely attractive price points. This approach results in frequently changing product assortments and localized offerings that encourage shopper frequency and a “shop now” sense of urgency
          as customers hunt to discover the next deal.

The common element of our dynamic merchandise selection is the consistent delivery of great deals to our customers, with products offered at prices typically 20 to 70% off traditional
          retailers. Our product price tags allow customers to compare our competitor’s price against Ollie’s price to further highlight the savings they can realize by shopping at our stores.

4

Index

Product categories and mix

Examples of our product offerings include:

•

Housewares:
   cooking utensils, dishes, appliances, plastic containers, cutlery, paper goods, storage and garbage bags, detergents and cleaning
                  supplies, cookware and glassware, candles, hardware, frames, and giftware;

•

Bed and bath:
   household goods including bedding, towels, curtains, and associated hardware;

•

Food:
   packaged food including coffee, bottled non-carbonated beverages, salty snacks, candy, condiments, sauces, spices, dry pasta, canned goods,
                  cereal, and cookies;

•

Floor coverings:
   laminate flooring, commercial and residential carpeting, area rugs, and floor mats;

•

Books and stationery:
   novels, children’s, how-to, business, cooking, inspirational and coffee table books, greeting cards and various office
                  supplies;

•

Electronics:

home electronics, cellular accessories, and as seen on television;

•

Toys:
   dolls, action figures, puzzles, educational toys, board games, and other related items;

•

Health and beauty aids:

personal care, hair care, oral care, health and wellness, over-the-counter medicine,
                  first aid, sun care, and personal grooming;

•

Seasonal:
   summer furniture, air conditioners, fans and space heaters, and lawn & garden; and

•

Other:
   clothing, sporting goods, pet products, luggage, and automotive.

The following table shows the breakdown of our product offerings as a percentage of net sales for each of the last three fiscal years:

Percentage of Net Sales

 2024

2023

2022

Consumables 
(1)

31.9

%

30.3

%

28.2

%

Home 
(1)

28.0

%

29.2

%

31.7

%

Seasonal

19.2

%

18.7

%

17.8

%

Other

20.9

%

21.8

%

22.3

%

Total

100.0

%

100.0

%

100.0

%

(1)

In fiscal 2024, the Company reclassified certain products out of the Home category and into the Consumables category. These products included cleaning supplies, floor care, and other
                  products such as paper goods. Prior periods have been adjusted for comparability.

Consumables
 includes items such as health and beauty aids, food, candy, pet food, detergents and cleaning supplies.

Home
 includes items such as housewares, domestics, floor coverings, and hardware. 
Seasonal
 includes items such as summer furniture, air conditioners, fans and
          space heaters, toys, and lawn & garden. 
Other
 includes items such as books and stationery, electronics, clothing, sporting goods, pet products, luggage, and automotive.

5

Index

Product categories

We maintain consistent average margins across our primary product categories described below.

Brand name closeout merchandise

Brand name closeout merchandise represented approximately 65% of the retail value of our 2024 merchandise purchases.  Our focus is to provide huge savings to our customers primarily through
          brand name products across a broad range of merchandise. Our experienced merchant team purchases deeply discounted, branded or closeout merchandise primarily from manufacturers, retailers, distributors, and brokers. This merchandise includes
          overstocks, discontinued merchandise, package changes, cancelled orders, excess inventory and buybacks from retailers, and major manufacturers.

Non-closeout goods/private label

Non-closeout and private label products collectively represented approximately 35% of the retail value of our 2024 merchandise purchases.  We augment the breadth of our brand name merchandise
          with non-closeout and private label merchandise. In categories where the consumer is not as brand conscious, such as food, home textiles, and furniture, or when we may not be offering a current brand name merchandise deal, we will buy deeply
          discounted unbranded merchandise. These extreme value offerings are mixed in the stores with our brand name merchandise. We also have a variety of domestic and direct-import private label merchandise and exclusive products sold under numerous
          brands. These high-quality products are developed in key categories such as housewares and are designed to create brand-like excitement and complement our brand name merchandise. We also have licenses for private label products that use
          recognizable celebrity names or brand names. We routinely evaluate the quality and condition of these private label goods to ensure that we are delivering our customer a high-quality product at a great price.

Merchandise procurement and distribution

Our disciplined buying strategy and strict adherence to purchasing margins support our merchandising strategy of buying cheap to sell cheap.

Merchandising team

Our merchant team maintains strong, long-standing relationships with a diverse group of suppliers, allowing us to procure branded merchandise at compelling values for our customers.  Our
          merchants specialize by department in order to build category expertise, in-depth knowledge and sourcing relationships. We believe our buying approach, coupled with long-standing and newly formed relationships, enable us to find the best deals
          from major manufacturers and pass drastically reduced prices along to our customers. We plan to further invest in and grow our merchandising team in order to expand and enhance our sourcing relationships and product categories, which we expect
          will drive shopping frequency and increase customer spending.

Merchandise procurement

We believe that our strong sourcing capabilities are the result of our tenured merchant team’s ability to leverage deep, long-standing relationships with hundreds of manufacturers, wholesalers,
          brokers, retailers, and other suppliers. Our merchants maintain direct relationships with brand manufacturers, regularly attend major tradeshows and travel the world to source extreme value offerings across a broad assortment of product
          categories. We are an ideal partner to major manufacturers because our merchants are experienced and empowered to make quick decisions. Each opportunity is unique, and our merchants negotiate directly with the supplier to lock in a particular
          deal. Our ability to select the most attractive opportunistic purchases from a growing number of available deals enables us to provide a wide assortment of goods to our customers at great bargain prices.

6

Index

We source from over 1,200 suppliers. Our dedication to building strong relationships with suppliers is evidenced by an average relationship of over 15-years with our top 15 suppliers. As we
          continue to grow, we believe our increased scale will provide us with even greater access to brand name products since many major manufacturers seek a single buyer to acquire the entire deal.

Distribution and logistics

We have made significant investments in our distribution network and personnel to support our store growth plan. Our stores generally receive shipments from our distribution centers one to two
          times a week, depending on the season and specific store size and sales volume. We utilize independent third-party freight carriers.

We currently

operate four distribution centers, which supply approximately 95% of our merchandise to our stores. These distribution
            centers are centrally located in, York, PA (804,000 square feet), Commerce, GA (962,000 square feet), Lancaster, TX (615,000 square feet), and Princeton, IL (615,000 square feet).

We completed the construction of our Princeton, IL distribution center in the second quarter of 2024 and began shipping product from this facility in July 2024. With the addition of our fourth
          distribution center, we believe our distribution capabilities will support up to 750 stores.

Our stores

As of February 1, 2025, we operated 559 stores, averaging approximately 32,000 square feet, across 31 contiguous states in the eastern half of the United States. Our highly flexible real estate
          approach has proven successful across all vintages, geographic regions, population densities, demographic groups, real estate formats and regardless of any co-tenant. Our business model has resulted in positive financial performance during strong
          and weak economic cycles. We have successfully opened stores in six new states since 2020, highlighting the portability of our new store model.

In fiscal 2022, the Company implemented an ongoing store improvement initiative to provide our customers with an updated shopping experience, which showcases our tremendous value and the
          amazing deals we offer in an organized and easy to navigate store format. We have remodeled 76 stores to date and 20 stores in fiscal 2024 and continue to see a sales uplift in newly remodeled locations.  With a relatively low upfront investment,
          our remodels have produced on average a payback period of approximately two years.

Beginning in fiscal 2024 into fiscal 2025, the Company has acquired a number of locations from former retailers through bankruptcy auction processes. As a result of these acquisitions, the
          Company has increased its new store opening growth target to 75 stores for the upcoming year. In an effort to optimize the store opening cadence the Company has prioritized the opening of these acquired locations and shifted resources
          accordingly. This resulted in fewer store remodels in fiscal 2024, and we expect this to continue in fiscal 2025.

7

Index

The following map shows the number of stores in each of the states in which we operated as of February 1, 2025:

Store design and layout

All of our warehouse format stores incorporate the same philosophy: no-frills, bright, “semi-lovely” stores and a fun, treasure hunt shopping experience. We present our stores as “semi-lovely”
          to differentiate our stores from other traditional retailers, and to minimize operating and build-out costs. Our stores also welcome our customers with vibrant and colorful caricatures together with witty signage. We attempt to make our customers
          laugh as we poke fun at ourselves and current events. We believe that by disarming our customers by getting them to giggle a bit, they are able to look at and trust our products for what they are—extremely great bargains.

We believe the store layout and merchandising strategy help to encourage a “shop now” sense of urgency and increase frequency of customer visits as customers never know what they might come
          across in our stores. We make it easy for our customers to browse our stores by displaying our frequently changing assortment of products on rolling tables, pallets and other display fixtures. Our store team leaders are responsible for
          maintaining our treasure hunt shopping experience, keeping the stores clean and well-lit and ensuring our customers are engaged.  We believe our humorous brand image, compelling values and welcoming stores resonate with our customers and define
          Ollie’s as a unique and comfortable destination shopping location.

Expansion opportunities and site selection

We believe we can profitably expand our store count on a national scale to more than 1,300 locations based on internal estimates and third-party research conducted by Hoffman Strategy Group.
          Our disciplined real estate strategy focuses on infilling existing geographies as well as expanding into contiguous markets in order to leverage our distribution infrastructure, field management team, store management, marketing investments and
          brand awareness.

8

Index

We maintain a pipeline of real estate sites that have been approved by our real estate committee. Our recent store growth is summarized in the following table:

 2024

2023

2024

Stores open at beginning of year

512

468

431

Stores opened

50

45

40

Stores closed

(3

)

(1

)

(3

)

Stores open at end of year

559

512

468

We utilize a rigorous site selection and real estate approval process in order to leverage our infrastructure, marketing investments and brand awareness. Members of our real estate team spend
          considerable time evaluating prospective sites before bringing a new lease proposal to our real estate committee, which is comprised of senior management and executive officers. Our flexible store layout allows us to quickly take over a variety
          of low-cost, second-generation sites, including former big box retail and grocery stores.

We believe there is an ample supply of suitable low-cost, second-generation real estate allowing us to infill within our existing markets as well as to expand into new, contiguous
            geographies. By focusing on key characteristics such as proximity to the nearest Ollie’s store, ability to leverage distribution infrastructure, visibility, traffic counts, population densities, and low rent per square foot, we have developed a
            new store real estate model that has consistently delivered attractive returns on invested capital.
 In addition, 
in fiscal 2024, the Company acquired a number of new locations through the
            bankruptcy auction processes of various retailers, at favorable rental terms and leasing structures to current market conditions. This augments the Company’s pipeline of new stores for our accelerated growth strategy.

Our strong unit growth is supported by our predictable and compelling new store model. We target a store size between 25,000 to 35,000 square feet and an average initial cash investment of
          approximately $1.0 million,

which includes store fixtures and equipment, store-level and distribution center inventory (net of payables) and pre-opening expenses.
          With our relatively low investment costs and strong new store opening performance, we target first-year annual new store sales of approximately $4.0 million.  New stores have consistently opened strong, with higher net sales in their first 12
          months of operations, than average existing stores due to brand excitement surrounding grand openings and produced an average payback period of approximately two years. We believe that our consistent store performance, corporate infrastructure,
          including our distribution centers, and disciplined approach to site selection support the portability and predictability of our new unit growth strategy.

Store-level management and training

Our Senior Vice President of Store Operations oversees all store activities. Our stores are grouped into six regions, divided generally along geographic lines. We employ regional directors, who
          have responsibility for the day-to-day operations of the stores in their region. Reporting to the regional directors are district team leaders and market team leaders who each manage a group of stores in their markets. At the store level, the
          leadership team consists of a store team leader and potentially a co-team leader and/or an assistant team leader, who supervise the full and part-time associates within the store.

Each store team leader is responsible for the daily operations of the store, including the processing of merchandise to the sales floor and the presentation of goods throughout the store. Store
          team leaders are trained to maintain a clean and appealing store environment for our customers. Store team leaders and co-team leaders are also responsible for the hiring, training, and development of associates.

9

Index

We work tirelessly to hire talented people, to improve our ability to assess talent during the interview process and to regularly train those individuals at Ollie’s who are responsible for
          interviewing candidates. We also devote substantial resources to training our new managers through our Team Leader Training Program. This program operates at designated training stores located across our footprint. It provides an in-depth review
          of our operations, including merchandising, policies and procedures, asset protection and safety, and human resources. Part-time associates receive structured training as part of their onboarding.

For additional information on store-level management training and initiatives by the Company, see the discussion of Human Capital below.

Marketing and advertising

Our marketing and advertising campaigns feature colorful caricatures and witty sayings in order to make our customers laugh. We believe that by disarming our customers by getting them to giggle
          a bit, they are able to look at and trust our products for what they are—extremely great bargains. Our distinctive and often self-deprecating humor and highly recognizable caricatures are used in all of our stores, flyers and advertising
          campaigns.

We tailor our marketing mix and strategy for each market, deal or promotion. We primarily use the following forms of marketing and advertising:

•

Print and direct mail
: Our flyers are typically distributed semi-monthly, with increased frequency in peak shopping periods, and serve as the foundation of our marketing
                  strategy, to remain top of mind with our shoppers. They highlight current deals to create shopping urgency and drive traffic and increase frequency of store visits;

•

Television and radio
: We selectively utilize creative television/
o
ver the top television (“OTT”)
                    and radio advertising campaigns in targeted markets throughout the year, to create brand awareness and support new store openings;

•

Charity and community events
: We are dedicated to maintaining a visible presence in the communities in which our stores are located through the sponsorship of charitable
                  organizations such as Feeding America, Toys for Tots, Children’s Miracle Network, and the Cal Ripken, Sr. Foundation. We believe supporting these organizations promotes our brand, underscores our values and builds a sense of community;
                  and

•

Digital marketing and social media
: We maintain an active online presence and promote our brand through our website, our mobile app, and digital and social media
                  platforms, including influencers across TikTok, Instagram, YouTube and Facebook. We also utilize targeted email marketing to highlight our latest brand name offerings and drive traffic to our stores.

Ollie’s Army

Our customer loyalty program, Ollie’s Army, stands at 15.1 million members as of February 1, 2025, an increase of 8.3% from 2023. In 2024, Ollie’s Army members accounted for over 82% of net
          sales and spent approximately 40% more per shopping trip, on average, than non-members.  Consistent with our marketing strategy, we engage new and existing Ollie’s Army members through the use of witty phrases and signage; examples include
          “Enlist in Ollie’s Army today,” “become one of the few, the cheap, the proud” and “Ollie’s Army Boot Camp…all enlistees will receive 15% off their next purchase.” Throughout the year, for every $250 Ollie’s Army members spend, they receive a
          coupon for 10% off their next entire purchase.  Ollie’s Army ‘ranks’ are another savings opportunity for members.  For the first $250 and $500 members spend in a calendar year, they receive a coupon for 20% and 30% off of one item, respectively. 
          Historically, Ollie’s Army members have demonstrated high redemption rates for promotional activities exclusive to Ollie’s Army members, such as our Valentine’s, Boot Camp, and 15% off holiday mailers. In addition, Ollie’s Army members have
          historically enthusiastically responded to Ollie’s Army Night, an annual one-day after-hours sale in December exclusively for members.  We expect to continue leveraging the data gathered from our proprietary database of Ollie’s Army members to
          better segment and target our marketing initiatives and increase shopping frequency.

10

Index

In July of fiscal 2024, the Company launched a co-branded Visa® credit card in an effort to expand the benefits available to our Customers under the Ollie’s Army loyalty program. The Card
          Program is maintained by Sunbit, a leading financial technology solutions provider. Ollies Army Members can sign up for the card in stores and online. Customers are never charged fees, and the card features industry-high approval rates. The
          credit card helps increase Ollie’s brand presence in customers’ wallets, fostering long-term loyalty. Ollie’s loyalty program members earn additional points whenever they use their Ollie’s card for purchases at Ollie’s and anywhere else the card
          is accepted. The program was initially launched in Pennsylvania and will be rolled out across all stores by the end of fiscal 2025.

Competition

We compete with a diverse group of retailers, including discount, closeout, mass merchant, department, grocery, drug, convenience, hardware, variety, online, and other specialty stores.

The principal basis on which we compete against other retailers is by offering an ever-changing selection of brand name products at compelling price points in an exciting shopping environment.
          Accordingly, we compete against a fragmented group of retailers, wholesalers, and jobbers to acquire merchandise for sale in our stores.

Our established relationships with our suppliers, coupled with our scale, associated buying power, financial credibility and responsiveness, often makes Ollie’s the first call for available
          deals. Our direct relationships with suppliers have increased as we have grown, and we continuously strive to broaden our supplier network.

Trademarks and other intellectual property

We own multiple state and federally registered trademarks related to our brand, including “Ollie’s,” “Ollie’s Bargain Outlet,” “Good Stuff Cheap,” “Ollie’s Army,” “Real Brands Real Cheap!,” and
          “Real Brands! Real Bargains!,” among others. In addition, we maintain a federal trademark for the image of Ollie, the face of our company. We also own registered trademarks for many of our private labels such as “Sarasota Breeze,” “Steelton
          Tools,” “American Way,” and “Middleton Home,” among others.  We routinely prosecute trademarks where appropriate, both for private label goods and to further identify our goods and services. We enter into trademark license agreements as
          necessary, which may include our private label offerings, such as the Magnavox products available in our stores. Our trademark registrations have various expiration dates; however, assuming that the trademark registrations are properly renewed,
          they have a perpetual duration. We also own several domain names, including 
www.ollies.us, www.ollies.com, www.olliesbargainoutlet.com, www.olliesarmy.com, www.ollies.cheap, www.sarasotabreeze.com and
            www.olliesmail.com
, and unregistered copyrights in our website content. We attempt to obtain registration of our trademarks and other intellectual property as practical and pursue infringement of those marks when appropriate.

Technology

Our management information systems provide a full range of business process assistance and timely information to support our merchandising team and strategy, management of multiple distribution
          centers, stores and operations, and financial reporting. We believe our current systems provide us with operational efficiencies, scalability, management control, and timely reporting that allow us to identify and respond to merchandising and
          operating trends in our business. We use a combination of internal and external resources to support store point-of-sale, merchandise acquisition and distribution, inventory management, financial reporting, real estate, and administrative
          functions. We continuously assess ways to maximize productivity and efficiency, as well as evaluate opportunities to further enhance our existing systems. Our existing systems are scalable to support future growth.

11

Index

Government regulation

We are subject to state and federal laws including labor and employment laws, including minimum wage requirements and wage and hour laws, laws governing advertising, privacy laws, safety
          regulations, environmental laws and regulations, and other laws, including consumer protection regulations that regulate retailers and/or govern product standards, the promotion and sale of merchandise and the operation of stores and warehouse
          facilities. We monitor changes in these laws and believe that we are in material compliance with all applicable laws.

We source a portion of our products from outside the United States. The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other similar anti-bribery and anti-kickback laws and regulations generally
          prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to non-U.S. officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Our policies and our vendor code of conduct mandate compliance with applicable law, including
          these laws and regulations.

Human Capital

Attracting, developing, and retaining quality talent is key to our growth, and our success depends on cultivating an engaged and motivated workforce.

We work hard to create an environment where Ollie’s team members can build fulfilling careers and we take pride in providing opportunities for growth and development.

We seek to build a workplace of belonging where we can leverage our collective talents, striving
 to ensure that all associates are treated with dignity and respect.  We
          believe that a workforce with a diversity of viewpoints, background, experience and industry knowledge is key to our culture and long-term success.  We are committed to providing equal employment opportunities and advancement consideration to all
          individuals based on job-related qualifications and ability to perform the job as well as maintaining an environment that is free of intimidation or harassment.  We value the talents and contributions of our associates and by focusing on our team
          members we know that the entire Ollie’s community will be well served.

Oversight and Management

Our Human Resources department manages all associate matters, including recruiting, hiring, compensation and benefits, performance management, and associate training. In addition, our management team works closely
          with the Human Resources department to evaluate associate management issues such as retention and workplace safety. As we strive to retain and engage talent at all levels of our business, our Human Resources department also reviews our retention
          and turnover rates and administers our talent and training programs and review process to support the development of our talent pipeline.

Associates

As of February 1, 2025, we employed over 12,800 associates, approximately 5,900 of whom were full-time and approximately 6,900 of whom were part-time. Of our total associate base, approximately 1,200 were based at
          our store support center and distribution centers, and the remaining were store and field associates. The number of associates in a fiscal year fluctuates depending on the business needs at different times of the year. 
As of February 1, 2025, approximately 60% of our workforce is self-identified female and approximately 40% is self-identified male. Over 40% of our workforce has self-identified as having a racial or ethnic minority background.  
None

          of our associates belong to a union or are party to any collective bargaining or similar agreement.

12

Index

Associate Training and Development Programs

We offer a compelling work environment with meaningful growth and career-development opportunities. This starts with the opportunity to do challenging work and learn on the job and is
            supplemented by programs and continuous learning that help our team build skills to advance.  We encourage a “promote-from-within” environment when internal resources permit.  We also provide internal leadership development programs designed to
            prepare our high-potential team members for greater responsibility. We believe internal promotions, coupled with the hiring of individuals with previous retail experience, will provide the management structure necessary to support our long-term
            strategic growth initiatives.

Our Ollie’s Leadership Institute (“OLI”) is a program that is used to equip field associates with the ability to advance their career. Each OLI participant receives an individual development plan, designed to
          prepare them for their next level position. Reflecting our belief in our “home grown” talent, OLI is our preferred source for new supervisors and team leaders.  In 2024, over 60% of our current district team leaders were internally promoted to
          their position.  Company-wide, over 60% of our field positions were filled by internal promotions. We believe our training and development programs help create a positive work environment and result in stores that operate at a high level.

Compensation and Benefits

We are committed to providing market-competitive compensation for all positions. 
Eligible team members participate in one of our various bonus incentive programs, which provide
              the opportunity to receive additional compensation based upon store and/or Company performance. In addition, we provide our eligible team members the opportunity to participate in a 401(k) retirement savings plan with a Company-sponsored
              match. We also share in the cost of health insurance provided to eligible team members, and team members receive a discount on 
merchandise purchased from the Company. We additionally provide our team members with paid time off.

Workplace Health and Safety

Maintaining a safe and secure work environment is very important to us and we conduct our business in an environmentally sound manner based on customer needs and local requirements.   To further promote a safe work
          environment, we have established safety training programs. This includes administering an occupational injury- and illness-prevention program, together with an employee assistance program for team members.

Seasonality

Our business is seasonal in nature and demand is generally the highest in our fourth fiscal quarter due to the holiday sales season.  To prepare for the holiday sales season, we must order and keep in stock more
          merchandise than we carry during other times of the year and generally engage in additional marketing efforts.  We expect inventory levels, along with accounts payable and accrued expenses, to reach their highest levels in our third and fourth
          fiscal quarters in anticipation of increased net sales during the holiday sales season.  As a result of this seasonality, and generally because of variation in consumer spending habits, we experience fluctuations in net sales and working capital
          requirements during the year.  Because we offer a broad selection of merchandise at extreme values, we believe we are generally less impacted than other retailers by economic cycles, which correspond with declines in general consumer spending
          habits and we believe we still benefit from periods of increased consumer spending.

Available Information

Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act
          are available free of charge on our website, www.ollies.com, as soon as reasonably practicable after the electronic filing of such reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”).  The contents of our website are not, however, a part
          of this report or intended to be incorporated by reference in any other report or document we file with the SEC. The SEC also maintains a website (www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy, and information statements and other information
          regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC.

13

Index