Item 3. Legal Proceedings

37

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures

37

PART II

38

Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

38

Item 6. [Reserved]

40

Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

41

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

55

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

56

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure

97

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures

97

Item 9B. Other Information

98

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections

98

PART III

99

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance

99

Item 11. Executive Compensation

99

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters

99

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence

99

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services

99

PART IV

100

Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules

100

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary

106

SIGNATURES

107

POWER OF ATTORNEY

108

Appendix A, Schedule II

109

As used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (“
Annual Report
”), the terms “Verra Mobility,” the “Company,” “we,” “us,” or “our” refer to Verra Mobility Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries.

3

PART
 I

Item 1. B
usiness

Overview

We are a leading provider of smart mobility technology solutions, principally operating throughout the United States, Australia, Europe and Canada. Our goal is to make transportation safer, smarter and more connected through our integrated, data-driven solutions, including toll and violations management, title and registration services, automated safety and traffic enforcement and commercial parking management. We bring together vehicles, hardware, software, data and people to solve transportation challenges for customers around the world, including commercial fleet owners such as rental car companies (“
RACs
”), direct commercial fleet owner-operators (“
Direct Fleets
”) and fleet management companies (“
FMCs
”), as well as governments, universities, parking operators, healthcare facilities, transportation hubs and other violation-issuing authorities.

Segments

Our solutions are offered through three segments: (i) Commercial Services, (ii) Government Solutions and (iii) Parking Solutions.

Commercial Services

Our Commercial Services segment generated approximately $407.7 million in revenue for 2024, or approximately 46% of our total revenue. Commercial Services provides automated toll and violations management and title and registration solutions to RACs, Direct Fleets, FMCs and other large fleet owners primarily in North America. Our toll and violations management solutions are designed to facilitate the timely payment of tolls and violations incurred by our customers’ vehicles and perform timely transfers of liability on our customers’ behalf, and driver billing and collections, as applicable. We also manage regional toll transponder installation and vehicle association—a critical and highly complex process for RAC, Direct Fleet and FMC customers—to ensure that the transponders (and corresponding toll transactions) are associated with the correct vehicle.

We have long-standing relationships with, among others, the three largest RACs in the United States, Avis Budget Group, Enterprise Mobility and The Hertz Corporation. We also have relationships with key European RACs and leading FMCs in the United States. Through our established relationships with more than 50 individual tolling authorities throughout the United States, we provide an automated and outsourced administrative solution for our customers while also providing convenience for vehicle drivers and benefits to tolling and issuing authorities. Toll management solutions accounted for approximately 41% of our 2024 total revenues.

Our violations management solutions processes violations incurred by the drivers of RAC, Direct Fleet and FMC vehicles by working with more than 8,700 domestic violation-issuing authorities as of December 31, 2024, to either pay the fine on behalf of the vehicle owner (for which we are able to bill the driver) or to transfer liability directly to the vehicle driver. Vehicle-issued violations include parking and photo enforcement violations. In Europe, we specialize in the identification, notification and collection of unpaid traffic, parking and public transport related fees, charges and penalties issued to foreign registered vehicles or persons on behalf of issuing authorities in 20 European countries as of December 31, 2024. Violation management solutions accounted for approximately 4% of our 2024 total revenues.

Our title and registration solutions provide RAC, Direct Fleet and FMC customers with an integrated, end-to-end solution for managing vehicle titles and registrations and annual renewals. We provide automated title and registration solutions by working with individual departments of motor vehicles for title and registration processing in 18 states as of December 31, 2024. Title and registration solutions accounted for approximately 1% of our 2024 total revenues.

4

Government Solutions

Our Government Solutions segment generated approximately $390.9 million in revenue for 2024, or approximately 44% of our 2024 total revenue. Our Government Solutions segment is a provider of automated safety solutions primarily in the United States, Canada and Australia to state and local governments. In the United States, we provide government agencies with road safety cameras to detect and process traffic violations for red-light, speed, school bus, and city bus lanes. These programs are designed to reduce traffic violations and resulting collisions, injuries and fatalities. The Company implements and administers traffic safety programs for municipalities, counties, school districts and law enforcement agencies of all sizes. Our proprietary hardware and software technologies are designed to provide government agencies the information, data and automated end-to-end administrative capabilities to enforce traffic violations through photo enforcement. On behalf of our customers, we install, maintain and manage automated safety solution hardware and software that processes event data, apply customer specific rules and connect a traffic violation to the responsible driver or vehicle owner. For customers of our end-to-end solutions, we automatically send captured events to the designated enforcement agency of the customer, where an authorized individual determines if a violation occurred. Upon law enforcement’s determination that a violation occurred, we manage the citation mailing, billing and other administrative tasks on behalf of our customers. For many international customers, we design, engineer and maintain roadside photo enforcement technology, including both hardware and software, which is sold or licensed to government agencies and often maintained with maintenance contracts to support the technology. Service revenue from speed, red-light, school bus cameras and city bus lane cameras accounted for approximately 42% of our 2024 total revenues. Product sales to customers are not recurring and are dependent on our customers' needs, and account for approximately 2% of total revenue for 2024.

Parking Solutions

Our Parking Solutions segment generated approximately $80.6 million in revenue for 2024, or approximately 9% of our 2024 total revenue. Parking Solutions provides end-to-end commercial parking management solutions to approximately 2,000 customers in the university, municipal, healthcare and commercial operator markets, as of December 31, 2024. Our proprietary software, transaction processing and hardware technologies provide our customers with solutions to manage and monetize their parking and enforcement operations. In 2024, we processed over 190 million transactions using our various parking solutions systems, including parking access and revenue control (“
PARC
”), single- and multi-space pay stations, integrated physical and mobile payments, back-office parking rate management, permit issuance and management, online citation payment, event parking, and back-office management of violations.

5

Markets and Competition

The primary sectors in which we operate are automated safety, tolling, commercial fleet management and parking. We face competition in each of the sectors in which we operate, but there is no single company that provides a similarly broad suite of solutions and competes across all of our business segments. However, the markets for our solutions are increasingly competitive, rapidly evolving and fragmented, and are subject to changing technology, shifting customer needs, contract renewals and new laws and policies. A number of sector participants develop and market products and services that compete to varying extents with our offerings, and we expect this competition to intensify. The rapid rate of technological change in our industry could increase the likelihood that we will face competition from new products or services designed by companies with whom we do not currently compete. This includes advancements in the area of self-driving cars which may significantly reduce the frequency of vehicles illegally running red lights or exceeding posted speed limits. Moreover, we face competition from our own customers as they may choose to invest in developing their own internal solutions.

In our Commercial Services segment, we face competition from both our own customers, who may choose to invest in their own internal solutions, and vendors offering or seeking to offer new technologies or financial models. In our Government Solutions segment, we face competition with respect to certain automated safety solutions from other vendors in red-light, school bus, speed and bus lane photo enforcement. In Parking Solutions, we face competition from a variety of competitors in our markets in the United States and Canada.

Seasonality

Our Commercial Services business segment experiences seasonal fluctuations in usage and revenue. Historically, Commercial Services sees higher volumes in the second and third quarters of each fiscal year, driven by increases in travel demand during the summer driving season. Additionally, seasonal fluctuations can be influenced by weather conditions, economic conditions, and shifts in consumer preferences. Seasonality has not historically resulted in material fluctuations in our overall financial performance.

Technology

We utilize software and hardware to deliver our services. Our business unit teams have expertise in areas such as hardware, software and firmware development and testing, database design and data analytics, and both product and project management. In addition, we utilize external contractors to supplement our team in the areas of software and firmware development, digital design, test development and product-level testing. Generally, our research and development efforts are focused on expanding the capabilities of our products, differentiating our offerings, simplifying the implementation, support and utilization of our solutions, reducing the cost of our solutions, increasing the reliability of our solutions, expanding the functionality of our solutions to meet customer and market requirements, applying new advances in technology to enhance existing solutions, and building further competitive advantages through our intellectual property portfolio. We utilize artificial intelligence (“
AI
”) to enhance our business process functions and select aspects of our solutions. Given the evolving nature and complexity of AI technologies, there remains inherent operational and legal risks. For more details, refer to Item 1A, Risk Factors, “
Our new products and services and changes to existing products and services may not succeed
.”

Intellectual Property

We rely on a combination of patents, trademarks, trade secrets, copyrights and confidentiality agreements to protect our intellectual property. We take steps to protect new intellectual property to safeguard our ongoing technological innovations and strengthen our brand, and believe we take appropriate action against infringement or misappropriation of our intellectual property rights by others. We regularly review third-party intellectual property rights to help avoid infringement, and to identify strategic opportunities.

Our general policy is to seek patent protection for our inventions likely to be incorporated into our products and services or where obtaining such proprietary rights will improve our competitive position. As of December 31, 2024, we own approximately 87 U.S.- and foreign-issued patents and pending patent applications, including patents and rights to patent applications acquired through strategic transactions, which relate to various aspects of our products and technology. Our patent portfolio evolves as new patents are awarded to us and as older patents expire. Patents expire at various dates, generally 20 years from their original filing dates. While we believe that our portfolio of patents and applications has value, in general no single patent is essential to our business or any individual segment. In addition, any of our proprietary rights could be challenged, invalidated or circumvented, or may not provide significant competitive advantages.

6

Our business relies on both internally developed and externally licensed software, as well as internally, externally and co-developed hardware, to operate and provide our systems and deliver our services. We claim copyright on all internally developed software. We generally rely on common law protection for our copyrighted works. In addition, we rely on maintaining source code confidentiality to assure our market competitiveness. With respect to externally sourced software and hardware, we rely on contracts to retain our continued access for our business usage. From time to time, these agreements may expire or be subject to renegotiation.

We have approximately 220 registrations and pending applications in the United States and foreign jurisdictions for trademarks and service marks as of December 31, 2024, reflecting our many products and services. These registrations and applications include our historic and acquired brands, as well as “Verra Mobility.” These marks may have a perpetual life, subject to periodic renewal and may be subject to cancellation or invalidation based on certain use requirements and third-party challenges, or on other grounds. We vigorously enforce and protect our marks.

Government Regulation

We are subject to various local, state and national laws, regulations and administrative practices regulating matters such as data privacy, photo enforcement, consumer protection, procurement, licensing requirements, anti-corruption, equal employment, minimum wages, workplace health and safety, human rights and the environment, among others. Our operations are subject to regulation by various U.S. federal agencies, including but not limited to the U.S. Department of Transportation, (“
USDOT
”), the Federal Trade Commission, (“
FTC
”), the Federal Communications Commission, the Consumer Product Safety Commission, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and the Environmental Protection Agency. We are also subject to laws, regulations and administrative practices addressing many of these same matters in Europe, Australia, Canada and New Zealand, including those specifically relating to accessing and use of information obtained from vehicle licensing authorities, traffic enforcement and collections, and financial and banking regulations.

Privacy and Data Security

As part of our business, we collect, receive, process, use, transmit, disclose, and retain information relating to identifiable individuals (“
personal information
”) and, therefore, are subject to various laws protecting privacy and security of personal information, including but not limited to the U.S. Driver Privacy Protection Act, the General Data Protection Regulation (the “
GDPR
”) in the European Union (the “
E.U.
”), the Data Protection Act of 2018 and the GDPR in the United Kingdom, the Canadian Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act, the Australia Privacy Act of 1988, New Zealand’s Privacy Act of 2020, the California Consumer Privacy Act (the “
CCPA
”), and other national and state privacy laws. We are also subject to similar restrictions and audit requirements pursuant to our contracts with the organizations from which we gain access to personal information, such as departments of motor vehicles and the National Law Enforcement Telecommunications System. Privacy and data security laws and regulations are constantly evolving and changing, are subject to differing interpretations and may be inconsistent among countries and state and local jurisdictions, or conflict with other rules.

As we expand our operations in foreign countries, or as U.S. federal or state law changes, our liability exposure and the complexity and cost of compliance with data and privacy requirements will increase. Laws and practices regarding handling and use of personal and other information by companies have also come under increased public scrutiny, and governmental authorities, consumer agencies and consumer advocacy groups have called for increased regulation, enforcement and changes in industry practices.

7

Photo Enforcement

Automated photo enforcement programs in the United States are typically regulated at the state and local level, under either state enabling legislation or under home rule authority established under the relevant state constitution. Where enabling legislation is not required, local ordinances impose further restrictions within a given jurisdiction.

In connection with the installation of photo enforcement systems, we or our customers routinely obtain permits from various permitting authorities. As a government contractor providing photo enforcement services directly or through subcontractors (including design, engineering, construction, installation, and maintenance) in various locations throughout the United States and internationally, we are at times required to obtain licenses regarding general contracting, performance of engineering services, performance of electrical work, performance of private investigative work and processing license plate and related personal information. We periodically receive notices from regulatory authorities regarding these matters and inquiring as to our compliance with the applicable state, local and foreign laws and regulations. In addition, our foreign photo enforcement programs are subject to regulation in the various countries in which we operate.

Tolling

We are also subject to state and local regulations with respect to tolling. Over the past few years, bills have been introduced in multiple states to limit whether and how much RACs can charge their customers for the use of a toll transponder, limit the administrative penalties and fees that can be assessed for processing tolls, and/or impose increased disclosure requirements on RACs with respect to tolling or violation processing fees. In addition, there has been an increase in interest and greater focus on RAC tolling programs from state Attorneys General related to tolling issues from a consumer protection perspective.

Government Contracting

Our Government Solutions customers are typically government agencies, and our operations within this segment are therefore subject to various laws pertaining to procurement, gifts and entertainment, payments of commissions and contingency fees, conflicts of interest, licensing and permitting requirements and other matters. These laws are overseen by different government agencies, depending on the jurisdiction, including departments of procurement services, contracting offices and offices of inspector general.

To successfully navigate this complex statutory and regulatory landscape, we have a dedicated government relations team that works with national, state and local policymakers, often with the help of lobbyists and consultants, to track and help support favorable photo-enforcement safety and toll-related legislative outcomes. Through this network, we have a presence in most states in which our Government Solutions and Commercial Services segments do business. These lobbying activities are subject to state and local regulations and registration requirements.

We believe we are in substantial compliance with the laws and regulations that regulate our business. There are, however, significant uncertainties involving the application of various legal requirements, the violation of which could result in, among other things, fines, penalties, revocation of permits or licenses, cessation of operations in a given jurisdiction and other adverse consequences. See “
Risk Factors
” for a discussion of our regulatory risks.

Human Capital Management

Our employees are critical to our success as a leading provider of smart mobility solutions. To continue delivering high-quality solutions to our customers and succeed in our highly competitive and rapidly evolving market, it is critical that we continue to attract, retain and develop diverse groups of talented individuals at all levels of our organization.

As of December 31, 2024, we had 1,879 employees, comprised of 1,754 full-time employees and 125 part-time employees. Of our full-time employees, 1,228 were located in the United States and 526 were located internationally. None of our employees are represented by a labor union or covered by a collective bargaining agreement, except for our 26 employees in Staten Island, New York. We believe our relations with our employees are good, and we have not experienced a strike or other significant work stoppage.

8

Talent Acquisition and Development

Our success depends upon attracting, retaining and developing a diverse group of talented individuals who possess the knowledge and skills necessary to support our business objectives, assist in the achievement of our strategic goals, contribute their own unique perspective and skill set and create long-term value for our stockholders. We have implemented purposeful hiring strategies that include opportunities for internal mobility and promotion and an employee referral program, both of which we believe will further strengthen our growing employee base and promote retention. We have a multifaceted talent development framework that includes functional training, management training and targeted development programs. We also develop our employees through an annual performance review and assessment process that incorporates a dual-performance rating system and provides each employee with concrete, actionable feedback that will enable them to succeed.

Compensation and Benefits

Our compensation programs are designed to align the compensation of our employees with the performance of the Company and the individual employee, and to provide a compensation package that will attract, retain, motivate and reward employees to achieve superior results. The structure of our compensation programs balances incentives for both short-term and long-term performance. In addition to cash compensation, we offer employees benefits such as health (medical, dental and vision) insurance, health savings accounts, flexible spending accounts, life insurance, accident insurance, paid time off, paid parental leave and a company-sponsored 401(k) plan, and related benefits for non-U.S. employees. For key leadership positions, we also provide compensation packages that include annual incentive bonuses and long-term equity awards.

Employee Engagement

We seek employees who collaborate and value differences, think and act globally, foster an engaging climate, and recognize and develop others. We engage and survey our employee population to gather insight, feedback, and data about employees’ engagement, workplace experiences, and manager effectiveness. Survey results inform and support corporate, business unit, department, and team action plans, with the goal of enhancing workplace satisfaction and overall employee well-being and effectiveness.

Corporate Information

Our principal executive office is located at 1150 North Alma School Road, Mesa, AZ 85201. Our telephone number is (480) 443-7000. Our website address is www.verramobility.com. The information on, or accessible through, our website does not constitute part of, and is not incorporated into, this Annual Report.

9

The trade names, trademarks, and service marks appearing in this Annual Report include registered marks and marks in which we claim common law rights, such as Verra Mobility and the Verra Mobility logo, all of which are our intellectual property. This Annual Report contains additional trade names, trademarks, and service marks of other companies that are the property of their respective owners. We do not intend our use or display of other companies’ trade names, trademarks, or service marks to imply a relationship with, or endorsement or sponsorship of us, by these companies. We have omitted the ® and ™ designations, as applicable, for the trademarks used in this Annual Report.

Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to reports filed pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “
Exchange Act
”), are filed with the SEC. We are subject to the informational requirements of the Exchange Act, and we file or furnish reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. Such reports and other information we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “
SEC
”) are available free of charge at 
http://ir.verramobility.com/financial-information/sec-filings
 when such reports become available on the SEC’s website. The SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. We periodically provide other information for investors on our corporate website, www.verramobility.com, and our investor relations website, ir.verramobility.com. This includes press releases and other information about financial performance, information on corporate governance and details related to our annual meeting of stockholders. The information contained on the websites referenced in this Annual Report is not incorporated by reference into this filing. Further, our references to website URLs are intended to be inactive textual references only.

10

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

The discussions in this Annual Report, as well as in our other filings with the SEC and other written and oral information we release, contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "
Securities Act
"), and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. All statements contained in this Annual Report other than statements of historical fact, including statements regarding our future operating results and financial position, our business strategy and plans, products, services, technology offerings, market conditions, growth and trends, expansion plans and opportunities, and our objectives for future operations, are forward-looking statements. The words “believe,” “may,” “will,” “estimate,” “continue,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “expect,” “could,” “would,” “project,” “plan,” “preliminary,” “likely” and similar expressions, and the negative of these expressions, are intended to identify forward-looking statements.

We may not actually achieve the plans, intentions or expectations disclosed in our forward-looking statements and you should not place undue reliance on them. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, the risks set forth in Part I, Item 1A, “Risk Factors” in this Annual Report and in our other filings with the SEC, which highlight, among other risks:

•
the impact of negative industry and macroeconomic conditions on our customers or us may materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations;

•
customer concentration in our Commercial Services and Government Solutions segments, including risks impacting these segments such as travel demand and legislation, and risks relating to our contract with NYCDOT (defined below), which comprises a material portion of our revenue. We extended our current contract with NYCDOT through December 31, 2025 to allow NYCDOT to continue to operate its automated enforcement program. We are presently participating in a competitive procurement for a new NYCDOT automated enforcement program contract. If we are not successful in winning the competitive procurement for a new contract with NYCDOT, or if we win the competitive procurement at materially different terms and pricing as our current contract, it would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations;

•
our reliance on specialized third-party providers;

•
risks and uncertainties related to our government contracts, including legislative changes, termination rights, delays in payments, audits and investigations;

•
decreases in the prevalence or political acceptance of, or an increase in governmental restrictions regarding, automated and other similar methods of photo enforcement, parking solutions or the use of tolling;

•
our ability to successfully implement our acquisition strategy or integrate acquisitions;

•
our ability to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting;

•
failure in or breaches of our networks or systems, including as a result of cyber-attacks or other incidents;

•
risks and uncertainties related to our international operations; 

•
our failure to acquire necessary intellectual property or adequately protect our intellectual property;

•
risks and uncertainties related to litigation and other disputes and regulatory investigations; and

•
our ability to manage our substantial level of indebtedness.

You should not rely on forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. We operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment and new risks emerge from time to time. The forward-looking statements in this Annual Report represent our views as of the date hereof. Except as may be required by law, we undertake no obligation to update any of these forward-looking statements for any reason or to conform these statements to actual results or revised expectations.

11

Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports, are available free of charge on our website, verramobility.com, under the heading “Investors” immediately after they are filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. We use our investor relations website, ir.verramobility.com, as a means of disclosing information, which may be of interest or material to our investors and for complying with disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. Accordingly, investors should monitor our investor relations website, in addition to following our press releases, SEC filings, public conference calls, webcasts, and social media. Information contained on or accessible through, including any reports available on, our website is not a part of, and is not incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report or any other report or document we file with the SEC. Any reference to our website in this Annual Report is intended to be an inactive textual reference only.

Item 1A. Ri
sk Factors

Risk Factor Summary

Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. In addition to the other information set forth in this Annual Report, you should carefully consider the following factors, which could materially affect our business, financial condition and results of operations in future periods. The risks described below are not the only risks we face. Additional risks not currently known to us may adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations in future periods.

Risks Related to Our Customers, Industry, Competition and Vendors

•
Negative industry and macroeconomic conditions impacting our customers or us may materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.

•
Our Commercial Services and Government Solutions segments have customer concentration that could have a material adverse effect on our business.

•
Our contract with NYCDOT, which comprises a material portion of our revenue, expired on December 31, 2024, and we are presently participating in a competitive procurement for a new NYCDOT automated enforcement program contract. We extended our current contract with NYCDOT through December 31, 2025 to allow NYCDOT to continue to operate its automated enforcement program until the competitive procurement process is completed. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in winning the competitive procurement. If we are not successful in winning the competitive procurement for a new contract with NYCDOT, or if we win the competitive procurement at materially different terms and pricing as our current contract, it would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

•
Our government contracts are subject to unique risks and uncertainties, including termination rights, delays in payment, audits and investigations, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business.

•
Any decreases in the prevalence or political acceptance of, or an increase in governmental restrictions regarding, automated and other similar methods of photo enforcement, the use of third-party tolling and violations processing service providers, the ability to charge service or other fees to customers for services provided, could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

•
Our reliance on specialized third-party providers could have a material adverse effect on our business.

Risks Related to Our Acquisitions

•
Our inability to successfully implement our acquisition strategy could have a material adverse effect on our business.

Risks Related to Data Privacy and Cybersecurity

•
A failure in or breach of our networks or systems, including as a result of cyber-attacks, could have a material adverse effect on our business.

Risks Related to our International Operations

12

•
Our international operations expose us to additional risks, and failure to manage those risks could have a material adverse effect on our business.

Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property

•
Failure to acquire necessary intellectual property or adequately protect our intellectual property could have a material adverse effect on our business.

Risks Related to Our Indebtedness

•
Our substantial level of indebtedness could cause our business to suffer and incurring additional debt could intensify debt-related risks.

Due to the risk factors discussed below, as well as other factors affecting our business, operating results, financial condition, financial performance or prospects, our past financial performance should not be considered to be a reliable indicator of our future performance, and investors should not use historical trends to anticipate results or trends in future periods.

Risks Related to Our Customers, Industry, Competition and Vendors

Negative industry and macroeconomic conditions impacting our customers or us may materially and adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition.

We provide smart mobility technology solutions to customers in our Commercial Services, Government Solutions and Parking Solutions business segments. Accordingly, the demand for our products in the past has been, and in the future may be, impacted by industry and macroeconomic trends and conditions impacting our customers, including seasonality, demand for business and leisure travel, reductions in the level of air travel, higher airfare costs, energy shortages and cost increases, international, national and local economic conditions and cycles, as well as other factors affecting travel levels, such as military conflicts, terrorist incidents, natural disasters and epidemic diseases. For example, our Commercial Services segment may be impacted by travel demand and extreme weather events which may impact overall travel demand in the United States. Our Government Solutions segment may be impacted to the extent our customers experience a reduction in political acceptance of or additional government restrictions on automated safety programs. Our Parking Solutions segment may be impacted to the extent our customers see an increase in usage of public transportation or rideshare, either of which may cause a decrease in parking usage. Furthermore, uncertain economic conditions may make it more difficult for us to raise funds through borrowings or private or public sales of debt or equity securities. We cannot predict the timing, strength or duration of any economic slowdown, instability or recovery, generally or within any particular industry.

Government actions and regulations, such as tariffs and trade protection measures, may negatively impact our business. Political challenges between the United States and countries in which we operate, and changes to trade policies, including tariff rates and customs duties, trade relations between the United States and those countries and other macroeconomic issues could adversely impact our business. The United States administration has announced tariffs on certain products imported into the United States, and some countries have imposed tariffs in response to the actions of the United States. There is also a possibility of future tariffs, trade protection measures or other restrictions imposed by the United States or other countries.

In addition, consumer spending and activities may be materially adversely affected in response to financial market volatility, negative financial news, conditions in the real estate and mortgage markets, declines in income or asset values, energy prices, labor and healthcare costs and other economic factors, all of which may have a negative effect on our business and results of operations. Additionally, uncertainty about, or a decline in, global or regional economic conditions may have a significant impact on our suppliers, manufacturers, logistics providers, distributors and other partners. Potential effects on our suppliers and partners include financial instability, inability to obtain credit to finance operations, and insolvency.

Negative conditions in the general economy both in the United States and abroad, including conditions resulting from changes in gross domestic product growth, inflation, financial and credit market fluctuations, international trade relations, pandemics, political turmoil, natural catastrophes, warfare, and terrorist attacks on the United States or elsewhere, could negatively affect customer demand and the growth of our business.

13

Our Commercial Services and Government Solutions segments have several large customers, including the NYCDOT, that account for a significant portion of our revenue, and a reduction in demand or loss of one or more of such customers could have a material adverse effect on our business.

Our business experiences varying levels of customer concentration. For example, our Commercial Services segment is dependent on certain key customers, such as Avis Budget Group, Inc., Enterprise Mobility and The Hertz Corporation. These three customers accounted for 36.0% and 35.8% of our total revenue for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. If any of these customers were to reduce their demand, the demand fluctuates, or one of more of these customers terminates their agreements with us, it would have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations.

We also experience customer concentration in our Government Solutions segment. The New York City Department of Transportation (“
NYCDOT
”) represented approximately 15.8% and 16.9% of our total revenues during the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and 17.2% and 18.3% of total accounts receivable, net as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Our contract with NYCDOT expired on December 31, 2024, and we are presently participating in a competitive procurement for a new NYCDOT automated enforcement program contract. We extended our current contract with NYCDOT through December 31, 2025 to allow NYCDOT to continue to operate its automated enforcement program until the competitive procurement process is completed. However, there is no assurance that we will be successful in winning the competitive procurement for the new automated enforcement contract. If we are unable to win the competitive procurement for a new contract with NYCDOT, or if we win the competitive procurement at materially different terms and pricing as our current contract, it would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We may continue to rely on a small number of customers in our Government Solutions segment to represent a significant portion of our total revenues in any given period. The loss of any of our top Government Solutions customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Our government contracts are subject to unique risks and uncertainties, including termination rights, delays in payment, audits and investigations, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business.

We enter into government contracts from time to time with customers that are subject to various uncertainties, restrictions and regulations, which could result in withholding or delay of payments to us. For example, as of December 31, 2024, NYCDOT had an open receivable balance of $35.6 million, which represented 17.2% of our total accounts receivable, net
.

Government entities typically finance projects through appropriated funds. While these projects are often planned and executed as multi-year projects, government entities usually reserve the right to change the scope of or terminate these projects for lack of approved funding or at their convenience. Furthermore, we may be required to perform work under expired or terminated government contracts and may be restricted from recognizing revenue from such contracts. Changes in government or political developments, including administrative hurdles, constitutional challenges, budget deficits, shortfalls or uncertainties, government spending reductions or other debt or funding constraints, could result in our government contracts being reduced in price or scope or terminated altogether, as well as limit our ability to win new government work in the future.

Moreover, if a government customer does not follow the requisite procurement or ordinance-specific administrative procedures, the contract may be subject to protest or voidable regardless of whether we bear any responsibility for the error. Our government contracts are subject to underlying laws and regulations related to government contractors, and often include other one-sided, customer-friendly provisions and certifications, including broad indemnification provisions and uncapped exposure or liquidated damages for certain liabilities, which can impose obligations, requirements and liabilities on us that are beyond those associated with a typical commercial arrangement. We may also be subject to differing or contrary policy preferences or requirements among our government customers which could result in a loss of government customers if we are unable to satisfy such potential differing requirements or preferences to the satisfaction of such customers.

14

In addition, government contracts are generally subject to audits and investigations by government agencies or higher-tier government contractors. If improper or illegal activities or contractual non-compliance are identified, including improper billing or vendor non-compliance, we may be subject to various civil and criminal penalties and administrative sanctions, which may include termination of contracts, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, the imposition of fines, penalties and sanctions, and suspensions or debarment from doing business for or on behalf of the government in the future. For example, in 2020, after we discovered issues in our system installation practices under our agreement with NYCDOT, NYCDOT investigated the matter and we undertook significant efforts to remediate past installations. If penalties or other restrictions are imposed in one jurisdiction, they could also implicate similar provisions of contracts with other government customers in other jurisdictions. Further, the negative publicity related to these penalties, sanctions or findings in government audits or investigations could harm our reputation and hinder our ability to compete for new contracts with government customers and in the private sector. Any of the foregoing or any other reduction in revenue from government customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Any decreases in the prevalence or political acceptance of, or an increase in governmental restrictions regarding, automated and other similar methods of photo enforcement, the use of third-party tolling service providers or the ability to charge service or other fees to customers for services provided, could have a material adverse effect on our business
.

Our Government Solutions segment provides automated safety solutions to national, state and local government agencies, generating revenues through automated photo enforcement of red-light, school bus, speed limit and bus lane laws. We sometimes make significant capital and other investments to attract and retain these contracts, such as the cost of purchasing information technology equipment, constructing and installing photo enforcement systems and developing and implementing software and labor resources. In 2024, revenues from this segment represented approximately 44% of our total revenues. Therefore, we depend on national, state and local governments authorizing the use of automated photo enforcement and not otherwise materially restricting its use. In states that have enabling legislation, if that legislation is amended, not renewed or is otherwise repealed, use of automated enforcement technology can be suspended until new legislation is passed. In 2022, a North Carolina court of appeals issued a ruling limiting the ability of local authorities to make certain decisions with respect to funding automated enforcement programs, impacting the viability of automated enforcement in impacted jurisdictions.

Ballot initiatives, referendums, opinions of attorneys general and legal challenges can also be used to restrict the use of automated enforcement or to impose additional licensing requirements on its use. For example, the Attorneys General in the states of Arizona, Tennessee and Virginia have issued opinions that had the effect of limiting the use of these enforcement technologies or impacting the manner in which photo enforcement programs operate. Usage may also be affected if there is an unfavorable shift in political support for, or public sentiment towards, automated enforcement, or as a result of one or more scandals related to its use.

Similarly, our Commercial Services business may be materially impacted if there is an unfavorable shift in political support for or public sentiment towards tolling or its use is materially restricted or limited, including through the imposition of limits on the fees RAC companies can charge their customers for tolling or violation processing services. Any material restriction or limitation on the use of automated enforcement or material reduction in its use in the markets we serve, or any similar changes with respect to tolling, could have a material adverse effect on our ability to recoup our investments, and negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, our relationships and commercial account agreements with tolling authorities, issuing authorities, motor vehicle departments and other governmental agencies significantly enhances and enables our service offerings, and changes in those relationship or agreements could significantly adversely impact our business.

We face intense competition and any failure to keep up with technological developments, changing customer preferences and new laws and policies could have a material adverse effect on our business.

The markets for our solutions are increasingly competitive, rapidly evolving and fragmented, and are subject to changing technology, shifting customer needs, contract renewals and new laws and policies. A number of vendors develop and market products and services that compete to varying extents with our offerings, and we expect this competition to intensify. The rapid rate of technological change in our industry could increase the chances that we will face competition from new products or services designed by companies that we do not currently compete with. This includes advancements in the area of self-driving cars which may significantly reduce the frequency of vehicles illegally running red lights or exceeding posted speed limits. This also includes AI tools, which may allow for new or more efficient competing solutions. Moreover, we face competition from our own customers as they may choose to invest in developing their own internal solutions.

15

Some of our existing competitors and potential new competitors have longer operating histories, greater name recognition, less debt, more established customer bases or significantly greater financial, technical, research and development, marketing and other resources than we do. As a result, our competitors may be able to respond more quickly and effectively than we can to new or changing opportunities, technologies (including AI), standards or customer requirements. In some cases, our competitors may be better positioned to initiate or withstand substantial price competition, and we may have to reduce our pricing to retain existing business or obtain new business. If we are not able to maintain favorable pricing for our solutions, our profit margin and profitability could suffer. In addition, if a prospective customer is currently using a competing solution, the customer may be unwilling to switch to our solution without setup support services or other incentives. Certain existing and new competitors may be better positioned to acquire competitive solutions, develop new solutions, modify existing solutions, effectively negotiate third-party licenses and other strategic relationships, and take advantage of acquisition or other similar expansion opportunities. Any failure to achieve our target pricing levels, maintain existing customer relationships, generate additional customer wins or otherwise successfully compete would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Our new products and services and changes to existing products and services may not succeed.

Our ability to retain, increase and engage our customer base and to increase our revenue depends, in large part, on our ability to continue to evolve existing solutions and to create successful new solutions. We may introduce significant changes to our existing solutions or acquire or introduce new and unproven products and services, including using technologies (such as AI) or entering markets or industries in which we have little or no experience. For example, as Government Solutions customers increase their requirements related to data security, privacy and IT architecture, significant effort and expense may be required to develop new solutions to keep up with increasing requirements, and our efforts may not be entirely successful. Modifications or developments can be costly, may be restricted by regulatory requirements, involves significant research, development, time, expense and human capital and may not necessarily result in the successful commercialization or adoption by customers as expected. The failure of any new or enhanced solution to achieve customer adoption or our failure to otherwise successfully monetize our development efforts could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, changes to the hardware solutions we offer to our government customers may require certification by a government agency, and failure to achieve such certification may result in an inability to sell or operate photo enforcement systems in a particular jurisdiction. Any failure to evolve existing solutions or create new successful solutions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

The use or integration of AI tools and technologies into existing and new solutions may present novel risks and challenges that could adversely affect our business. We are evaluating AI tools for, among other things, software development and back-end processing functions. In addition, our vendors may incorporate AI tools into their services and deliverables, at times without disclosing this to us, and the providers of such AI tools may not meet existing or rapidly evolving regulatory or industry standards with regard to privacy, security, IP, and data protection. Uncertainty in the regulatory environment related to AI may require significant resources to modify and maintain business practices to comply with applicable law, the nature of which continues to evolve and may prevent or limit our ability to use AI in our business, lead to regulatory fines or penalties, or require us to change our business practices. If we cannot use AI, or that use is restricted, our business may be less efficient, or we may be at a competitive disadvantage, which could adversely affect our business. Additionally, investments in AI may not realize the benefits that were anticipated.

16

We regularly pursue contracts and contract renewals that require competitive bidding, which can involve substantial costs and could have a material adverse effect on our business
.

Many of the contracts and renewals for which we bid, particularly those for certain larger government customers, are extremely complex and require the investment for significant resources in order to prepare accurate bids and proposals. Further, a significant percentage of new customer growth opportunities and contract renewals or extensions in our business segments are only accessible through competitive bidding. Competitive bidding imposes substantial costs and presents several risks, including significant time and effort and the commitment of resources, regardless of whether the contract is ultimately won. For example, we invested significant time and resources to prepare our response for the competitive procurement for the new NYCDOT automated enforcement program contract. We may also be unable to meet the requirements of a solicitation or may have to incur substantial costs to be able to do so. These and other unanticipated costs related to the competitive bidding process, including advancing or defending bid protests, and any failure to win renewals or new customer accounts through the competitive bidding process, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Our reliance on third-party providers could have a material adverse effect on our business.

We rely heavily on third-party providers, including subcontractors, manufacturers, software vendors, software application developers, and utility and network providers, to meet their obligations to us in a timely and high-quality manner. For example, we rely on third parties to provide data sourced from state departments of motor vehicles (and their European equivalents) and other governmental agencies with which we do not have direct relationships for the driver and other information we use in our business. Our ability to offer our solutions would be materially affected if this access was unavailable or materially restricted, or if the price we pay increased significantly. Our Government Solutions business also relies on a number of third-party manufacturers, including camera manufacturers and automated license plate recognition providers, and outsources some engineering, construction, maintenance, printing and mailing, call center, image review and event processing work. Further, if one or more tolling authorities cancels our accounts, or stops providing transponders and we are unable to obtain transponders through other sources, our Commercial Services business would be affected. Our Parking Solutions business also relies on a number of domestic and foreign third-party manufacturers in the production of our pay station, Parking Access and Revenue Control (PARCS) and parking enforcement hardware solutions, and our inability to access third-party providers could have a material adverse effect on our business.

We also outsource a meaningful percentage of our software development work to third parties. Some of our agreements with these third parties include termination rights, allowing the third party to terminate the arrangement in certain circumstances. For example, the agreements with our third-party payment processors give them the right to terminate the relationship if we fail to keep credit card chargeback and retrieval rates below certain thresholds. If any of our third-party providers are unable or unwilling to meet their obligations to us, fail to satisfy our expectations or those of our customers, including those imposed through flow-down provisions in prime contracts, or if they terminate or refuse to renew their relationships with us on substantially similar terms, we may be unable to find adequate replacements within a reasonable time frame, on favorable commercial terms or at all, and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.

While we perform some due diligence on these third parties and take measures to ensure that they comply with applicable laws and regulations, we do not have an extensive screening or review process and ultimately cannot guarantee our third-party providers will comply with applicable laws, the terms of their agreements or flow-down requirements from our customers. Misconduct or performance deficiencies by any of our third-party providers may be perceived as misconduct or poor performance by us, cause us to fall short on our contractual obligations to our customers or harm our reputation, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

17

We rely on communications networks and information systems and any interruption could have a material adverse effect on our business.

We rely heavily on the satisfactory performance and availability of our information technology infrastructure and systems, including our websites and network infrastructure, to conduct our business. We rely on third-party communications service and system providers to provide technology services and link our systems with our customers’ networks and systems, including a reliable network backbone with the necessary speed, data capacity and security. We also rely on third-party vendors, including data center, bandwidth and telecommunications equipment providers. A failure or interruption that results in the unavailability of any of our information systems or a major disruption of communications between a system and the customers we serve could disrupt the effective operation of our solutions and otherwise adversely impact our ability to manage our business effectively. We may experience system and service interruptions or disruptions for a variety of reasons, including as the result of network failures, power outages, cyber-attacks, employee errors, software errors, an unusually high volume of transactions, or localized conditions such as fire, explosions or power outages or broader geographic events such as earthquakes, storms, floods, epidemics, strikes, acts of war, civil unrest or terrorist acts. We have taken steps to mitigate our exposure to certain service disruptions by investing in redundant or blended circuits, although the redundant or blended circuits may also suffer disruption. Because we are dependent in part on independent third parties for the implementation and maintenance of certain aspects of our systems and because some of the causes of system interruptions may be outside of our control, we may not be able to remedy such interruptions in a timely manner, or at all. Any interruption or delay in or cessation of these services and systems could significantly disrupt operations, impact customers, damage our reputation, result in litigation, decrease the overall use and acceptance of our solutions, result in lost data and be costly, time consuming and difficult to remedy, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Our failure to properly perform under our contracts or otherwise satisfy our customers could have a material adverse effect on our business.

Our business model depends in large part on our ability to retain existing work and attract new work from existing customers. If a customer is not satisfied with our products, services or solutions or the timeliness or quality of our work, we may incur additional costs to address the problem, the profitability of that contract may be impaired, we may experience payment delays, it could do harm to our reputation and hinder our ability to win new work from prospective customers. Failure to properly transition new customers to our systems or existing customers to our different systems, properly budget transition costs or accurately estimate contract costs could also result in delays and general customer dissatisfaction. Many of our contracts may be terminated by the customer upon specified advance notice without cause. Any failure to properly perform under our contracts or meet our customers’ expectations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Risks Related to Our Acquisitions

Our inability to successfully implement our acquisition strategy could have a material adverse effect on our business.

We have grown in large part as a result of our acquisitions, and we anticipate continuing to grow in this manner. Although we expect to regularly consider additional strategic transactions in the future, we may not identify suitable opportunities or, if we do identify prospects, it may not be possible to consummate a transaction on acceptable terms. Competition laws or foreign investment controls may also limit our ability to acquire or work collaboratively with certain businesses or to fully realize the benefits of a prospective or completed acquisition. Furthermore, a significant change in our business or the economy, an unexpected decrease in our cash flows or any restrictions imposed by our indebtedness may limit our ability to obtain the necessary capital or otherwise impede our ability to complete a transaction. Regularly considering strategic transactions can also divert management’s attention and lead to significant due diligence and other expenses regardless of whether we pursue or consummate any transaction. Failure to identify suitable transaction partners and to consummate transactions on acceptable terms, as well as the commitment of time and resources in connection with such transactions, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

18

The inability to successfully integrate our recent or future acquisitions could have a material adverse effect on our business.

We have integrated, and may in the future integrate, certain acquired businesses into our existing operations, which requires significant time and exposes us to significant risks and additional costs. Further, we may have difficulty integrating the operations, systems, controls, procedures or products of such acquired businesses and may not be able to do so in a timely, efficient and cost-effective manner. These difficulties could include but are not limited to:

•
combining management teams, strategies and philosophies;

•
merging or linking different accounting and financial reporting systems and systems of internal controls;

•
assimilating personnel, human resources and other administrative departments and potentially contrasting corporate cultures;

•
merging computer, technology and other information networks and systems;

•
disrupting our relationship with or losing key customers, suppliers or personnel; and

•
interference with, or loss of momentum in, our ongoing business or that of the acquired business.

Any integration-related issues could cause significant disruption to our business, divert the attention of management and lead to substantial additional costs and delays. For example, between February 2022 and April 2022, our Audit Committee devoted significant time and resources into an accounting investigation of Redflex Holdings Limited, an acquired subsidiary, and we were unable to timely file our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. Our inability to successfully integrate acquired businesses could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

19

Any failure to realize the anticipated benefits of an acquisition, including unanticipated expenses and liabilities related to acquisitions, could have a material adverse effect on our business.

We pursue each acquisition with the expectation that the transaction will result in various benefits, including growth opportunities and synergies from increased efficiencies. However, we may not realize some or all of the anticipated benefits of our acquisitions within our anticipated timeframes or at all. Furthermore, we may experience increased competition that limits our ability to expand our business, we may not be able to capitalize on expected business opportunities, and general industry and business conditions may deteriorate. Acquisitions also expose us to significant risks and costs, and business and operational overlaps may lead to hidden costs. These costs can include unforeseen pre-acquisition liabilities, the impairment of customer relationships, acquired assets, or goodwill, or exposure to oversight, operational and business control risks associated with a newly acquired business. We may also incur costs and inefficiencies to the extent an acquisition expands the industries, markets or geographies in which we operate due to our limited exposure to and experience in a given industry, market or region. Significant acquisitions may also require us to incur additional debt to finance the transactions, which could limit our flexibility in using our cash flow from operations for other purposes. Acquisitions often involve post-transaction disputes with the counterparty regarding a number of matters, including disagreements over the amount of a purchase price or other working capital adjustment or disputes regarding whether certain liabilities are covered by the indemnification provisions of the transaction agreement. We may underestimate the level of certain costs or the exposure we may face as a result of acquired liabilities. If any of these or other factors limit our ability to achieve the anticipated benefits of a transaction, or we encounter other unexpected transaction-related costs and liabilities, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.

Our goodwill has been subject to impairment and may be subject to further impairment in the future, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, or future operating results.

We perform a goodwill impairment test for each reporting unit annually, or more frequently if indicators for potential impairment exist. Indicators that are considered include significant changes in performance relative to expected operating results, significant negative industry or economic trends, or a significant decline in our stock price and/or market capitalization for a sustained period of time. In addition, we assess the current and future economic outlook for our reporting units during the fiscal year. While we believe the assumptions used in determining whether there was impairment and the amount of any resulting impairment were reasonable and commensurate with the views of a market participant, changes in key assumptions in the future, including increasing the discount rate, lowering forecasts for revenue and operating margin, or lowering the long-term growth rate, could result in additional charges; similarly, one or more changes in these assumptions in future periods due to changes in circumstances could result in future impairments in one or more reporting units. We have incurred impairment charges in the current period, and we cannot predict if or when additional future goodwill impairments may occur. We recorded a $97.1 million impairment to goodwill in our Parking Solutions segment during fiscal year 2024, which is presented in a separate line item on the consolidated statements of operations. This was in connection with our 2024 assessment of goodwill impairment where the Parking Solutions reporting unit’s carrying value exceeded the estimated fair value. Any future goodwill impairments could have material adverse effects on our operating income, net assets, or our cost of, or access to, capital, which could harm our business. See Note 2
, Significant Accounting Policies, 
in Item 8
, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
, for additional information.

Risks Related to Data Privacy and Cybersecurity

A failure in or breach of our networks or systems, including as a result of cyber-attacks, could have a material adverse effect on our business.

We act as a trusted business partner in both front office and back office platforms, interacting with our customers and other third parties. Our customers include large, multinational corporations and government agencies who depend upon our operational efficiency, non-interruption of service, and accuracy and security of information. We receive, process, transmit and store substantial volumes of information relating to identifiable individuals, both in our role as a back-end or direct-to-consumer service provider and as an employer, and receive, process and implement financial transactions, and disburse funds, which requires us to receive debit and credit card information. We also use third-party providers such as subcontractors, software vendors, utility providers and network providers, upon whom we rely, to offer our products, services and solutions. As a result of these and other aspects of our business, the integrity, security and accuracy of our systems and information technology, and that of the third parties with which we interact, including our customers and other government agencies with which we work, are extremely important.

20

Our cybersecurity and processing systems, as well as those of the third parties with which we interact, may be damaged, disrupted or otherwise breached for a number of reasons, including power outages, computer and telecommunication failures, computer viruses, malware or other destructive software, internal design, manual or usage errors, cyber-attacks, terrorism, workplace violence or wrongdoing, catastrophic events, natural disasters and severe weather conditions. Our visibility and role as a processor of transactions containing personally identifiable information may also put us at a greater risk of being targeted by hackers. In the normal course of our business, we have been the target of malicious cyber-attack attempts. We have in place insurance designed to provide coverage in connection with cybersecurity breaches, provided, however, that such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all insured losses or all types of claims that may arise.

In addition, numerous and evolving cybersecurity threats, including advanced and persistent cyber-attacks, phishing and social engineering schemes could compromise our systems and the confidentiality, availability and integrity of data in our systems, as well as the systems and data of the third parties with which we interact. The security measures and procedures we and the third parties with which we interact have in place to protect sensitive consumer data and other information may not be successful or sufficient to counter all data breaches, cyber-attacks, or system failures. Further, employee error or malfeasance, faulty password management or other irregularities may result in a defeat of security measures or a system breach. Although we devote significant resources to our cybersecurity programs and have implemented security measures to protect our systems and data, and to prevent, detect and respond to data security incidents, in each case that we believe are reasonable and appropriate, these efforts, and the efforts of third parties with which we interact, may not prevent these or other threats.

Moreover, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, or to disable or degrade systems change frequently, have become increasingly more complex and sophisticated, and may be difficult to detect for periods of time, we and the third parties with which we interact may not anticipate these acts or respond adequately or timely. As these threats continue to evolve and increase, we may be required to devote significant additional resources in order to modify and enhance our security controls and to identify and remediate any security vulnerabilities or conduct due diligence of those of third parties.

If we are sued in connection with any data security breach or system failure, we could be involved in protracted litigation. In addition, a breach could lead to unfavorable publicity and significant damage to our brand, the loss of existing and potential customers, allegations by customers that we have not performed or have breached our contractual obligations, or decreased use and acceptance of our solutions. A breach or failure may also subject us to additional regulations or governmental or regulatory scrutiny, which could result in significant compliance costs, fines or enforcement actions, or potential restrictions imposed by regulators on our ability to operate our business. A security breach would also likely require us to devote significant management and other resources to address the problems created by the security breach. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

We are subject to laws and regulations of the United States and foreign jurisdictions relating to personal information, privacy and data security, and failure to comply with these laws and regulations, whether or not inadvertent, could have a material adverse effect on our business.

Personal information is used both as part of our business and in our role as an employer. In addition, as part of our Government Solutions, Commercial Services and Parking Solutions businesses, we process other data which may be considered personal information or sensitive personal information in certain jurisdictions, such as photographs and video recordings. As a result, we are subject to various laws and regulations regarding personal information, privacy and data security, including those promulgated by the United States federal government and its agencies, and state, local and foreign governments, agencies, and public authorities. In addition, our handling of personal information is subject to our published privacy policies and notices, contractual obligations and industry standards.

Laws, regulations and industry standards relating to privacy are rapidly evolving, can be subject to significant change and may result in ever-increasing regulatory and public scrutiny and escalating levels of enforcement and sanctions. These laws and regulations may also be subject to new or different interpretations. For example, in June 2018, California enacted the CCPA, which took effect on January 1, 2020. The CCPA was amended and expanded (including to apply to employee and business-to-business data) by the California Privacy Rights Act, which took effect on January 1, 2023. The CCPA created several new obligations for companies which process personal information. It also gives California residents expanded rights to access, delete and obtain a copy of their personal information; opt out of certain personal information disclosures; and receive detailed information about how their personal data is processed. The law provides for civil penalties against companies that fail to comply.

21

Several other states have enacted privacy laws. These states include Virginia (effective January 1, 2023); Colorado and Connecticut (both effective July 1, 2023); Utah (effective December 31, 2023); Oregon, Texas, and Florida (all effective July 1, 2024); Montana (effective October 1, 2024); Delaware, Nebraska, New Hampshire, and Iowa (all effective January 1, 2025); New Jersey (effective January 16, 2025); Tennessee (effective July 1, 2025); Minnesota (effective July 31, 2025); Maryland (effective October 1, 2025); and Indiana, Kentucky, and Rhode Island (all effective January 1, 2026). Additional states have introduced privacy bills, and Congress has considered several privacy bills at the federal level. Regulations implementing the CCPA and Colorado have also been published, though many questions remain as to how all of the new statutes will be interpreted and enforced. In addition, the FTC uses its consumer protection authority to initiate enforcement actions against companies relating to their use and disclosure of personal information, particularly in response to actual or perceived unfair or deceptive acts or practices.

Various U.S. state laws and regulations may also require us to notify affected individuals and state agencies in the event of a data breach involving personal information. Penalties for failure to adequately protect personal information, notify as required, or provide timely notice vary by jurisdiction. In the United States, most state data breach notification laws consider violations to be unfair or deceptive trade practices and give the relevant state attorneys general the authority to levy fines or bring enforcement actions. Some laws, such as the CCPA, also grant affected individuals a private right of action for certain data breaches, with the CCPA also providing for statutory damages. Class action lawsuits against companies which experience a data breach involving personal information are also increasingly common and for larger awards. Foreign laws concerning personal information, privacy and data security may be more restrictive and burdensome than those of the United States. Given that data is highly mobile and transferable, many data protection and privacy laws of foreign nations seek to have wide extraterritorial jurisdiction over conduct occurring outside geographical boundaries of the relevant jurisdiction. For example, the GDPR extends the scope of E.U. data protection law to non-E.U. companies processing data of E.U. residents when certain conditions are satisfied. The GDPR contains numerous, more stringent requirements and changes from prior E.U. law, including more robust privacy and compliance obligations for both companies and their service providers, greater rights for individuals, heavier documentation requirements for data protection compliance programs, restrictions on transfers of personal data to non-E.U. countries, and prompt notice of data breaches to data subjects and supervisory authorities in certain circumstances. The GDPR fine framework can be up to €20 million, or up to 4% of the company’s total global turnover of the preceding fiscal year, whichever is higher. Further, our customers, through contractual requirements, could require us to comply with certain of these stringent requirements regardless of whether our business is actually subject to the GDPR.

The costs could be high and deadlines short for compliance with these privacy- and data security-related laws, regulations, contractual requirements and industry standards, each of which may limit our ability to compete for new business, do business with certain government agencies, including our existing customers, or continue to access certain data, and may limit the use or adoption of our smart mobility technology solutions and services, reduce overall demand for our solutions and services, slow the pace at which we generate revenue, subject us to fines or penalties, or cause us to breach contractual commitments to our customers. As these laws, regulations, and standards continue to develop in the United States and internationally, we may be required to expend significant time and resources in order to update existing processes or implement additional mechanisms as necessary to ensure compliance. Moreover, if our policies, procedures or measures relating to these issues fail to comply, or regulators assert we have failed to comply, with applicable laws, regulations or industry standards, we may be subject to governmental enforcement actions, litigation, regulatory investigations, fines, algorithmic disgorgement, the inability to use previously-collected personal information or the inability to collect new personal information, other penalties and negative publicity, and our application providers, customers and partners may lose trust in or stop doing business with us entirely. We expect that there will continue to be new proposed laws, regulations and industry standards concerning personal information, privacy and data retention in the United States, the E.U. and other jurisdictions, and we cannot yet determine the impact of such future laws, regulations and industry standards may have on our business. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

22

We are subject to domestic and foreign laws relating to processing certain financial transactions, including debit or credit card transactions, and failure to comply with those laws, even if inadvertent, could have a material adverse effect on our business.

We process, support and execute financial transactions as part of our business and disburse funds on behalf of certain of our customers. This activity includes receiving debit and credit card information, processing payments for and due to our customers and disbursing funds on payment or debit cards to payees of our customers. As a result, we may be subject to numerous U.S. federal and state and foreign jurisdiction laws and regulations, including the Electronic Fund Transfer Act, the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970 (commonly known as the Bank Secrecy Act) and the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (the “
Patriot Act
”).

We have implemented policies and procedures to preserve and protect credit card and other payment data against loss, corruption, misappropriation caused by systems failures, unauthorized access or misuse. Notwithstanding these policies and procedures, we could be subject to liability claims by individuals and customers whose data resides in our databases for the misuse of that information. If we fail to meet appropriate compliance levels, this could negatively impact our ability to utilize credit cards as a method of payment, or collect and store credit card information, which could disrupt our business. Failure to comply with these laws may subject us to, among other things, additional costs or changes to our business practices, liability for monetary damages, fines or criminal prosecution, unfavorable publicity, restrictions on our ability to process and support financial transactions and allegations by customers that we have not performed our contractual obligations, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Risks Related to Human Capital Management

We depend on the services of key executives and any inability to attract and retain key management personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business.

Our future success depends upon the continued services of our executive officers, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, who have critical experience and relationships that we rely on to implement our business plan and growth strategy. Additionally, as our business grows, we may need to attract and hire additional management personnel. We have employment agreements with some members of senior management that include non-competition provisions; however, we cannot prevent our executives from terminating their employment and may not be able to fully enforce non-competition provisions limiting former executives or key personnel from competing with us following any departure. Moreover, we do not carry “key-man” life insurance on the lives of our executive officers, employees or advisors. Our ability to retain our key management personnel or to identify and attract additional management personnel or suitable replacements should any members of the management team leave or be terminated is dependent on a number of factors, including the competitive nature of the employment market and our industry. Any failure to retain key management personnel or to attract additional or suitable replacement personnel could cause uncertainty among investors, employees, customers and others concerning our future direction and performance and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

23

A failure to attract and retain necessary skilled personnel and qualified subcontractors could have a material adverse effect on our business.

Our business depends on highly skilled technical, managerial, engineering, sales, marketing and customer support personnel and qualified and competent subcontractors. Competition for these personnel is intense. Any failure to attract, hire, assimilate in a timely manner and retain and motivate key qualified personnel, particularly software development, product development, analytics and other technical personnel, or inability to contract with qualified, competent subcontractors, could impair our success. Additionally, certain portions of our Government Solutions operations are dependent on employees and subcontractors who are subject to a collective bargaining agreement. When the collective bargaining agreement becomes subject to renegotiation or if we face union organizing drives, a disagreement between us and the union on issues of importance to the union may lead to a strike, work slowdown or other job actions in one or more locations we serve. A strike, work slowdown or other job action could disrupt our services, resulting in reduced revenues or contract cancellations. State or local law in some jurisdictions requires that subcontractors for our Government Solutions segment are certified by the jurisdiction, and the failure on the part of our subcontractors to obtain and maintain such certification could impact their ability to perform services for us. Further, some jurisdictions require that we subcontract a certain percentage of our work to certified businesses and failure to do so may decrease our competitiveness in the marketplace, lead to breach of contract claims or result in having to refund fees paid for failing to achieve committed targets. Additionally, our acquisition activity could increase the challenge of retaining our key employees and subcontractors and those of the acquired businesses. The loss of any key technical employee or the termination of a key subcontractor relationship, and any inability to identify suitable replacements or offer reasonable terms to these candidates, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Risks Related to our International Operations

Our operations in international markets expose us to additional risks, and failure to manage those risks could have a material adverse effect on our business.

We have subsidiaries in various international markets that include but are not limited to the United Kingdom, Netherlands, France, Ireland, Spain, Australia, Canada, Hungary and India. The success of our business depends, in part, on our ability to successfully manage these foreign operations. Our international operations subject us to risks that could increase expenses, restrict our ability to operate, result in lost revenues or otherwise materially and adversely affect our business, including:

•
political, social, and economic instability, including European sovereign debt issues and tightening of government budgets; 

•
fluctuations in geopolitical relationships, which may impact our access to goods and services and our ability to contract with certain government entities;

•
wars, civil unrest, acts of terrorism and other conflicts;

•
increased complexity and costs of managing or overseeing foreign operations, including adapting and localizing our services to specific regions and countries and relying on different third-party service providers;

•
complying with tariffs, trade restrictions, and trade agreements and any changes thereto;

•
foreign exchange and other restrictions and limitations on the transfer or repatriation of funds;

•
adverse tax consequences;

•
fluctuations in currency exchange rates;

•
complying with varying legal and regulatory environments, and managing public perception, in multiple foreign jurisdictions, including with respect to data and consumer privacy and payment processing, labor matters and VAT, and unexpected changes in these laws, regulatory requirements, and the enforcement thereof; and

•
limited protection of our intellectual property and other assets as compared to the laws of the United States.

24

We have limited or no control over these and other factors related to international operations and our strategies to address these risks may not correctly anticipate any problems that arise or be successful in expanding our solutions from the United States into new markets. Any failure to successfully manage these and other similar risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Our growth strategy is, in part, dependent on successfully implementing our international expansion strategy.

Our growth strategy includes expanding our global footprint, which may involve moving into regions and countries beyond those in which we currently operate. In order to achieve widespread acceptance in new markets we may enter, we may need to develop new products and services or tailor our existing products and services to that market’s unique customs, cultures and standards. Management of these and any future international subsidiaries may divert our resources and require significant attention from management. In addition to the risks inherent in conducting international business, expanding internationally with new and existing customers poses additional risks, including:

•
lack of acceptance of our products and services;

•
tax issues, including administration of value-added tax, restrictions on repatriating earnings, and with respect to our corporate operating structure and intercompany arrangements;

•
our ability to adapt our marketing and selling efforts to different cultures and customers;

•
a different competitive environment, including a number of smaller competitors and a more fragmented business model, as well as competition from other market participants; 

•
our ability to obtain and protect intellectual property rights to operate successfully in each territory due to pre-existing third-party intellectual property rights; and

•
an unfamiliar regulatory environment, including different local, provincial and national regulations.

If we are unable to effectively manage these risks, our relationships with our existing and prospective customers, strategic partners and employees and our operations outside the United States may be adversely affected.

In many cases, we will have limited or no experience in a particular region or country where we intend to launch operations. Moreover, learning the customs and cultures, particularly with respect to consumer preferences, differing technology standards and language barriers, is a difficult task. Our failure to do so effectively could slow our growth in those regions or countries. In many of these markets, long-standing relationships between potential customers and their local partners and protective regulations, including local content requirements and approvals, and disparate networks and systems used by each country, will create barriers to entry. Difficulties in foreign financial markets and economies and of foreign financial institutions, particularly in emerging markets, could also adversely affect demand in the affected areas. For this strategy to be successful, we must generate sufficient revenues and margins from the new markets to offset the expense of the expansion. Moreover, as the scale of our international operations increases, we will be more susceptible to the general risks related to our existing international operations discussed above. If we are unable to further expand internationally or if we are unable to effectively and efficiently manage the complexity of our expanded operations and compete in these new regions and countries, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.

Failure to comply with anticorruption and anti-money laundering laws, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar laws associated with our activities outside of the United States, could have a material adverse effect on our business.

Our operations subject us to anticorruption and other similar laws and regulations of multiple jurisdictions, both within the United States and internationally, which are often evolving, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the “
FCPA
”), the U.S. domestic bribery statute contained in 18 U.S.C. § 201, the U.S. Travel Act, the Patriot Act, and comparable foreign anti-bribery and anti-money laundering laws and regulations, including the United Kingdom Bribery Act of 2010. Our businesses are subject to a number of international, federal, state and local laws and regulations regarding similar matters. These laws and regulations prohibit companies and their employees and third-party intermediaries from authorizing, offering or providing, directly or indirectly, improper payments or other benefits to government officials, political parties and private-sector recipients for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business, directing business to any person or securing any advantage.

25

We use various third parties to conduct our business, both domestically and abroad, and we can be held liable for the corrupt or illegal activities of our employees, representatives, contractors or subcontractors, partners, and agents, those of the third parties with which we do business or those of any businesses we acquire, even if we do not explicitly authorize such activities or if they occurred prior to our acquisition of the relevant business. Safeguards we implement to discourage these practices may prove to be ineffective and any internal investigations may not uncover any such practices that may exist. Violations of the FCPA or other applicable anti-bribery, anti-corruption, and anti-money laundering laws by us or any of these third parties can result in severe criminal or civil sanctions, or other liabilities or proceedings against us, including class action lawsuits, whistleblower complaints, enforcement actions by the SEC, Department of Justice, and U.S. state and local and foreign regulators, adverse media coverage, non-responsibility determinations by procuring agencies, and suspension or debarment from government contracts, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Numerous countries, including a number of those in which we do business, have agreed to a statement in support of Economic Co-operation and Development (“OECD”) model rules that propose a global minimum tax, which if adopted, and subject to any “protective measures” implemented by the United States and responses thereto, may increase and negatively impact our provision for income taxes.

Numerous countries, including a number of those in which we do business, have agreed to a statement in support of the OECD model rules that propose a global minimum tax rate of 15% that would apply to multinational companies with consolidated revenue above €750 million. Certain countries, including European Union member states, have enacted, or are expected to enact, legislation implementing a global minimum tax this year. In January 2025, the President of the United States issued an Executive Order declaring, in part, that the global minimum tax initiative has “no force or effect in the United States absent an act of the Congress.” This Executive Order further directed the U.S. Treasury Department to investigate whether any non-U.S. countries are not in compliance with any tax treaty or have tax rules in place, or that are likely to be put in place, that are extraterritorial or disproportionately affect U.S. corporations and, if so, to advise on options for “protective measures.” As a result of global minimum tax rules becoming effective in countries in which we do business, and subject to any “protective measures” that may be implemented by the United States and responses thereto by other countries, our taxes could increase and negatively impact our provision for income taxes. We will continue to monitor pending legislation and implementation by individual countries of a global minimum tax, as well as responses thereto by the United States, and evaluate the potential impact on our business in future periods.

Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property

Failure to acquire necessary intellectual property or adequately protect our intellectual property could have a material adverse effect on our business.

Our success depends, in part, on our ability to protect and defend our intellectual property against infringement, misappropriation and dilution. To protect our intellectual property rights, we rely on a combination of patent, trademark, copyright, trade secret and unfair competition laws of the United States and other countries, as well as contract provisions. We have registered certain patents and trademarks and have applications pending in the United States and foreign jurisdictions for some inventions and trademarks, including the Verra Mobility word mark and logo, for which some registrations have been granted and some applications are pending. However, not all of the trademarks and inventions we currently use have been registered in all of the countries in which we do business, and they may never be registered in all of those countries, and the applications we submit for these protections may not be granted. While we make efforts to acquire rights to intellectual property necessary for our operations, these measures may not adequately protect our rights in any given case, particularly in those countries where the laws do not protect proprietary rights as fully as in the United States.

26

If we fail to acquire necessary intellectual property rights or adequately protect or assert our intellectual property rights, competitors may manufacture and market similar products and services, or dilute our brands, which could adversely affect our market share. It may be possible for third parties to reverse engineer, otherwise obtain, copy, and use software or information that we regard as proprietary. In addition, our competitors may avoid application of our existing or future intellectual property rights. Further, patent rights, copyrights and contractual provisions may not prevent our competitors from developing, using or selling products or services that are similar to or address the same market as, our products and services. Failure to obtain registrations for the Verra Mobility word mark or logo may have a significant adverse impact on our brand. Moreover, some of our trademarks and services are descriptive or include descriptive elements, which may make it difficult to enforce our rights or prevent others from adopting and using similar marks. Competitive products and services could reduce the market value of our brands, products and services, inhibit attracting new customers or maintaining existing customers, lower our profits, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Our measures to monitor and protect our intellectual property may not be adequate to maintain or enforce our patents, trademarks or other intellectual property rights.

Despite our efforts to monitor and protect our intellectual property, we may not be able to maintain or enforce our patents, trademarks or other intellectual property rights. Unauthorized third parties may use our trademarks and service marks, or marks that are similar thereto, to impinge on our goodwill, cause consumer confusion or dilute our rights in the marks. We are aware of products, software and marks similar to our intellectual property being used by other persons. Although we believe that such uses will not adversely affect us, further or currently unknown unauthorized uses or other infringement of our trademarks or service marks could diminish the value of our intellectual property and may adversely affect our business. Even where we have effectively secured protection for our intellectual property, our competitors may challenge, infringe, misappropriate or dilute our intellectual property and our employees, consultants, contractors, customers and suppliers may breach their contractual obligations not to reveal or use our confidential information, including trade secrets. Additionally, defending or enforcing our intellectual property rights and agreements, and seeking an injunction or compensation for infringements or misappropriations, could result in expending significant resources and diverting management attention, which in turn may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

We have been and may become subject to third-party infringement claims or challenges to the validity of our intellectual property that could have a material adverse effect on our business.

We have faced, and may in the future face, claims for infringement, misappropriation or other violations of intellectual property rights from intellectual property owners in areas where we operate or intend to operate, including in foreign jurisdictions. Such claims may or may not be unfounded. Regardless of whether such claims have merit, our image, brands, competitive position and ability to expand our operations into other jurisdictions may be harmed and we may incur significant costs related to defense or settlement. If such claims were decided against us or a third-party we indemnify pursuant to license terms, we could be required to pay damages, develop or adopt non-infringing products or services, or acquire a license to the intellectual property that is the subject of the asserted claim, which license may not be available on acceptable terms or at all.

Defending or settling claims would require the expenditure of additional capital, and negative publicity could arise, even if the matter was ultimately decided in our favor. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Risks Related to Our Indebtedness

Our substantial level of indebtedness could cause our business to suffer and incurring additional debt could intensify debt-related risks.

We have a substantial amount of debt, including approximately $695.6 million outstanding under our first lien term loan facility as of December 31, 2024. Additionally, pursuant to an indenture, VM Consolidated, Inc. (“
VM Consolidated
”) issued an aggregate principal amount of $350 million in Senior Unsecured Notes (the “
Senior Notes
”) due 2029. We may also incur substantial additional debt in the future to, among other things, finance our acquisition strategy. We have the option to increase commitments under our revolving credit agreement by up to $50.0 million, all of which would be secured. We also have the ability to draw an unlimited amount from our first lien term loan facility, subject to the satisfaction of a maximum total net leverage ratio or minimum fixed charge coverage ratio, on a pro forma basis, all of which will be secured. Our substantial debt could have important consequences, any of which could be intensified if new debt is added to our current debt levels. For example, it could:

•
increase our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions;

27

•
limit our ability to obtain additional financing for future working capital, capital expenditures, strategic acquisitions and other general corporate requirements;

•
expose us to interest rate fluctuations because the interest rate on certain of our debt is variable;

•
require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our debt, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow for operations and other purposes;

•
make it more difficult for us to satisfy our general business obligations, including our obligations to our lenders, resulting in possible defaults on and acceleration of such indebtedness;

•
limit our ability to refinance indebtedness or increase the associated costs;

•
require us to sell assets to reduce debt or influence our decision about whether to do so;

•
limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate or prevent us from carrying out capital spending that is necessary or important to our growth strategy and efforts to improve operating margins; and

•
place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to any competitors that have less debt or comparable debt at more favorable interest rates and that, as a result, may be better positioned to withstand economic downturns.

Restrictive covenants in the agreements governing our indebtedness could restrict our operating flexibility.

The agreements governing our indebtedness limit our ability to take certain actions. These restrictions may limit our ability to operate our businesses, prohibit or limit our ability to enhance our operations or take advantage of potential business opportunities as they arise and cause us to take actions that are not favorable to stockholders.

The agreements governing our indebtedness restrict, among other things and subject to certain exceptions, our and our restricted subsidiaries’ ability to:

•
incur additional indebtedness;

•
pay dividends or other payments on capital stock;

•
guarantee other obligations;

•
grant liens on assets;

•
make loans, acquisitions or other investments;

•
transfer or dispose of assets;

•
make optional payments or modify certain debt instruments;

•
engage in transactions with affiliates;

•
amend organizational documents;

•
engage in mergers or consolidations;

•
enter into arrangements that restrict the ability to pay dividends;

•
engage in business activities that are materially different from existing business activities;

•
change the nature of the business we conduct; and

•
designate subsidiaries as unrestricted subsidiaries.

Under our first lien term loan facility, we could be required to make periodic prepayments based on excess cash flow (as defined by the first lien term loan agreement) thereby limiting the amount of cash flow that can be reinvested in our business. For example, under our revolving credit facility, if availability goes below a certain threshold, we will be required to comply with a minimum “consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio” financial covenant as calculated therein. Moreover, if availability falls below a certain threshold for a specified number of business days, we could be required to remit our cash funds to a dominion account maintained by the administrative agent to the revolving credit facility, which would require daily review and approval of operating disbursements by the administrative agent.

28

Our ability to comply with the covenants and restrictions contained in agreements governing our indebtedness may be affected by economic conditions and by financial, market and competitive factors, many of which are beyond our control. Our ability to comply with these covenants in future periods will also depend substantially on the pricing and sales volume of our products and our ability to successfully implement our overall business strategy. The breach of any of these covenants or restrictions could result in a default under one or more of the agreements governing our indebtedness that would permit the applicable lenders to declare all amounts outstanding thereunder to be due and payable, together with accrued and unpaid interest. In that case, we may be unable to borrow under our revolving credit agreement or otherwise, may not be able to repay the amounts due under the agreements governing our indebtedness, and may not be able to make cash available by dividend, debt repayment or otherwise. In addition, if we are unable to pay the amounts due under the term loan, our lenders could proceed against the collateral securing the indebtedness under the term loan, which consists of substantially all of our assets. Any of the foregoing could have material adverse effects to our financial position, results of operations or cash flows and could cause us to become bankrupt or insolvent.

The agreements governing our indebtedness contain cross default or cross acceleration provisions that may cause all of the debt issued under those instruments to become immediately due and payable because of a default under an unrelated debt instrument.

The agreements governing our indebtedness contain numerous covenants and require us, if availability goes below a certain threshold, to comply with a minimum “consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio” financial covenant as calculated in the revolving credit agreement. Our failure to comply with the obligations contained in these agreements or other instruments governing our indebtedness could result in an event of default under the applicable instrument, which could result in the related debt and the debt issued under other instruments (together with accrued and unpaid interest and other fees) becoming immediately due and payable. In such event, we would need to raise funds from alternative sources, which funds may not be available to us on favorable terms, on a timely basis or at all. Alternatively, such a default could require us to sell assets and otherwise curtail our operations in order to pay our creditors. These alternative measures could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows.

If we do not generate sufficient cash flows, we may not be able to service all of our indebtedness.

To service our indebtedness, we will require a significant amount of cash. Our ability to generate cash, make scheduled payments or to refinance our debt obligations depends on our successful financial and operating performance, which will be affected by a range of economic, competitive and business factors, many of which are outside of our control.

If our cash flow and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations or to repay indebtedness when it matures, we may have to undertake alternative financing plans, such as refinancing or restructuring our debt, selling assets or operations, reducing or delaying capital investments or seeking to raise additional capital. We may not be able to refinance our debt and any refinancing of our debt could be at higher interest rates and may require us to comply with more restrictive covenants that could further restrict our business operations and our ability to make cash available for dividends and distributions and payments on our other debt obligations (if any). Our ability to implement successfully any such alternative financing plans will be dependent on a range of factors, including general economic conditions, the level of activity in mergers and acquisitions and capital markets generally, and the terms of our various debt instruments then in effect. In addition, a significant portion of our outstanding indebtedness is secured by substantially all of our assets including our subsidiaries’ assets, and any successor credit facilities are likely to be secured on a similar basis. As such, our ability to seek additional financing or our ability to make cash available for dividends and distributions and payments on our other debt obligations (if any) could be impaired as a result of such security interests and the agreements governing such security interests. Moreover, as a result of these security interests, the underlying assets would only be available to satisfy claims of our general creditors or holders of our equity securities if we were to become insolvent to the extent the value of such assets exceeded the amount of our indebtedness and other obligations.

Our inability to generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy our debt obligations or to refinance our obligations on commercially reasonable terms could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our financial condition and results of operations.

29

We may be unable to obtain additional financing to fund operations and growth.

We may require additional financing to fund our operations or growth, whether organic or through acquisitions. Our failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on our continued development or growth.

Risks Related to Our Class A Common Stock, Related Party Transactions and Organizational Documents

We cannot guarantee that our stock repurchase programs will enhance long-term shareholder value. Stock repurchases could also increase the volatility of the trading price of our stock and could diminish our cash reserves. In addition, Congress enacted the Inflation Reduction Act in 2022, which (among other provisions) provided for a 1% excise tax on net stock repurchases. This provision applies to stock repurchases initiated after January 1, 2023.

In October 2023, our Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program for up to an aggregate amount of $100.0 million of our outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock over an 18-month period in open market, accelerated share repurchase (“
ASR
”) or privately negotiated transactions.

In June 2024, we entered into a share repurchase agreement with a stockholder, pursuant to which we repurchased, directly from the stockholder, 2.0 million shares of our Class A Common Stock for an aggregate purchase price of $51.5 million. During the fourth quarter of 2024, we repurchased approximately 1.5 million shares through open market transactions and paid $35.8 million. On December 4, 2024, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to an additional $100 million of our outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock under the existing October 2023 program, providing the Company with approximately $112.7 million available for repurchases.

On December 11, 2024, we entered into an ASR agreement with a third-party financial institution to purchase $112.7 million of our Class A common stock. Pursuant to the terms of the ASR agreement, we received and retired 3,821,958 shares of our Class A Common Stock and paid $112.7 million. The delivery of any remaining shares will occur at the final settlement of the transactions under the ASR agreement, which is scheduled to occur in the first quarter of 2025. The final number of shares repurchased under the ASR agreement will be based on the daily volume-weighted average share prices over the term in the ASR agreement, less a discount and subject to adjustments.

We paid a total of $200.0 million for share repurchases during the year ended December 31, 2024. In addition, we recorded approximately $1.7 million within accrued liabilities related to the excise taxes payable on net share repurchases on the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2024.

The timing, price, and quantity of purchases under the repurchase programs have been, and will continue to be, made at the discretion of our management based upon a variety of factors including share price, general and business market conditions, compliance with applicable laws and regulations, corporate and regulatory requirements, and alternative uses of capital. There is no guarantee as to the exact number of shares that we will repurchase and we cannot guarantee that share repurchase programs will enhance long-term stockholder value. Share repurchase programs could affect the trading price of our common stock and increase volatility. In addition, our repurchases under our share repurchase programs have diminished, and could continue to diminish, our cash reserves.

Anti-takeover provisions contained in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, as well as provisions of Delaware law, could impair a takeover attempt.

Our certificate of incorporation contains provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that stockholders may consider to be in their best interests. We are also subject to anti-takeover provisions under Delaware law, which could delay or prevent a change of control. Together, these provisions may make the removal of management more difficult and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. These provisions include:

•
no cumulative voting in the election of directors, which limits the ability of minority stockholders to elect director candidates;

•
a classified board of directors with three-year staggered terms, which could delay the ability of stockholders to change the membership of a majority of our Board;

30

•
the requirement that directors may only be removed from the Board for cause;

•
the right of our Board to elect a director to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of our Board or the resignation, death or removal of a director in certain circumstances, which prevents stockholders from being able to fill vacancies on our Board;

•
a prohibition on stockholder action by written consent, which forces stockholder action to be taken at an annual or special meeting of our stockholders; 

•
a prohibition on stockholders calling a special meeting and the requirement that a meeting of stockholders may only be called by members of our Board or our Chief Executive Officer, which may delay the ability of our stockholders to force consideration of a proposal or to take action, including the removal of directors;

•
the requirement that changes or amendments to certain provisions of our certificate of incorporation or bylaws must be approved by holders of at least two-thirds of our Common Stock; and

•
advance notice procedures that stockholders must comply with in order to nominate candidates to our Board or to propose matters to be acted upon at a meeting of stockholders, which may discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer’s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us.

Our bylaws include a forum selection clause, which may impact the ability of our stockholders to bring actions against us.

Subject to certain limitations, our bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for any stockholder (including a beneficial owner) to bring: (a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; (b) any action asserting a claim of breach of fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers or other employees or our stockholders; (c) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporate Law or our certificate of incorporation or bylaws; or (d) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine. In addition, our bylaws provide that unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States will be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the federal securities laws of the United States against us, our officers, directors, employees or underwriters. These limitations on the forum in which stockholders may initiate action against us could create costs or, inconvenience or otherwise adversely affect our stockholders’ ability to seek legal redress. If a court were to find the forum-selection provisions contained in our bylaws to be unenforceable, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving proceedings in forums other than the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware and the federal district courts of the United States.

Our only significant asset is our ownership interest in our operating subsidiaries and such ownership may not be sufficient to pay dividends or make distributions or loans to enable us to pay any dividends on our Class A Common Stock or satisfy our other financial obligations.

We have no direct operations and no significant assets other than our ownership interest in our operating subsidiaries. We depend on our operating subsidiaries for distributions, loans and other payments to generate the funds necessary to meet our financial obligations, including our expenses as a publicly traded company. The financial condition and operating requirements of our operating subsidiaries may limit our ability to obtain cash from our operating subsidiaries. The earnings from, or other available assets of, our operating subsidiaries may not be sufficient to make distributions or loans to enable us to pay any dividends on our Common Stock or satisfy our other financial obligations.

The ability of our operating subsidiaries (other than subsidiaries which have been designated as unrestricted pursuant to our ability to do so in certain limited circumstances) to make distributions, loans and other payments to us for the purposes described above and for any other purpose is governed by the terms of the agreements governing our indebtedness and will be subject to the negative covenants set forth therein. Any loans or other extensions of credit would be subject to the restrictive covenants under such agreements.

31

If our Class A Common Stock is delisted from Nasdaq, a market for our securities may not continue, which would adversely affect the liquidity and price of our securities.

The price of our securities may vary due to general economic conditions and forecasts, our general business condition and the release of our financial reports. Additionally, if our securities are not listed on, or become delisted from, Nasdaq for any reason, including for failure to maintain compliance with rules for continued listing on Nasdaq, and are quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board or OTC Pink, an inter-dealer automated quotation system for equity securities that is not a national securities exchange, the liquidity and price of our securities may be more limited than if we were quoted or listed on Nasdaq or another national securities exchange.

Our business could be negatively affected as a result of actions of activist stockholders or others.

We may be subject to actions or proposals from stockholders or others that may not align with our business strategies or the interests of our other stockholders. Responding to such actions can be costly and time-consuming, disrupt our business and operations, and divert the attention of our Board, management, and employees from the pursuit of our business strategies. Such activities could interfere with our ability to execute our strategic plan. Activist stockholders or others may create perceived uncertainties as to the future direction of our business or strategy which may be exploited by our competitors and may make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified personnel and potential customers, and may affect our relationships with current customers, vendors, investors, and other third parties. In addition, a proxy contest for the election of directors at our annual meeting would require us to incur significant legal fees and proxy solicitation expenses and require significant time and attention by management and our Board. The perceived uncertainties as to our future direction also could affect the market price and volatility of our securities.

General Risk Factors

If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls or identify a material weakness or significant deficiency in our internal control over financial reporting, our ability to report our financial condition and results of operations in a timely and accurate manner could be adversely affected, investor confidence in our company could diminish, and the value of our securities may decline.

As a public company, we are required to comply with Section 404 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 (“
SOX
”), which requires, among other things, that companies maintain disclosure controls and procedures to ensure timely disclosure of material information, and that management reviews the effectiveness of those controls on a quarterly basis.

A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. While we continually undertake steps to improve our internal control over financial reporting as our business changes, we may not be successful in making the improvements and changes necessary to be able to identify and remediate control deficiencies or material weaknesses on a timely basis.

During fiscal year 2023, we identified a material weakness in the design and operation of our internal controls over financial reporting in the Control Activities component of the COSO framework related to the lack of information technology general controls to prevent the risk of management override. Based on the implementation work and the results of testing performed, our management concluded that the previous identified material weakness has been remediated as of December 31, 2024, as further discussed in “
Controls and Procedures
” in 
Part II, Item 9A
 of this Annual Report
.

We cannot be certain that we will be able to maintain adequate controls over our financial processes and reporting in the future or that we will be able to comply with our obligations under Section 404 of SOX. If we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal controls, we cannot assure our stockholders that we will be able to conclude in the future that we have effective internal control over financial reporting, and/or we may encounter difficulties in implementing or improving our internal controls, which could harm our operating results or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. If we fail to maintain effective internal controls, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, the market price of our securities may be negatively affected, and we could be subject to sanctions or investigation by regulatory authorities, such as the SEC or Nasdaq.

32

Litigation and other disputes and regulatory investigations could have a material adverse effect on our business.

From time to time, and as more discussed in the section entitled “
Legal Proceedings
,” we may be involved in litigation and other disputes or regulatory investigations that arise in and outside the ordinary course of business. We expect that the number, frequency and significance of these matters may increase as our business expands and we grow as a company. Litigation, disputes, or regulatory investigations may relate to, among other things, intellectual property, antitrust claims, commercial arrangements, negligence and fiduciary duty claims, vicarious liability based upon conduct of individuals or entities outside of our control, including our third-party service providers, deceptive trade practices, claims related to invoicing, personal injury claims, claims related to licensing, general fraud claims and employment law claims, including compliance with wage and hour regulations and contractual requirements. An adverse determination may result in liability to us for the claim and may also result in the imposition of penalties and/or fines. Like other companies that handle sensitive personal and payment information, we also face the possibility of allegations regarding employee fraud or misconduct. In addition to more general litigation, at times we are also a named party in claims made against our customers, including putative class actions challenging the legality and constitutionality of automated photo enforcement and other similar programs of our Government Solutions customers and consumer fraud claims brought against our RAC customers alleging faulty disclosures regarding our services.

As a public company, we may also be subject to securities class action and stockholder derivative lawsuits. From time to time, we may also be reviewed or investigated by U.S. federal, state, or local regulators or regulators in the foreign jurisdictions in which we operate regarding similar and other matters, including tax assessments.

These investigations can be commenced at the initiative of the governmental authority or as a result of complaints by private citizens, regardless of whether the complaint has any merit. At times, we are also required to obtain licensing and permitting, including with respect to matters such as general contracting, performance of engineering services, performance of electrical work and performance of private investigative work. Although we carry general liability insurance coverage, our insurance may not cover all potential claims to which we are exposed, whether as a result of a dispute, litigation or governmental investigation, and it may not adequately indemnify us for all liability that may be imposed.

Any potential claims against us or investigation into our business and activities, whether meritorious or not, could be time consuming, result in significant legal and other expenses, require significant amounts of management time and result in the diversion of significant operational resources. Class action lawsuits can often be particularly burdensome given the breadth of claims, large potential damages and significant costs of defense. In the case of intellectual property litigation and proceedings, adverse outcomes could include the cancellation, invalidation or other loss of material intellectual property rights used in our business and injunctions prohibiting our use of business processes or technology that is subject to third-party patents or other third-party intellectual property rights. Legal or regulatory matters involving our directors, officers or employees in their individual capacities can also create exposure for us because we may be obligated or may choose to indemnify the affected individuals against liabilities and expenses they incur in connection with such matters. Regulatory investigations, including with respect to proper licensing, payment of wages, procurement practices or permitting, can also lead to enforcement actions, fines and penalties, the loss of a license or permit or the assertion of private litigation claims. Risks associated with these liabilities are often difficult to assess or quantify and their existence and magnitude can remain unknown for significant periods of time, making the amount of any legal reserves related to these legal liabilities difficult to determine and, if a reserve is established, subject to future revision. Future results of operations could be adversely affected if any reserve that we establish for a legal liability is increased or the underlying legal proceeding, investigation or other contingency is resolved for an amount in excess of established reserves. Because litigation and other disputes and regulatory investigations are inherently unpredictable, the results of any of these matters may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Risks related to laws and regulations and any changes in those laws could have a material adverse effect on our business.

We are subject to multiple, and sometimes conflicting, laws and regulations in the countries, states and localities in which we operate. We are required to comply with certain SEC, Nasdaq and other legal or regulatory requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws, regulations and rules may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Increasing regulatory burdens and corporate governance requirements could increase our legal and financial compliance costs and the amount of time management must devote to governance and compliance activities.

33

In addition to the laws and regulations discussed elsewhere in these risk factors regarding data privacy, foreign operations and other matters, we are subject to laws regarding transportation safety, consumer protection, procurement, anti-kickback, labor and employment matters, competition and antitrust, payment processing, intellectual property, environmental matters, and other trade-related laws and regulations. Certain of our operations are also subject to oversight by the USDOT, the Federal Communications Commission, the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission, and the Environmental Protection Agency, as well as comparable state and local agencies, including departments of transportation, departments of motor vehicles, professional licensing authorities and offices of inspector general. Our Government Solutions segment is also subject to laws related to the use of automated traffic enforcement, the capture, access and retention of data and matters related to government contracting.

Recent years have seen a substantial increase in the number of new laws and regulations and the rate of change and enforcement of many of these types of laws and regulations. We cannot predict the nature, scope or impact of future laws, regulatory requirements or similar standards may have on our business, whether implemented through changes to existing laws or the way they are administered or interpreted, or through entirely new regulations. Future laws, regulations, and standards or any changed interpretation or administration of existing laws or regulations could limit the continued use or adoption of one or more of our solutions, require us to incur additional costs, impact our ability to develop and market new solutions or impact our ability to retain existing business and secure new business. We may not be able to respond in a reasonable or cost-effective manner, or at all. Even if we make what we believe are appropriate changes, there is no certainty those actions will comply.

Any alleged or actual violations of any law or regulation, change in law or regulation or changes in the interpretation of existing laws or regulations may subject us to government scrutiny, including government or regulatory investigations and enforcement actions, civil and criminal fines and penalties, and negative publicly, or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Unanticipated changes in effective tax rates or adverse outcomes resulting from examination of our income or other tax returns could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.

We are subject to income taxes in numerous countries, and our domestic tax liabilities are subject to the allocation of expenses in differing jurisdictions. Our future effective tax rates could be subject to volatility or adversely affected by a number of factors, including:

•
changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities; 

•
expected timing and amount of the release of any tax valuation allowances;

•
tax effects of stock-based compensation;

•
costs related to intercompany restructurings;

•
changes in tax laws, regulations or interpretations thereof; or

•
lower than anticipated future earnings in jurisdictions where we have lower statutory tax rates and higher than anticipated future earnings in jurisdictions where we have higher statutory tax rates.

In addition, we are subject to audits of our income, sales and other transaction taxes by U.S. federal and state authorities, as well as foreign tax authorities. Outcomes from these audits could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

Item 1B. Unresolv
ed Staff Comments

None.

34

Item 1C. Cybersecurity

Our Board recognizes the importance of maintaining the trust and confidence of our customers, clients, business partners and employees. Our Board, through the Audit Committee, oversees our cybersecurity program as part of our enterprise-wide approach to risk management. 
Our cybersecurity policies, standards, processes and practices are 
integrated
 into our risk management approach and take into account recognized frameworks such as those established by the National Institute of Standards and Technology, as well as the International Organization for Standardization (ISO) 27001.

In general, we seek to address cybersecurity risks through a comprehensive, cross-functional approach that is focused on preserving the confidentiality, integrity and availability of the information that we collect and store by identifying, preventing and mitigating cybersecurity threats and effectively responding to cybersecurity incidents when they occur.

Risk Management and Strategy

As one of the critical elements of enterprise-wide approach to risk management, our cybersecurity program is focused on the following key areas:

Governance
: As discussed in more detail under the heading “Governance” below, our cybersecurity program is led by our Vice President of Cybersecurity, who 
reports to our Chief Technology Officer
, and is responsible for publishing cybersecurity policies and standards, conducting annual risk assessments and maintaining our compliance. Our Chief Technology Officer leads our cybersecurity team and regularly reports to our Audit Committee.

Collaboration
: We have implemented a comprehensive, cross-functional approach to identifying, preventing and mitigating cybersecurity threats and incidents, while also implementing controls and procedures that provide for the prompt escalation of certain cybersecurity incidents so that decisions regarding the public disclosure and reporting of such incidents can be made by management in a timely manner. We work with third-party firms to monitor our cybersecurity environment and report findings to executive leadership, internal audit and the Audit Committee regularly.

Technical Safeguards
: We deploy technical safeguards that are designed to protect our information systems from cybersecurity threats, including firewalls, intrusion prevention and detection systems, antimalware functionality and access controls, which are evaluated and improved through vulnerability assessments, certifications, audits and cybersecurity threat intelligence.

Incident Response and Recovery Planning
: We have established and maintained comprehensive incident response and recovery plans that fully address our response to a cybersecurity incident, and such plans are tested and evaluated on a regular basis.

Third-Party Risk Management
: We maintain a comprehensive, risk-based approach to identifying and overseeing cybersecurity risks presented by 
third parties
, including vendors, service providers and other external users of our systems, as well as the systems of third parties that could adversely impact our business in the event of a cybersecurity incident affecting those third-party systems. The program is underpinned by our Supply Chain Risk Management Standard which outlines requirements for vendors handling confidential company data or personally identifiable information, and we conduct continuous monitoring through a third-party monitoring tool.

Education and Awareness
: We provide regular, mandatory training for personnel regarding cybersecurity threats as a means to equip our personnel with effective tools to address cybersecurity threats, and to communicate our evolving information security policies, standards, processes and practices.

35

We engage in the periodic assessment and testing of our policies, standards, processes and practices that are designed to address cybersecurity threats and incidents. These efforts include a wide range of activities, including audits, assessments, tabletop exercises, threat modeling, vulnerability testing and other exercises focused on evaluating the effectiveness of our cybersecurity measures and planning. We regularly 
engage
 third parties to perform assessments on our cybersecurity measures, including information security maturity assessments, audits and independent reviews of our information security control environment and operating effectiveness. The results of such assessments, audits and reviews are reported to our Board and Audit Committee by our Chief Technology Officer based on materiality. We adjust our cybersecurity policies, standards, processes and practices as necessary based on the information provided by these assessments, audits and reviews.

Governance

Our Board, through the Audit Committee, oversees our enterprise-wide approach to risk management, including the risks arising from cybersecurity threats. 
Our Audit Committee regularly receives presentations and reports on cybersecurity risks, which address a wide range of topics, including recent developments, evolving standards, vulnerability assessments, third-party and independent reviews, the threat environment, technological trends and information security considerations arising with respect to our peers and third parties. Our Audit Committee also receives prompt and timely information regarding cybersecurity incidents that meet established reporting thresholds, as well as ongoing updates regarding any such incident until it has been addressed.

On an annual basis, our Audit Committee discusses our Company’s approach to cybersecurity risk management with management.

Our Audit Committee, in connection with management led by our 
Chief Technology Officer and Vice President
 of Cybersecurity, works collaboratively across our Company to oversee and to implement a program designed to protect our information systems from cybersecurity threats and to promptly respond to any cybersecurity incidents in accordance with our incident response and recovery plans.
 To facilitate the success of our cybersecurity risk management program, multidisciplinary teams are deployed to address cybersecurity threats and respond to cybersecurity incidents. Through ongoing communications with these teams, 
our Audit Committee monitors the prevention, detection, mitigation, and remediation of cybersecurity threats and incidents.

Both our Chief Technology Officer and Vice President of Cybersecurity have extensive related experience and have served in various roles in technology leadership and cybersecurity for over 20 years. Our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Legal Officer each hold undergraduate and/or graduate degrees in their respective fields, and each has experience managing risks at our Company and at similar companies including risks arising from cybersecurity threats.

Cybersecurity Threats

As of December 31, 2024, we have not experienced any material risks from cybersecurity threats, including as a result of any previous cybersecurity incidents or threats, that have 
materially affected
 the business strategy, results of operations or financial condition of the Company or are reasonably likely to have such a material effect. However, evolving cybersecurity threats make it increasingly challenging to anticipate, detect, and defend against cybersecurity threats and incidents. We have in place insurance designed to provide coverage in connection with cybersecurity incidents, provided, however, that such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all insured losses or all types of claims that may arise. Additional information on cybersecurity risks is discussed in Part I, Item 1A, “Risk Factors.”

Item 2. Pr
operties

We lease all of the properties used in our business, including 108,956 square feet of office space for our corporate headquarters in Mesa, Arizona. In addition to the corporate headquarters, we lease office space in various locations for corporate and administrative purposes and multiple small warehouse locations. We do not consider any of these properties to be material to our overall business.

36