Item 1A.    Risk Factors.
Safe Harbor for Forward-Looking Statements.
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The statements contained in this communication that are not purely historical are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements give the Company’s current expectations or forecasts of future events. These forward-looking statements generally can be identified by the use of words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “future,” “goal,” “guidance,” “hope,” “intend,” "likely", “may,” “opinion,” “optimistic,” “plan,” “poised,” “predict,” “project,” “should,” “strategy,” “target,” “will,” "work to," and variations of such words and similar expressions. Such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that are often difficult to predict and beyond the Company’s control, and could cause the Company’s results to differ materially from those described. These risks and uncertainties include, without limitation: changes in general industry or regional market conditions, including the impact of inflation; changes in consumer and customer preferences for our products (such as cameras replacing mirrors and/or autonomous driving); our ability to be awarded new business; continued uncertainty in pricing negotiations with customers and suppliers; loss of business from increased competition; changes in strategic relationships; customer bankruptcies or divestiture of customer brands; fluctuation in vehicle production schedules (including the impact of customer employee strikes); changes in product mix; raw material and other supply shortages; labor shortages, supply chain constraints and disruptions; our dependence on information systems; higher raw material, fuel, energy and other costs; unfavorable fluctuations in currencies or interest rates in the regions in which we operate; costs or difficulties related to the integration and/or ability to maximize the value of any new or acquired technologies and businesses; changes in regulatory conditions; warranty and recall claims and other litigation and customer reactions thereto; possible adverse results of pending or future litigation or infringement claims; changes in tax laws; import and export duty and tariff rates in or with the countries with which we conduct business, including those recently adopted and potential new tariffs; negative impact of any governmental investigations and associated litigation, including securities litigation relating to the conduct of our business; and force majeure events. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. 
The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law or the rules of the NASDAQ Global Select Market. Accordingly, any forward-looking statement should be read in conjunction with the additional information about risks and uncertainties identified under the heading “Risk Factors” in the Company’s latest Form 10-K and Form 10-Q filed with the SEC, which risks and uncertainties include supply chain constraints that have affected, are affecting, and will continue to affect, general economic and industry conditions, customers, suppliers, and the regulatory environment in which the Company operates. Forward-looking information includes content supplied by S&P Global Mobility Light Vehicle Production Forecast of January 16, 2025 (http://www.gentex.com/forecast-disclaimer).
T
he following risk factors, together with all other information provided in this Annual Report on Form 10-K should be carefully considered.
Automotive Industry.
 Customers within the auto industry comprise approximately 98% of our net sales. The automotive industry has always been cyclical and highly impacted by levels of economic activity. The current economic environment, including tariffs and inflation, continues to be uncertain, and continues to cause financial and production stresses evidenced by volatile automotive production levels, volatility with customer orders, supplier 
11
part and material shortages (especially electronics components), automotive and Tier 1 supplier plant shutdowns, customer and supplier financial issues, commodity raw material cost increases, supply constraints, consumer vehicle preference shifts (where we have a lower penetration rate and lower content per vehicle), and supply chain stresses. When automotive customers (including their Tier 1 suppliers) and suppliers experience significant plant shutdowns, work stoppages, strikes, part shortages, etc., it disrupts our shipments to these customers, which adversely affects our business, financial condition, and/or results of operations. Automakers continue to experience volatility and uncertainty in executing planned new programs on time, due in part to continued vehicle complexity increases and supply chain constraints.  This brings increased risk of delays or cancellations of new vehicle platforms, package configurations, and inaccurate volume forecasts. This makes it challenging for us to forecast future sales and manage costs, inventory, capital, engineering, research and development, and human resource investments, in addition to the aforementioned factors.  
Key Customers.
 We have a number of large customers, including three automotive customers which each account for 10% or more of our annual net sales in 2024 (including direct sales to OEM customers and sales through their Tier 1 suppliers): Toyota Motor Company, Volkswagen Group, and General Motors. The loss of all or a substantial portion of the sales to, or decreases in production by, any of these customers (or certain other significant customers) would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and/or results of operations. 
Pricing Pressures.
 We continue to experience ongoing pricing pressures from our automotive customers and competitors, which have affected, and which will continue to affect our profit margins to the extent that we are unable to offset the pricing pressures with price adjustments, engineering and purchasing cost reductions, productivity improvements, increases in unit shipments of mirrors and electronics with advanced features, and/or new or advanced technologies, each of which pose ongoing challenges, which continue to adversely impact our business, financial condition, and/or results of operations.
Raw Materials and Other Product Component Costs.

Increasing costs in raw materials, energy, commodities, labor, and other product component costs continue to adversely affect our business, financial condition and/or results of operations. These costs have generally increased as a result of supply chain disruptions, constrained labor availability, global economic factors, as well as inflationary impacts. When these prices rise and we are unable to recover such cost increases from our customers, those increases have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and/or results of operations.
Business Combinations.

Acquisitions of businesses, technologies, and assets are playing a role in our future growth. We cannot be certain that we will be able to identify attractive acquisition targets, have resources available for or obtain financing for acquisitions on satisfactory terms, successfully acquire identified targets, or manage timing of acquisitions with our businesses. Additionally, we are not always successful in integrating acquired businesses into our existing operations, achieving projected synergies, and/or maximizing the value of acquired technologies and businesses. Competition for acquisition opportunities in the various industries in which we operate already exists and may increase, thereby increasing our costs of making acquisitions or causing us to refrain from making further acquisitions. We are also subject to applicable antitrust laws and must avoid anticompetitive behavior. These and other acquisition-related factors negatively and adversely impact our business, financial condition, and/or results of operations.
Tariffs.
  The geopolitical environment between the Unites States and other jurisdictions, most significantly China, continues to cause uncertainty, especially in light of recently imposed tariffs, tariffs threatened to be imposed, and those already existing. Previously enacted tariffs have increased the Company's input costs and challenge the Company's competitive position in foreign markets. The continuance of these tariffs and/or escalation of disputes in the geopolitical environment interferes with automotive supply chains and have a continued negative impact on the Company’s business, financial condition, and/or results of operations, especially since the Company primarily manufactures and ships from one location. We cannot predict what further action may be taken with respect to tariffs or trade relations between the U.S. and other governments, and any further changes in U.S. or international trade policy could have a further adverse impact on our business. 
Technology Investments.
  We have invested in certain companies and projects that we do not have full control over operations, management, or decision-making, which are accounted for under the measurement alternative method of accounting or equity method of accounting. For investments accounted for under the equity method of accounting, we rely on the investment partner for the reporting of the financial results of the investment, and to the extent that the financial reporting of the investments is incorrect, our financial results reported using that information may be incorrect. These investments are subject to risks related to the businesses in which we invest, which may be different than the risks inherent in our own business. These investments could become impaired or have realized 
12
or unrealized losses in future periods, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
Competition.

We recognize that Magna Mirrors, our main competitor, has considerably more resources available to it, and presents a formidable competitive threat. Additionally, other companies have demonstrated products that are competitive to our FDM
®
 system and other products.  We acknowledge that dimming device (e.g., electrochromic) technology is the subject of research and development efforts by numerous third parties. 
In July 2016, a revision to UN-ECE Regulation 46 was published with an effective date of June 18, 2016, which allows for camera monitor systems to replace mirrors within Japan and European countries. Since January 2017, camera monitoring systems are also permitted as an alternative to replace mirrors in the Korean market.  In 2023, China released and made effective an updated version of its GB15084, which allows for camera monitoring systems, frameless mirrors and aspheric (free-form) glass surfaces.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company continues to believe rearview mirrors provide a robust, simple and cost effective means to view the surrounding areas of a vehicle and remain the primary safety function for rear vision today.  Cameras, when used as the primary rear vision delivery mechanism, have some inherent limitations such as: electrical failure; cameras being blocked or obstructed; depth perception challenges; and viewing angle of the camera.  Nonetheless, the Company continues designing and manufacturing not only rearview mirrors, but CMOS imagers and video displays as well.  The Company believes that combining video displays with mirrors provides a more robust product by addressing all driving conditions in a single solution that can be controlled by the driver.  The Company has been in production with the Company's FDM
® 
since 2015 and has, in the ordinary course of business, been awarded programs with sixteen (16) OEM customers. The Company is currently shipping production FDM
®
 to all sixteen of these customers. The Company's CMS solution uses three cameras to provide a comprehensive view of the sides and rear of the vehicle while still providing the traditional safety of interior and exterior mirrors, that still function when cameras are obstructed, or not functioning. The Company has previously announced that the Company continues to develop in the areas of imager performance, camera dynamic range, lens design, image processing from the camera to the display, and camera lens cleaning. The Company acknowledges that as such technology evolves over time, such as cameras replacing mirrors and/or autonomous driving, there will be increased competition.
Supply Chain Disruptions.
 As a result of just-in-time supply chains within our business and the automotive industry, disruptions in our supply chain have occurred, are occurring, and may continue to occur due to the industry-wide parts shortages, labor shortages, and other global supply chain constraints. We have and continue to take a number of steps to mitigate the current supply chain challenges, which include strategies involving the additional procurement of available raw materials to prepare for assembling finished goods more quickly when supply constraints ease for certain common components. These inventory strategies further introduce obsolescence risk that impacts our business, financial conditions, and/or results of operations. As our customers' forecasted demand changes, inventory becomes obsolete and write-offs or write-downs of our inventory are exacerbated. Disruptions can also occur due to natural disasters, pandemics, work stoppages, strikes, bankruptcy, etc. Such circumstances have disrupted, are disrupting, and will continue to disrupt our shipments to automakers and Tier 1 customers, which adversely affects our business, financial condition, and/or results of operations.
Workforce Disruptions.

We have experienced, and may continue to experience in the future, disruptions to our workforce as a result of a tight labor market, employee illness, quarantines, and absenteeism. The impacts of continued disruptions to our workforce have affected, are affecting, and are expected to continue to affect our business, financial condition, and/or results of operations. 
Product Mix.
 We sell products that have varying profit margins. Our financial performance has been impacted by the mix of products we sell and to which customers, during a given period. The automotive industry is subject to rapid technological change, vigorous competition, short product life cycles and cyclical, ever-changing consumer demand patterns. When our customers are adversely affected by these factors, we are similarly affected to the extent that our customers reduce the volume of orders for our products or certain of our products.  As a result of such changes and circumstances impacting our customers, our sales mix shifts, which has either favorable or unfavorable impact on revenue and would include shifts in regional growth, in OEM sales demand, as well as in consumer demand related to vehicle segment purchases, and content penetration. A decrease in consumer demand for specific types of vehicles where we have traditionally provided higher value content has a significant effect on our business, financial condition, and/or results of operations. Our forward guidance and estimates assume a certain geographic sales mix as well as a product sales mix. When actual results vary from this projected geographic and product mix of sales, our business, financial condition, and/or results of operations are impacted.  
13
Intellectual Property.
 We believe that our patents and trade secrets provide us with a competitive advantage in automotive rearview mirrors, variable dimmable devices, certain electronics, and fire protection technologies, although no single patent is necessarily required for the success of our products. The loss of any significant combination of patents and trade secrets regarding our products could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and/or results of operations. Lack of intellectual property protection in a number of countries, including China, represents a current and ongoing risk for the Company. 
New Technology and Product Development.
 We continue to invest significantly in engineering, research and development projects. When any such efforts ultimately prove to be less successful than anticipated, our business, financial condition, and/or results of operations are adversely affected.
Intellectual Property Litigation and Infringement Claims.
 A successful claim of patent or other intellectual property infringement and damages against us could affect business, financial condition, and/or results of operations.  If a person or company claims that our products infringed their intellectual property rights, any resulting litigation would be costly, time consuming, and would divert the attention of management and key personnel from other business issues. The complexity of the technology involved in our business and the uncertainty of intellectual property litigation significantly increases these risks and makes such risk part of our ongoing business. To that end, we periodically obtain intellectual property rights, in the ordinary course of business, to strengthen our intellectual property portfolio and minimize potential risks of infringement.  The increasing tendency of patents granted to others on combinations of known technology is a potential threat to our Company.  Any of these adverse consequences could potentially have an effect on our business, financial condition and/or results of operations.
Credit Risk.
 Certain automakers and Tier 1 customers from time to time may consider the sale of certain business segments or bankruptcy or other changes as a result of financial stress.  Should one or more of our larger customers (including sales through their Tier 1 suppliers) declare bankruptcy or sell their business, it could adversely affect the collection of receivables, our business, financial condition, and/or results of operations. The current economic environment continues to cause increased financial pressures and production stresses on our customers, which could impact the timeliness of customer payments and ultimately the collectability of receivables. 
Our allowance for doubtful accounts primarily relates to financially distressed automotive mirror and electronics customers.  We continue to work with these financially distressed customers in collecting past due balances.  Refer to 
Note 1
 of the 
Consolidated Financial Statements
. 
Business Disruptions.
 Manufacturing of our proprietary products employing electro-optic technology is performed primarily at our manufacturing facilities in Zeeland and Holland, Michigan. One of our manufacturing facilities is located in Holland, Michigan, which is approximately three miles from our other primary manufacturing facilities in Zeeland, Michigan. Should a catastrophic event occur, our ability to manufacture product, complete existing orders and provide other services could be severely impacted for an undetermined period of time. We have purchased business interruption insurance to address some of these risks. Our inability to conduct normal business operations for a period of time may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and/or results of operations.
IT Infrastructure and Cybersecurity
.
 Any failure of our information technology ("IT") infrastructure adversely impacts our business, financial condition, and/or results of operations. We rely upon the capacity, reliability and security of our information technology infrastructure and our ability to expand and continually update this infrastructure in response to the changing needs of our business. For example, we have implemented enterprise resource planning and other IT systems in certain aspects of our business over a period of several years and continue to update and further implement new systems going forward. Like many systems, these systems may not always perform as expected. We also face the challenge of supporting our older systems and implementing necessary upgrades. When we experience a problem with the functioning of an important IT system or a security breach of our IT systems, the resulting disruptions have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and/or results of operations.  
We face certain security threats, including threats to the confidentiality, availability and integrity of our data and systems. We maintain an extensive network of technical security controls, policy enforcement mechanisms, monitoring systems and management, Board, and Board committee oversight in order to address these threats. While these measures are designed to prevent, detect and respond to unauthorized activity in, or otherwise compromise of, our systems, certain types of attacks, including cyber-attacks, could result in significant financial or information losses and/or reputational harm.  We, and certain of our third-party vendors, receive and store personal information in connection with our human resources operations and other aspects of our business. Despite our implementation of security measures, our IT systems, like all IT systems, are vulnerable to damages from computer 
14
viruses, natural disasters, unauthorized access, cyber-attack and other similar disruptions. Any such system failure, accident or security breach results in disruptions to our operations. A material network breach in the security of our IT systems could include the theft of our intellectual property, trade secrets or customer information. To the extent that any disruptions or security breach results in a loss or damage to our data, or an inappropriate disclosure of confidential or customer information, it could cause significant damage to our reputation, affect our relationships with our customers, lead to claims against the Company and ultimately harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and/or results of operations. In addition, we incur significant costs to protect against damage caused by these disruptions or security breaches.
Government Regulations.

 The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act contains provisions to improve transparency and accountability concerning the supply of certain minerals, known as conflict minerals, originating from the Democratic Republic of Congo ("DRC") and adjoining countries.  As a result, in 2012 the SEC adopted annual disclosure and reporting requirements for those companies who use conflict minerals mined from the DRC and adjoining countries in their products. These requirements necessitate due diligence efforts, and the Company has disclosed its findings annually to the SEC on Form SD around May 30 each year since 2012. As there are only a limited number of suppliers offering "conflict free" minerals necessary for our products, the Company cannot always be absolutely certain that we will be able to obtain necessary conflict minerals from such suppliers in sufficient quantities or at competitive prices. Also, the Company may face reputational challenges if we determine that certain of our products contain minerals not determined to be conflict free or if the Company is unable to sufficiently verify the origins for all conflict minerals used in the Company's products through the procedures the Company has implemented.
Antitakeover Provisions.
 Our articles of incorporation, bylaws, and the laws of the state of Michigan include provisions that may provide our Board with adequate time to consider whether a hostile takeover offer is in our best interest and the best interests of our shareholders. These provisions, however, could discourage potential acquisition proposals and could delay or prevent a change in control.
Fluctuations in Market Price.
 The market price for our common stock has fluctuated, ranging from a low closing price of $28.30 to a high closing price of $37.58 during calendar year 2024. The overall market and the price of our common stock may continue to fluctuate. There may be a significant impact on the market price for our common stock relating to the issues discussed above or due to any of the following:
•
Variations in our anticipated or actual operating results or the results of our competitors;
•
Changes in investors’ or analysts’ perceptions of the risks and conditions of our business and in particular our primary industry;
•
Intellectual property litigation and infringement claims or other litigation;
•
The size of the public float of our common stock;
•
Market conditions, including the industry in which we operate; and
•
General macroeconomic conditions.
General Risk Factors
Income Taxes.
 The Company is subject to income taxes in the U.S. and other foreign jurisdictions. Changes in tax rates, adoption of new tax laws or other additional tax policies, the expiration of existing tax benefits, and other proposals to reform United States and foreign tax laws could adversely affect the Company's operating results, cash flows, and financial condition. The Company’s domestic and international tax liabilities are dependent upon the location of earnings among these different jurisdictions. 
Employees.

Our business success depends on attracting and retaining qualified personnel. Throughout our Company, our ability to sustain and grow our business requires us to hire, retain and develop a highly skilled and diverse management team and workforce. Failure to ensure that we have the leadership capacity with the necessary skill sets and experience and a skilled workforce could impede our ability to deliver our growth objectives and execute our strategic plan. Organizational and reporting changes within management could result in, and low unemployment has contributed to, increased turnover. Turnover, inability to attract and retain key employees, including managers, or government mandated remote work have had, and may continue to have a negative effect on our business, financial condition and/or results of operations.
15
International Operations.
  We currently conduct operations in various countries and jurisdictions, including purchasing raw materials and other supplies from many different countries around the world, which subjects us to the legal, political, regulatory and social requirements as well as various economic conditions in these jurisdictions. Some of these countries are considered growth markets. International sales and operations, especially in growth markets, subject us to certain risks inherent in doing business abroad, including:
•
Exposure to local economic, political and labor conditions;
•     Unexpected changes in laws, regulations, trade or monetary or fiscal policy, including interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates and changes in the rate of inflation in the U.S. and other foreign countries;
•    Tariffs (as discussed herein), quotas, customs and other import or export restrictions and other trade barriers;
•
Natural disasters, political crises, and public health crises (e.g. pandemics), which have caused, are causing, and will likely continue to cause downtime and closures at both supplier and customer facilities; 
•
Expropriation and nationalization;
•    Difficulty of enforcing agreements, collecting receivables and protecting assets through non-U.S. legal systems;
•     Reduced intellectual property protection;
•
Withholding and other taxes on remittances and other payments by subsidiaries;
•    Investment restrictions or requirements;
•     Export and import restrictions;
•     Violence and civil unrest in local countries;
•    Compliance with the requirements of an increasing body of applicable anti-bribery laws, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act and similar laws of various other countries; and
•
Exposure related to buying, selling and financing in currencies other than the local currencies of the countries in which we operate.
Other.
 Other issues and uncertainties which could adversely impact our business, financial condition, and/or results of operations include:
•
Rising commodity prices and inflation generally, where we are unable to recover such increases from customers;
•
Increasing interest rates impact our financial performance due to an increase in realized losses on the sale of fixed income investments and/or recognized losses due to a corresponding impairment adjustment on investment securities and can impact customer demand as well;
•
General economic conditions continue to be of concern in many of the regions in which we do business, given that our primary industry is greatly impacted by overall general economic conditions. Any continued adverse worldwide economic conditions, currency exchange rates, trade war, war or significant terrorist acts, could each affect worldwide automotive sales and production levels, thereby impacting the Company;
•
Climate change
•
Public health crises (e.g. pandemics) that can result in part shortages, labor shortages, or other impacts to the supply chain or customers;
•
Manufacturing yield issues; and
•
Obligations and costs associated with addressing quality issues or warranty claims.
Item 1B.    Unresolved Staff Comments.
None
16
Item 1C.    Cybersecurity.
Risk Management and Strategy
The Company has implemented and maintains multiple layers of physical, administrative and technical security processes designed to protect our manufacturing facilities from disruptions that may result from cybersecurity incidents, as well as to safeguard the confidentiality of our critical systems, and data residing on those systems, including employee data, customer data, and intellectual property. 
Our risk assessment and management of material risks from cybersecurity threats is integrated into our overall enterprise risk management process, as well as our information systems processes.
 Our strategy includes regular formal risk assessments, dynamic risk and threat analysis, utilization of security tools, regular cybersecurity-related tabletop and phishing exercises designed to simulate cybersecurity incidents, and frequent security awareness and technical security trainings. We conduct periodic internal and third-party assessments to evaluate our cybersecurity posture and test and assess our incident response program, incident roles and responsibilities, material impact evaluation, and decision-making processes in the event of a cybersecurity incident. We use our risk and security assessments to enhance our information security capabilities.

Depending on the environment, we implement and maintain various technical, physical, and organizational measures, processes, standards and policies designed to manage and mitigate material risks from cybersecurity threats to our information systems and data, including an incident response policy, plan, procedures and scenario-based playbooks, an incident detection and response program, a vulnerability management program, disaster recovery and business continuity plans, risk assessment processes, security standards, network security controls, access controls, systems monitoring, employee awareness training, and cybersecurity insurance. The Company has obtained Trusted Information Security Assessment Exchange (TISAX) certification labels within the United States, Germany, and China.  The Company is also continues working on its ISO 27001 certification. 
Our internal information security team oversees and works collaboratively with various information security service providers.

Our cybersecurity program incorporates external guidance and expertise through the use of third-party service providers to assist in the identification, assessment and management of risks specific to cybersecurity threats, including vendors providing threat intelligence, risk mitigation, dark web monitoring, external scanning and scoring, threat and reputation monitoring, forensics, cyber-insurance, advisory services, and legal counsel.

We have an incident response plan that includes scenario-based playbooks for managing cybersecurity incidents and associated crisis communication procedures designed to facilitate coordination across the Company and with our partners, customers, the public and others.
For the year ended December 31, 2024, there have been no risks from cybersecurity threats that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our business strategy, results of operations or financial condition.
 For a description of risks related to our information technology systems, including cybersecurity threats, see 
Item 1A, "Risk Factors."
Governance
Our Board addresses cybersecurity risk management as part of its general oversight function. 
The Audit Committee of the Board (the "Audit Committee") is responsible for overseeing our cybersecurity risk management processes, including our assessment and mitigation of material risks from cybersecurity threats.

The Audit Committee receives regular reports, summaries or presentations related to cybersecurity threats, risk, mitigation and related processes from our information technology and cybersecurity experts. In addition, on at least an annual basis, the Board receives reports, summaries or presentations related to cybersecurity threats, risk, mitigation and related processes.
Our cybersecurity risk assessment and management processes are implemented and maintained by our 
Vice President of Information Technology and Information Security Officer ("VP of IT")
, who is supported by other members of management, as necessary.
 Our VP of IT is responsible for approving budgets, cybersecurity incident preparedness, approving cybersecurity processes, reviewing security assessments and other security-related reports, and providing the Chief Financial Officer ("CFO") with regular updates on cybersecurity-related matters. The Company also has an IT Executive Steering Committee comprised of the VP of IT, CFO, General Counsel, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Technology Officer and Vice President of Operations. The VP of IT provides regular cybersecurity updates to the Audit Committee.  
The Company's VP of IT has served in this role for three years and has more than 25 years of relevant experience.
 In addition, we have an information security team comprised of 
17
dozens of employees dedicated to cybersecurity with extensive experience and relevant certifications. The VP of IT is responsible for hiring appropriate personnel, assisting with the integration of cybersecurity risk considerations into our overall risk management strategy, communicating key priorities to relevant personnel, and mitigating and remediating in the event of a cybersecurity incident.

Our cybersecurity incident response and vulnerability management programs are designed to escalate certain cybersecurity incidents to various levels of management depending on the circumstances, including our VP of IT, General Counsel, CFO and/or Chief Executive Officer. Management works with our incident response team to help mitigate and remediate certain escalated cybersecurity incidents. In addition, our incident response and vulnerability management programs include reporting certain cybersecurity incidents to the 
Audit Committee and, in certain circumstances, to the Board
.