Item 3. Legal Proceedings
 for a discussion of certain litigation matters to which we are a party. 
Negotiated rulemaking
.

ED periodically issues new regulations and guidance that can have an adverse effect on our partner institutions.  ED has changed its regulations, and may make other changes in the future, in a manner which could require us to incur additional costs in connection with providing the services that we provide our university partners affect their ability to remain eligible to participate in the Title IV programs, impose restrictions on their participation in the Title IV programs, affect the rate at which students enroll in our partners’ programs, or otherwise have a significant impact on our business and results of operations.  We cannot predict with certainty the ultimate combined impact of the regulatory changes which have occurred in recent years, nor can we predict the effect of future legislative or regulatory action by federal, state or other agencies regulating our operations or those of our university partners, how any resulting regulations will be interpreted or whether we and our university partner institutions will be able to comply with these requirements in the future. Any such actions by legislative or regulatory bodies that affect our operations or those of our university partners could have a material adverse effect on our business and that of university partner institutions.
Regulatory Standards that May Restrict Institutional Expansion or Other Changes
Many actions that our university partners may wish to take in connection with expanding their operations or other changes are subject to review or approval by the applicable regulatory agencies. For example, requirements and standards of state post-secondary agencies, accrediting commissions, and ED limit an institution’s ability in certain instances to establish additional teaching locations, implement new educational programs, or increase enrollment in certain programs. Many states require review and approval before institutions can add new locations or programs, and many states limit the number of pre-licensure professional students (such as nursing) colleges may enroll. Similarly, accrediting agencies (institutional and programmatic) generally require institutions to notify them in advance of adding new locations or implementing new programs, and upon notification may undertake a review of the quality of the facility or the program and the financial, academic, and other qualifications of the institution.
With respect to ED, if an institution participating in the Title IV programs plans to add a new location or educational program, the institution must generally apply to ED to have the additional location or educational program designated as within the scope of the institution’s Title IV eligibility. Institutions that are fully certified to participate in the Title IV programs are not required to obtain ED’s approval of additional programs that lead to a bachelor’s, professional, or graduate degree at the same degree level as programs previously approved by ED.  GCU, because it is currently certified to participate in the Title IV programs on a provisional basis, is required to obtain ED approval for new programs, which requirement could impede GCU’s ability to introduce new programs and slow its growth.
25

Table of Contents