Item 2.          
Properties
GCE owns a four story 325,000 square foot administrative building, which includes office space for approximately 2,700 employees, and a parking garage in close proximity to GCU’s ground campus. We constructed this space in 2016 and every aspect of the design was intended to maximize energy efficiency and minimize environmental impact.  Lighting load and related electricity usage is a major environmental drain for most office buildings, and this is especially true in Arizona.  GCE’s office building is orientated with north/south exposure in order to minimize direct sun, and exterior courtyards were arranged to ensure summer shade thus creating outdoor areas that can be used throughout the year.  The design also utilized significant window glazing to allow for daylighting thus reducing the need for supplemental electrical lighting.  As a result, the building is designed to use just .41 watts per square foot of electrical energy for lighting, which is half of what a typical environmentally efficient building uses.  Water usage is another environmental factor for office space that is magnified by the Arizona weather.  GCE’s office building utilizes a rooftop rainwater collection system for irrigating the landscaping below, which reduces water consumption.  Additional environment-friendly design features include low VOC paints, use of recycled building materials, interior and exterior LED light bulbs, and implementation of an energy-efficient VRF mechanical system.  Overall, GCE’s office building is 60% more energy efficient than a standard office building.
In addition to its owned facilities, GCE leases 39 off-campus classroom and laboratory sites for use in serving its university partners, four office locations in California, and office space in Indianapolis, Indiana. GCE has commitments to add more off-campus classroom and laboratory sites as of December 31, 2024 that have not yet commenced and plans to add additional off-campus classroom and laboratory sites in Arizona and in other states in the 
45

Table of Contents
U.S. to accommodate our growth plans in 2025 and beyond.  GCE works to maximize energy efficiency and minimize environmental impact in operating its leased facilities just as it does with its owned properties.