Item 3. Legal Proceedings.
From time to time, we may become involved in legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of our business. Our management believes that there are no claims or actions pending against us, the ultimate disposition of which would have a material impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
Not applicable. 
32    
Table of Contents
PART II
Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.  
Market Information and Holders
Our common stock has been listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol “ALKT” since April 15, 2021. Prior to that date, there was no public trading market for our common stock. Our initial public offering (“IPO”) was priced at $30.00 per share on April 15, 2021. 
As of December 31, 2024, we had 16 holders of record of our common stock. The actual number of stockholders is greater than this number of record holders, and includes stockholders who are beneficial owners, but whose shares are held in street name by brokers and other nominees. This number of holders of record also does not include stockholders whose shares may be held in trust by other entities.
Dividend Policy
We have never declared nor paid any cash dividends on our common stock. Any future determination to declare cash dividends on our common stock will be made at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, general business conditions and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant. We do not anticipate paying cash dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future.
Use of Proceeds from Registered Securities
On April 15, 2021, we completed our IPO, in which we issued and sold 6,900,000 shares of our common stock, including 900,000 shares of common stock that were sold pursuant to the exercise in full of the underwriters’ option to purchase additional shares of common stock at $30.00 per share. The offering terminated after the sale of all securities registered pursuant to the IPO Registration Statement. Our IPO resulted in net proceeds of $192.8 million after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and other offering costs. With the proceeds from our IPO, the Company paid in full accumulated dividends on our previously outstanding shares of Series B redeemable convertible preferred stock, which totaled approximately $5.0 million. The remainder of the net proceeds were used for general corporate purposes, including working capital and operating expenses. As of December 31, 2024, we had used all of the net proceeds from our IPO. 
Performance Graph
This performance graph shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or incorporated by reference into any Company filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.
The graph set forth below compares the cumulative total stockholder return on our common stock between April 14, 2021 (the date of our IPO) and December 31, 2024, with the cumulative total return of the S&P 1500 Application Software Index (“SP1500 ASI”) and the Russell 2000 Index (“RUT”). This graph assumes the investment of $100 at the closing stock price on April 14, 2021 in our common stock and the S&P 1500 Application Software Index and Russell 2000 Index, and assumes the reinvestment of dividends, if any. Note that historic stock price performance is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance.
33
Table of Contents
Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
We did not repurchase any of our equity securities during the three months ended December 31, 2024. 
Item 6. [Reserved]
34    
Table of Contents