Item 1. Business.
Mission
Our mission is to power life’s progress, one move at a time. 
Our Company
We are the largest digital platform for residential real estate transactions. In 2014, we founded Opendoor to reinvent one of life’s most important transactions and make it possible to buy, sell, and move at the tap of a button. By leveraging software, data science, product design and operations, we are building a technology platform for residential real estate that offers buyers and sellers a digital, on-demand experience that we believe will be the future of how people buy or sell a home. 
Residential real estate is the largest consumer category in the United States. In 2024 alone, more than four million existing homes were sold, representing approximately $1.7 trillion in transactions. Additionally, with approximately two-thirds of Americans living in a home they own, housing is the single largest consumer expenditure in the United States, ahead of transportation, food, insurance, and healthcare.
Yet, in a world where purchases are increasingly migrating online, the real estate transaction has largely remained unchanged. The typical process of buying or selling a home is complex, uncertain, time consuming, and primarily offline. A traditional home sale requires countless decisions and an average of six intermediaries, often brings unexpected costs, and takes approximately three months from start to finish. Ultimately, the consumer is left dissatisfied with a broken, disjointed experience.
Opendoor transforms the home selling and buying process into a simple and certain online experience. Since launch, customers have demonstrated their desire for our digital, on-demand real estate solution with over 274,000 homes bought and sold by Opendoor across the United States. In 2024, we sold over 13,500 homes and generated $5.2 billion in revenue while continuing to delight customers, maintaining an average Net Promoter Score of nearly 80 from our sellers since 2021.
Since our initial market launch in Phoenix in 2014, we have expanded across the United States and operated in 50 markets as of December 31, 2024: Albuquerque, Atlanta, Austin, Birmingham, Boston, Charleston, Charlotte, Chattanooga, Cincinnati, Cleveland, Colorado Springs, Columbia, Columbus, Corpus Christi, Dallas-Fort Worth, Denver, Detroit, Greensboro-Winston, Greenville, Houston, Indianapolis, Jacksonville, Kansas City, Killeen, Knoxville-Morristown, Las Vegas, Los Angeles, Miami, Minneapolis-St. Paul, Nashville, New York-New Jersey, Northern Colorado, Oklahoma City, Orlando, Phoenix, Portland, Prescott, Raleigh-Durham, Richmond, Riverside, Sacramento, Saint Louis, Salt Lake City, San Antonio, San Diego, San-Francisco-Bay Area, Southwest Florida, Tampa, Tucson, and Washington, DC.
We believe we are still in the early stages of the digital transformation of real estate. We are dedicated to building a digital, one-stop shop for buyers and sellers of residential real estate, where more consumers will be able to transact directly with simplicity, certainty and control over the entire process. 
Market Overview
Residential real estate is a massive offline market.
 Of the $1.7 trillion residential real estate transactions in 2024, iBuyers (companies that use technology to price homes, acquire properties, and facilitate real estate transactions) captured less than 1%. 
The current landscape is highly fragmented.
 Today, nearly 90% of residential real estate transactions in the United States involve an agent. There are approximately two million licensed real estate agents in the United States, who each complete approximately five transactions on average per year, and many of whom do not solely work in real estate. Without appropriate support, this can lead to an inconsistent experience for consumers looking for guidance in what is typically the largest financial decision of their lives.
Real estate is migrating online.
 Consumers are shifting their spend online and demanding digital-first experiences for greater efficiency, certainty, and speed. They are increasingly comfortable transacting online across retail, food and transportation, and they now expect similar experiences in real estate. While the majority of home buyers browse for homes online, the transaction itself is still largely offline, making it difficult for consumers to access homes and requiring in-person 
4
TABLE OF CONTENTS

OPENDOOR TECHNOLOGIES INC.
closings. The COVID-19 pandemic catalyzed an increase in demand for digital-first experiences with consumers prioritizing simplicity and certainty.
The Problem
The traditional process of selling or buying a home is a lengthy and stressful experience for both the seller and buyer. For nearly 90% of United States sellers that list their home on the market using an agent, this is what their experience typically looks like:
•
Find a listing agent.
 Before the seller can list, they must find a qualified agent. Approximately 80% of sellers contact only one real estate agent before listing.
•
Prepare the home for listing. 
The seller often needs to get the home “sale ready.” This preparation, including cleaning, staging and any necessary upgrades, typically involves a lot of guesswork, time, and money.
•
List the home. 
A home typically needs to be listed for over 40 days on average before it goes into contract.
•
Host open houses and home visits
. During the process, the seller will typically host dozens of strangers walking through their home, and deal with the hassle of cleaning up and clearing out, often on short notice and during inconvenient times.
•
Receive an offer. 
Over 30% of home sellers reduce their asking price at least once, while over 20% of sellers offer incentives to attract buyers. Once an offer is received, the seller has to negotiate the offer, negotiate the closing date, and deal with any contingencies the buyer may have.
•
Negotiate repairs or fix issues identified by buyers.
 After the offer is accepted, the buyer typically conducts an inspection, which often forces the seller to renegotiate the offer or fix issues, increasing the homeowner’s costs and potentially delaying closing.
•
Wait for closing.
 Once the contract is signed, it still takes almost 40 days on average to close. The seller is reliant on the home buyer and a disparate set of counterparties — such as their agent, mortgage broker and escrow officer — to coordinate and complete the closing process.
•
Fall-through risk.
 Finally, there is over a 20% chance the contract falls through between signing and closing (based on average multiple listing services (“MLS”) contract fall-through rates in our markets in 2024), forcing the home seller to start the entire process all over again.
Additionally, we estimate over one-half of home sellers are also home buyers. These customers face an additional set of challenges to line up their home purchase with their sale:
•
Contingencies.
 Many Americans are reluctant to sell or cannot purchase their next home until they know with certainty what they can afford. Few Americans can qualify for two mortgages and few have enough money for two down payments. These buyers often have to submit offers contingent on selling their current home, putting them at a disadvantage versus other buyers.
•
The “double move.”
 Alternatively, homeowners can sell their current home, move into a rental or hotel, and then buy a new home, forcing them to move twice and bear those costs.
Our Solution
Opendoor is an end-to-end real estate platform enabling customers to sell and buy a home online. We offer a number of products to customers in order to facilitate the transaction that best suits their specific needs. All of our products leverage our centralized operations and platform capabilities, enabling sellers and buyers to experience a simple and certain transaction that dramatically improves the traditional process. Today, our product offerings include:
•
Sell to Opendoor.
 Launched in 2014, sellers utilize our core product offering to sell their home directly to us and we resell the home to a home buyer. By selling to Opendoor, homeowners can avoid the stress of open houses, preparing the home for market, overlapping mortgages, and the uncertainty that can come with listing a home on the open market. Using our website or mobile app, sellers can receive an estimated offer online. We then conduct a home assessment to verify the home information and finalize the offer, taking into consideration the home’s condition. Sellers can then select their preferred closing date and close electronically (where permitted).
5
TABLE OF CONTENTS

OPENDOOR TECHNOLOGIES INC.
For customers who sell directly to us, we charge a service fee. Our final purchase price also reflects expected repairs and home quality improvements that relate to our assessment of home condition and the expectations of buyers in the market. Our offering compares favorably to the traditional listing process, which can include a broker fee and a number of additional costs, such as resale concessions, inspection costs, staging costs, mortgage payments on two homes, and additional moving and storage costs. Many of these expenses may be unforeseen by the homeowner at the outset. Our final offer, inclusive of purchase price, service fee, and condition pricing adjustment, provides the homeowner with more certainty and transparency as to their expected sale proceeds, while removing the hassle of doing any repairs and other work to get the home “sale ready.”
•
List with Opendoor. 
Customers can choose to list their home on the MLS with a partner agent while also receiving the certainty of our cash offer, which is valid for a limited time period while the seller tests the market. By choosing this product, sellers work with one of our partner agents to list their home through the open MLS market. If the seller sells their home through the MLS, Opendoor receives a referral fee from the partner agent. If the seller does not receive the offer they are looking for on the market, they can choose to accept our cash offer and Opendoor charges its same service fee. Our listing product is currently available in nearly all Opendoor markets.
•
Opendoor Marketplace. 
Launched in 2022, our capital-light marketplace offering connects home sellers with both institutional and retail buyers, facilitating transactions without Opendoor taking ownership of the home. For home buyers, we are building an e-commerce-like experience that focuses on unique selection and a streamlined process. For home sellers, we are focused on providing options: in addition to receiving an Opendoor offer, sellers can also look for a higher offer from our network of buyers. For sellers who successfully sell their home via our marketplace, we charge a listing fee. There is no need for making repairs on spec and no upfront commitment. We are giving home sellers control and flexibility, including over showings and selling timelines. We have launched our marketplace offering in three markets: Dallas-Fort Worth (launched in 2022), and Charlotte and Raleigh-Durham (launched in late 2024), and we continue to iterate on the product experience. When we are ready to scale, we believe we are well positioned to expand the product across our existing markets given our ability to leverage our existing core product infrastructure.
In addition to these products, we also offer customers integrated title insurance and escrow services through our subsidiaries. Currently, we offer title insurance services in a majority of our markets and on both the acquisition and resale side of the transaction. In the markets where our title services are offered, we provided these services for over 80% of Opendoor home transactions that closed in 2024. Our title and escrow companies charge buyers and/or sellers fees related to settlement and escrow services. Additionally, as agents for national title insurance underwriters, they charge title insurance premiums, which may be based on promulgated rates or rates filed by national title insurance companies. The fees charged by our title and escrow companies vary by market.
Our Business Model
The vast majority of our revenue today is generated by our core product offering, where we acquire homes directly from sellers and resell those homes to buyers. We also provide additional services to home sellers and home buyers, including title and escrow services, List with Opendoor, and Opendoor Marketplace. 
To achieve our long-term margin objectives, we plan to continue to make competitive offers that customers choose, provide value-added adjacent services for our customers to increasingly adopt, and offer products that meet our customers where they are on their selling and buying journeys. At scale, we believe our List with Opendoor and Opendoor Marketplace offerings have the potential to reduce our inventory exposure, capital intensity, and macro risk. Additionally, we plan to achieve operating leverage by growing our revenue at a faster pace than our fixed cost base, which includes general and administrative as well as technology and development expenses. We plan to continue to invest in our business and appropriately balance trade-offs between growth, margin, and risk as we scale.
Offers
We generate demand for our products and services through organic awareness and word-of-mouth, paid media spend, and partnership channels such as our relationships with homebuilders, real estate agents, and online real estate portals. Home sellers can visit our website or mobile app and answer a few questions about their home’s condition, features, and upgrades. For eligible homes, customers receive an estimated offer, which can be refreshed at any time through their personalized seller dashboard. As of December 31, 2024, all of our estimated offers are algorithmically generated and require minimal human intervention.
6
TABLE OF CONTENTS

OPENDOOR TECHNOLOGIES INC.
In order to finalize our offer, we conduct a combination of virtual and/or in-person home assessments to verify the condition of the home and determine what kind of repairs and home quality improvements may need to be performed after we acquire the home. We typically ask for a condition pricing adjustment that relates to our assessment of home condition and what it will require to get and maintain the home as “sale ready” based on the expectations of buyers in the market. We have developed purpose-built software to guide home assessment workflows and collect over 150 unique data points on average regarding a home’s condition and quality. In addition to informing the offer price for that particular home, we incorporate the proprietary data that we collect during home assessments as structured data into our underlying pricing models. After all the data has been collected and incorporated, each offer is reviewed and finalized by members of our pricing team, allowing us to marry the best of our algorithmic insights with human judgment.
We closely track the number of potential sellers who accept the Opendoor offer versus listing their home on the MLS. We define this as the “true seller” conversion rate, which is the percentage of unique leads who either accept an Opendoor offer or list their home on the MLS within 60 days of receiving an offer from us. We believe this is an important measure of the strength of our value proposition. In addition, we provide offers to homeowners who are not ready to transact at the time of the offer. We add these individuals to our expanding pool of prospective customers, and we re-engage with them over time for when they are ready to transact. Over 20% of sellers who listed or sold their homes have previously entered their home address on Opendoor.com across our active markets, which suggests that our registered user base is a powerful source of future sellers that we can use to drive our future growth. 
Home acquisition and repairs
Once a seller has received and accepted our final purchase offer, we enable the seller to close the transaction on a flexible timeline. This is a particularly important feature as the majority of sellers are also buyers, who are often looking to line up the timing of these two transactions to ensure they have their next home to move to before locking in the sale of their current home or to avoid double moves or mortgages. This feature further differentiates our service from a traditional sale. 
Following acquisition, we bear the subsequent risk of conducting repairs and home quality improvements on time and on budget. The scope of this work before resale is focused on ensuring the home is in “sale ready” condition. We engage third-party contractors within each market to conduct repairs, and continuously refine and adjust our repair and improvement strategies based on our operating experience in markets and reviewing neighborhood-level resale outcomes.
Home resale
After we prepare the home for market and list the home for resale, we market our homes across a wide variety of channels to generate buyer awareness and demand. These channels include the Opendoor website and mobile app, local MLS, and syndication across real estate portals. We also generate buyer awareness through Opendoor signage for listed properties. The majority of our sales are to individual consumers, with a minority sold to institutional investors. Efficiently turning our inventory, inclusive of preparing, listing, and reselling the home, is important to our financial performance, as we bear holding costs (including utilities, property taxes, maintenance and insurance) and financing costs during our ownership period.
As part of the listing and marketing process, we determine an appropriate resale strategy for each home. As the principal rather than the agent in the transaction, we are in a structurally advantageous position as seller, relying on data-driven decisions against a large, diversified portfolio of homes. Our proprietary pricing engine helps automate many of these steps, including relevant adjustments over time. We manage and measure our inventory performance by listing cohort and by market, and our pricing models can incorporate granular, relative demand signals to optimize pricing and sell-through across the portfolio. Our resale models, in conjunction with input from our pricing team, are designed to enable realized target margins while maintaining appropriate transaction velocity and inventory portfolio health.
When we receive an acceptable offer on a given home, we enter into a resale contract. Buyers will then typically conduct an inspection on the property, finalize their mortgage application process and ultimately take possession of the home upon closing of the transaction.
Industry-Leading Pricing Capabilities
Our ability to price homes competitively is fundamental to our business model. 
Since our inception, we have prioritized investment in our pricing capabilities across our home acquisition processes and our forecasting and resale systems. Our pricing function focuses on ensuring we are providing competitive offers to customers while managing acquisition volumes and resale policy decisions to meet our margin and risk management objectives.
7
TABLE OF CONTENTS

OPENDOOR TECHNOLOGIES INC.
To create our final home offers, we algorithmically produce both an estimated valuation and an assessment of our confidence level in that estimate, and we 
then further validate that estimate with a combination of virtual and in person assessments of the home, as well as additional review from our in-house pricing analysts, to finalize the offer. We dynamically adjust our offers to account for the level of certainty in pricing each home. This degree of certainty can be impacted by factors such as macro conditions, local market dynamics, the condition or attributes of a home, and the depth of home comparables. We recalibrate our view of pricing and where market values are trending using high-frequency detailed metrics across all aspects of our business, including inputs related to the dynamics of market demand and supply across markets, home types, and time periods. These factors are reflected in our spreads, which we define as total discount to our home valuation at the time of offer, less our 5% service fee. 
While the real estate industry generates a wealth of publicly sourceable data, much of this data lacks the quality and specificity essential to price individual homes. Since our inception, we have invested in our research and data science teams, modeling capabilities, and systematized tooling to gather, aggregate, correct, and synthesize an expanding catalog of proprietary, hyper-local data in order to enhance and automate pricing decisions. We have also acquired third-party data to improve our pricing models and forecast quality. Our proprietary models are informed by hundreds of data points that have been collected and synthesized in a structured way.
•
Proprietary offline data.
 We have conducted over 850,000 assessments during which we collect over 150 data points on average for each home and its surroundings using custom inspection and operator tooling to systematically source and translate home features into a robust data library. These proprietary data points have led us to make approximately 2.3 billion annotations and adjustments to MLS and tax assessor data, as well as build out unique geospatial data assets, such as power line and busy road proximity. We also use artificial intelligence (“AI”) to extract and automatically categorize data on the condition of homes from customer-provided inputs, such as chat conversations, images, and videos. Once we list a home for resale, we collect additional home-level demand data such as home visits and visitor feedback, which enable us to calibrate our resale strategy and acquisition home pricing.
•
Responsive feedback loop.
 Advancements in model sophistication and the integration of systematic modeling and human insights have accelerated our feedback loops, such that our pricing system can dynamically adjust and react to macro- and micro-economic conditions.
•
Pricing competitiveness.
 Our unique data works in concert with our pricing algorithms. These algorithms use machine learning to drive pricing decisions through modeling of observed home sale prices, demand forecasting, outlier detection, risk assessment, and inventory management. Over time, we have added new data inputs and refined model logic, the benefits of which compound with experience and scale.
Robust Risk Management Framework
Forecasting and managing our business to seasonal and macro market changes is important for our overall results and balance sheet health. As noted above, since our inception, we have prioritized investment in our pricing capabilities across our home acquisition processes and our forecasting and resale systems, and we expect to continue to do so. These investments pair with a strong risk management focus that is embedded in our pricing, finance and operations teams. 
We evaluate the quality of our pricing models and processes using high-frequency detailed metrics across all segments of our business, including home acquisition, resale strategy and inventory health
. All of our pricing decisions are managed centrally, giving us a high degree of control over our overall growth and margin objectives. While residential real estate markets are subject to fluctuations, as with any market, we believe we are well-positioned to manage our risk exposure due to the following:
•
A critical component of our business model is managing inventory exposure and balancing growth, margin, risk, liquidity, and capital. Transaction velocity and hold times are important inputs into how we manage our inventory exposure and overall risk. We have historically concentrated our home purchases on those segments of the residential real estate market with the highest transaction volumes, which helps lower the risk of involuntarily holding a home for longer than anticipated.
•
Our pricing models and inventory management systems are designed to recalibrate to market signals on a daily basis. In addition, we employ sophisticated resale pricing management systems that are designed to allow us to optimize sell-through and margin using real-time, local market demand information, including down to an individual home level. We believe that the quality and scale of information we utilize in our inventory management decisions 
8
TABLE OF CONTENTS

OPENDOOR TECHNOLOGIES INC.
and our ability to manage these decisions across a scaled, diversified portfolio provides us with a structural advantage over individual sellers or agents in the traditional home selling process.
•
Our operations across 50 markets and a range of price and home types allow us to benefit from significant diversification effects. Individual buyers and sellers are exposed to price and behavioral effects that are associated with specific markets or home segments. Our scale and diverse coverage allow us to mitigate such exposures across a wider range of markets and home segments so that our overall risk per home should decrease as we increase the breadth of markets, price points and home types across which we operate.
•
Our listed homes are not occupied and are in sale-ready condition given the repairs and renovations we perform. We believe that this increases the attractiveness and liquidity of our portfolio.
•
At any moment in time, a portion of our inventory is under resale contract; this means we have already found buyers for those homes and are in the process of closing the resale transactions. This further limits the exposure of our inventory portfolio to macro market changes. 
Efficient Digital Platform
We continue to invest in having an agile, low-cost platform, which allows us to provide more competitive offers to home sellers and adapt to changes in macro conditions. Each component of our real estate business and transaction experience has been purpose-built to delight our customers through a streamlined, digital-first, flexible, and vertically-integrated platform. We have reimagined the traditionally inefficient and labor-intensive processes required to purchase, prepare, and resell a home, and we have designed our technology and processes to do so at scale. With this in mind, we have invested in developing technology that enables virtualization, centralization, and automation to reduce cost, increase speed and improve quality of execution.
Our proprietary construction management technology enables us to drive efficiencies across all home servicing functions, tying together pre-acquisition assessments, pricing, repair and preparation scoping, centralized back-office operations, renovation project management, and listed home maintenance. Our systems and processes facilitate the centralization of certain processes that previously required local labor, which provides staffing flexibility, cost economies, training and quality enhancements, and faster turnaround times, all of which result in a superior home product and customer experience. One example is our virtual home assessment capability for our lowest risk homes, where home sellers or their agents are able to take our operators on a virtual, guided tour of their home, both interior and exterior. Our centralized teams then assess home condition and home features, and compare the subject home to nearby recently sold homes. Leveraging a combination of industry best practices and large, complex data sets, we can fully underwrite these lower risk homes via centralized teams in order to provide sellers fast and frictionless final offers. This centralization has also enabled us to shift an increasing amount of back-office work to our offshore teams, which we believe will help deliver structural cost improvements over time.
We have also established a network of over 450 trade partners and local service providers that use our proprietary technology to complete home repairs and maintenance. By leveraging our technology platform and directly interfacing with our trade partners, we reduce delays, eliminate waste, and improve quality of repairs while capturing data at every step to continuously improve the system. This increase in third-party capacity also gives us the flexibility to adapt to macro conditions and adjust our operating expenses commensurate with volume expectations. Due to our scale, we have procured volume discounts on the cost of materials used in our home repairs. In addition, we have designed our home inventory management processes and home access technology to ensure our homes are regularly cleaned, well-maintained and safe to enable our on-demand, self-tour experience. We receive regular home condition status updates from our trade partners and local service provider network who are in our homes multiple times per month, as well as from home shoppers and agents who provide feedback through our mobile application after their home tours. This feedback enables rapid response in the event of condition defects that would otherwise persist unaddressed. Quickly fixing potential quality issues helps ensure listed inventory remains in the necessary condition to maximize probability of resale.
Strategic Growth Priorities
Our growth strategy is to innovate and execute on the following key strategic priorities:
Increase penetration in existing markets.
 We are focused on growing market share in our existing markets — greater scale improves awareness, trust and adoption, operational cost efficiencies, and pricing competitiveness from more data. We have historically demonstrated our ability to capture over 4% market share in multiple markets, with our oldest market cohorts 
9
TABLE OF CONTENTS

OPENDOOR TECHNOLOGIES INC.
showing deeper market penetration. We will continue to expand our customer base through partnerships and marketing campaigns that increase awareness and engage customers early in their home selling and buying research.
Expand to new markets.
 At 50 markets as of December 31, 2024, we have made good progress towards our long-term goal of being able to deliver for customers nationwide. In the future, we may choose to expand our market presence. We will select any new markets by looking at drivers of supply, demand and affordability, housing stock, cost structure and expected pricing competitiveness. We have honed our market launch playbook by centralizing many of our core pricing, operations and customer service functions, enabling us to efficiently launch new markets with limited in-market physical presence. 
Our largely centralized and scalable framework for new market entry enabled us to rapidly grow the number of markets we served in 2021 and the first half of 2022. Furthermo
re, decision making for each home is informed by centralized, robust, data-driven playbooks that allow us to drive consistency across our markets and reach profitability in new markets more quickly.
Expand product offerings.
 Our north star is to build the best end-to-end digital experience for every home seller and buyer. We are focused on continuing to refine our best-in-class seller experience, drive additional scale and efficiencies, expand the options available to sellers to best suit their specific needs, invest in enhancing the buyer experience, and continue to integrate the seller and buyer journey. We continually evaluate the need for additional products related to real estate transactions and ancillary services.
Marketing
We utilize a diversified, multichannel approach in marketing, with a focus on efficient growth. In addition to earned media and online real estate partnerships with leading industry brands, we leverage a diverse range of channels and platforms within paid advertising, including paid online channels, direct mail, television, radio, social media, and outdoor advertising. As our market footprint has expanded, we are focused on our investment in broad reach and national channels such as television and sponsorships, to efficiently drive awareness and build trust with consumers in a new category. We also continue to build our prospective customer base by maintaining relationships and re-engaging with homeowners who might not have been ready to sell during their first interaction with Opendoor. With the majority of sellers also being buyers, these homeowners represent a large part of our marketing funnel that we are focused on converting when they are ready to transact. As more consumers start their home journey with Opendoor, we expect this prospective customer base to continue to expand over time.
Competition
The U.S. housing market is highly fragmented, with over four million residential real estate transactions per year. We view our primary competition as the approximately 99% of transactions that are done offline. As such, we compete directly with traditional, offline real estate brokers and agents. In addition, we also compete with other iBuyers, and our adjacent services compete with industry service providers, including title and escrow companies. We believe our singular focus on an end-to-end digital solution, our best-in-class pricing engine, and our low-cost operational platform differentiate us from our competitors and provide a meaningful and sustainable competitive advantage.
Human Capital Resources
    As of December 31, 2024, we employed 1,470 individuals, including 1,128 in the United States. None of our employees are currently represented by a labor organization or a party to any collective bargaining.
Our human capital resources objectives include, as applicable, identifying, recruiting, retaining, incentivizing, and integrating our existing and additional employees. The principal purposes of our equity incentive plans are to attract, retain, and motivate selected employees, consultants, and directors through the granting of stock-based compensation awards.
Technology
Our business is driven by data and technology at all stages of the home buying and selling process. We have assembled a team of engineers, data scientists, designers, and product managers whose expertise spans a broad range of technical areas to build our proprietary technology for pricing and home assessment, access, and management. We use technological innovations where possible to increase efficiency and scale our business.
We currently use third-party cloud computing services to allow us to quickly and efficiently scale up our services without upfront infrastructure costs, allowing us to maintain our focus on building great products. We also use third-party services to allow customers to digitally sign contracts, upload videos of their home and manage customer support services.
10
TABLE OF CONTENTS

OPENDOOR TECHNOLOGIES INC.
Intellectual Property
We rely on trademarks, domain names, patents, copyrights, trade secrets, contractual provisions and restrictions on access and use to establish and protect our proprietary rights. As of December 31, 2024, we had 12 trademark registrations and 11 patent registrations.
We are the registered holder of a variety of domestic domain names, including “opendoor.com.”
In addition to the protection provided by our intellectual property rights, we enter into confidentiality and proprietary rights agreements with certain of our employees, consultants, contractors and business partners. Certain of our employees and contractors are also subject to invention assignment agreements. We further control the use of our proprietary technology and intellectual property through provisions in both our general and product-specific terms of use on our website.
Government Regulation
We operate in highly regulated businesses through a number of different channels across the United States. As a result, we are currently subject to a variety of, and may in the future become subject to additional, federal, state and local statutes and regulations in various jurisdictions (as well as judicial and administrative decisions and state common law), which are subject to change at any time, including laws regarding the real estate industry, settlement services, mobile and internet based businesses and other businesses that rely on advertising, as well as data privacy, consumer protection, and employment laws.
In particular, the advertising and sale of homes is highly regulated by states in which we do business, as well as the U.S. federal government. Regulatory bodies include the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (“CFPB”), the Federal Trade Commission (“FTC”), the Department of Justice (“DOJ”), the Department of Housing and Urban Development (“HUD”), and various state licensing authorities, consumer protection agencies, financial regulatory agencies and insurance agencies. We are subject to compliance audits of our operations by many of these authorities. For a discussion of the various risks we face from regulation and compliance matters, see 
“