Item 1A.

Risk Factors
” for additional discussion regarding the risks we face from cybersecurity threats.
Cybersecurity Governance
Our 
Board
 considers cybersecurity risk as part of its risk oversight function and has delegated to the 
Audit Committee
 (the “Committee”) oversight of cybersecurity and other information technology risks. The Committee oversees management’s implementation of our cybersecurity risk management program.

The Committee receives updates at least annually from our Chief Technology and Product Officer and management on our cybersecurity risk management and strategy, including, as applicable, progress towards our risk-mitigation goals, results from third-party assessments, and the emerging threat landscape. In addition, management updates the Committee, as necessary, regarding any material cybersecurity incidents, as well as any incidents with lesser impact potential. 
The Committee reports to the full Board regarding its activities, including those related to cybersecurity and, will, from time to time, brief the full Board on our cybersecurity risk management program. From time to time, our Committee members receive presentations on cybersecurity topics from our internal or external experts as part of its continuing education on topics that impact public companies.
Our Chief Technology and Product Officer, in coordination with our internal security staff, is responsible for assessing and managing our material risks from cybersecurity threats, and has primary responsibility for our overall cybersecurity risk management program and supervising both our internal cybersecurity personnel and our retained external cybersecurity consultants.

Our Chief Technology and Product Officer, who possesses a 20-year track record in product development and engineering, eight years of which consist of overseeing technology, including the oversight of information security systems, reports directly to our Chief Executive Officer. This extensive experience spans both public and private companies.
Our Chief Technology and Product Officer supervises efforts to prevent, detect, mitigate, and remediate cybersecurity risks and incidents through various means, which may include briefings from internal security personnel, threat intelligence and other information obtained from governmental, public or private sources, and alerts and reports produced by security tools deployed in the IT environment, such as regular network and endpoint monitoring, vulnerability assessments, penetration testing, and tabletop exercises.