Item
 1. Business 
in Part I. 
THIRD FEDERAL SAVINGS AND LOAN ASSOCIATION OF CLEVELAND
. 
Extending the Duration of Funding Sources
As a complement to our strategies to shorten the fixed rate duration of our interest-earning assets, as described above, we also seek to lengthen the duration of our interest-bearing funding sources. These efforts include monitoring the relative costs of alternative funding sources such as retail certificates of deposit, brokered certificates of deposit, longer-term (e.g. three years or greater) fixed-rate advances from the FHLB of Cincinnati, and shorter-term (e.g. one or three months) funding, the durations of 
52
Table of Contents

which are extended by correlated interest rate exchange contracts ("swap"). Funding sources are discussed in more detail within this Item 7 in the sections entitled 
Maintaining Access to Adequate Liquidity and Diverse Funding Sources to Support our Growth and

Liquidity and Capital Resources
. All of our swaps are subject to collateral pledges and require specific structural features to qualify for hedge accounting treatment. Hedge accounting treatment directs that periodic mark-to-market adjustments be recorded in other comprehensive income (loss) in the equity section of the balance sheet, rather than being included in operating results of the income statement. The Association's intent is that any swap to which it may be a party will qualify for hedge accounting treatment. 
The Association uses swaps to extend the duration of its funding sources. Each of the Association's swap agreements is registered on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange and involves the exchange of interest payment amounts based on a notional principal balance. No exchange of principal amounts occur and the notional principal amount does not appear on our balance sheet. In each of the Association's agreements, interest paid is based on a fixed rate of interest throughout the term of each agreement while interest received is based on an interest rate that resets and compounds daily over a specified interval (generally three months) throughout the term of each agreement. On the initiation date of the swap, the agreed upon exchange interest rates reflect market conditions at that point in time. Swaps generally require counterparty collateral pledges that ensure the counterparties' ability to comply with the conditions of the agreement. Concurrent with the execution of each swap, the Association enters into a short-term borrowing in an amount equal to the notional amount of the swap and with interest rate resets aligned with the reset interval of the swap. Each individual swap agreement has been designated as a cash flow hedge of interest rate risk associated with either the Company's variable rate borrowings from the FHLB of Cincinnati or brokered CDs. In challenging economic times, such as with an extended inverted yield curve, the Association has found it financially beneficial to use swaps with a relatively lower cost to extend the duration of our liabilities. For more details, refer to Notes 10
. BORROWED FUNDS 
and
 17. DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS
 of the 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
. 
Each funding alternative is monitored and evaluated based on its effective interest payment rate, options exercisable by the creditor (early withdrawal, right to call, etc.), and collateral requirements. Refer to Notes
 9. DEPOSITS 
and
 10. BORROWED FUNDS
 of the 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
for additional details on balances. The interest payment rate is a function of market influences that are specific to the nuances and market competitiveness/breadth of each funding source. Generally, early withdrawal options, subject to a fee, are available to our retail CD customers but not to holders of brokered CDs; issuer call options are not provided on our advances from the FHLB of Cincinnati; and we are not subject to early termination options with respect to our interest rate exchange contracts. Additionally, collateral pledges are not provided with respect to our retail CDs or our brokered CDs, but are required for our advances from the FHLB of Cincinnati as well as for our interest rate exchange contracts. We will continue to evaluate the structure of our funding sources balancing the need to extend duration and manage cost.
Selling Fixed Rate Loans in the Secondary Market
 We also manage interest rate risk by selectively selling a portion of our long-term, fixed-rate mortgage loans in the secondary market. First mortgage loans (primarily fixed-rate mortgages with terms of 15 years or more, Home Ready and certain loans purchased through our correspondent lending partner) are originated under Fannie Mae guidelines and are eligible for sale to Fannie Mae either as whole loans or within mortgage-backed securities. Currently, certain types of loans (i.e. our Smart Rate adjustable-rate loans, 10-year fixed-rate loans, and first mortgage loans secured by certain property types) are originated under our proprietary underwriting and closing process, not eligible for sale to Fannie Mae. We can also manage interest rate risk by selling non-Fannie Mae compliant mortgage loans to private investors, although those transactions may be limited to loans that have established payment histories, strong borrower credit profiles and are supported by adequate collateral. Additionally, sales to private investors are dependent upon favorable market conditions, including motivated buyers, and involve more complicated negotiations and longer settlement timelines. 
During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, $247.4 million of agency-compliant, long-term (15 to 30 years), fixed-rate mortgage loans were sold, or committed to be sold, to Fannie Mae on a servicing retained basis. Of these sold or committed loans, $143.1 million were originated through our traditional lending programs as other agency-compliant first mortgage loans, $98.1 million were purchased through a correspondent lending partnership, and $6.2 million were originated through our mortgage banking brand, known as "Mortgage Passport". At September 30, 2024, loans classified as held for sale totaled $17.8 million. At September 30, 2024, we serviced $1.97 billion of loans we originated and later sold to investors.
We continue to consider liquidity and balance sheet management, as well as secondary market pricing, in evaluating the opportunity to sell loans. Additionally, we are using a proprietary approach to loan-level price adjustments in markets outside of Ohio and Florida using our "Mortgage Passport" brand to expand our ability to sell certain fixed-rate loans to Fannie Mae. Loan sales are discussed in more detail within the 
Liquidity and Capital Resources
 section of this Item 7.
53
Table of Contents

Monitoring and Limiting Our Credit Risk. 
While, historically, we had been successful in limiting our credit risk exposure by generally imposing high credit standards with respect to lending, the memory of the 2008 housing market collapse and financial crisis is a constant reminder to focus on credit risk. In response to the evolving economic landscape, we continuously revise and update our quarterly analysis and evaluation procedures, as needed, for each category of our lending with the objective of identifying and recognizing all appropriate credit losses. At September 30, 2024, 90% of our assets consisted of residential real estate loans (both “held for sale” and “held for investment”) and home equity loans and lines of credit. Our analytic procedures and evaluations include specific reviews of all home equity loans and lines of credit that become 90 or more days past due, as well as collateral reviews of all first mortgage loans that become 180 or more days past due. We transfer performing home equity lines of credit subordinate to first mortgages delinquent greater than 90 days to non-accrual status. We also charge-off performing loans to collateral value and classify those loans as non-accrual within 60 days of notification of all borrowers filing Chapter 7 bankruptcy, that have not reaffirmed or been dismissed, regardless of how long the loans have been performing. 
In an effort to limit our credit risk exposure and keep it consistent with the low risk appetite approved by the Board of Directors, the credit eligibility criteria is evaluated to ensure a successful homeowner has the primary source of repayment, followed by a collateral position that allows for a secondary source of repayment, if needed. Products that do not result in an effective mix of repayment ability are not offered. We use stringent, conservative lending standards for underwriting to reduce our credit risk. For first mortgage loans originated or purchased during the current fiscal year, the average credit score was 778, and the average LTV was 70% at origination. Our current delinquency levels reflect the higher credit standards to which we subject all new originations. As of September 30, 2024, loans originated or purchased had a balance of $15.41 billion, of which $31.9 million, or 0.2%, were delinquent. 
One aspect of our credit risk concern relates to high concentrations of our loans that are secured by residential real estate in specific states, particularly Ohio and Florida, where a large portion of our historical lending has occurred. At September 30, 2024, approximately 58.1% and 17.3% of the combined total of our residential Core and construction loans held for investment and approximately 23.6% and 22.5% of our home equity loans and lines of credit were secured by properties in Ohio and Florida, respectively. In an effort to moderate the concentration of our credit risk exposure in individual states, we have utilized direct mail marketing, our internet site and our customer service call center to extend our lending activities to other attractive geographic locations. Currently, in addition to Ohio and Florida, we are actively lending in 25 other states and the District of Columbia, and as a result of that activity, the concentration ratios of the combined total of our residential Core and construction loans held for investment in Ohio and Florida have trended downward from their September 30, 2010 levels when the concentrations were 79.1% in Ohio and 19.0% in Florida. Of the total mortgage loan originations and purchases for the year ended September 30, 2024, 20.7% are secured by properties in states other than Ohio or Florida.
Maintaining Access to Adequate Liquidity and Diverse Funding Sources to Support our Growth. 
For most insured depositories, customer and community confidence are critical to their ability to maintain access to adequate liquidity and to conduct business in an orderly manner. We believe that a well capitalized institution is one of the most important factors in nurturing customer and community confidence. At September 30, 2024, the Association’s ratio of Tier 1 (leverage) capital to net average assets (a basic industry measure that deems 5.00% or above to represent a “well capitalized” status) was 10.11%. We expect to continue to remain a well capitalized institution.
In managing its level of liquidity, the Company monitors available funding sources, which include attracting new deposits (including brokered deposits), borrowing from others, the conversion of assets to cash and the generation of funds through profitable operations. The Company has traditionally relied on retail deposits as its primary means in meeting its funding needs. To attract deposits, we typically offer rates that are competitive with the rates on similar products offered by other financial institutions. At September 30, 2024, deposits totaled $10.20 billion (including $1.22 billion of brokered CDs), while borrowings totaled $4.79 billion and borrowers’ advances and servicing escrows totaled $142.4 million, combined. In evaluating funding sources, we consider many factors, including cost, collateral, duration and optionality, current availability, expected sustainability, impact on operations and capital levels.
While our retail deposit customers remain our preferred source of funding, we maintain many alternative funding sources. First, we pledge available real estate mortgage loans with the FHLB of Cincinnati and the FRB-Cleveland. At September 30, 2024, the Association had the ability to borrow a maximum of $6.86 billion from the FHLB of Cincinnati and $633.1 million from the FRB-Cleveland Discount Window. As of September 30, 2024, our capacity for additional borrowing from FHLB of Cincinnati was $2.09 billion. Second, we have the ability to purchase overnight Fed Funds up to $395.0 million through various arrangements with other institutions. Third, we invest in high quality marketable securities that exhibit limited market price variability and, to the extent that they are not needed as collateral for borrowings, can be sold in the institutional market and converted to cash. At September 30, 2024, our investment securities portfolio totaled $526.3 million. Fourth, selling loans in the secondary market is a regular source of liquidity. During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, we sold, or committed to sell $247.4 million in loans to Fannie Mae. Finally, cash flows from operating activities have been a regular source of funds. 
54
Table of Contents

During the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, cash flows from operations provided $88.6 million and $90.7 million, respectively.
Overall, while customer and community confidence can never be assured, the Company believes that our liquidity is adequate and that we have adequate access to alternative funding sources.
Monitoring and Controlling Our Operating Expenses.
 We continue to focus on managing operating expenses. We have successfully been able to reduce our operating expenses to offset the pressure of margin compression resulting from the extended inverted yield curve. Our ratio of non-interest expense to average assets was 1.20% for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, and 1.31% for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. As of September 30, 2024, our average assets per full-time associate and our average deposits per full-time associate were $18.7 million and $11.1 million, respectively. We believe that each of these measures compares favorably with industry averages. Our relatively high average deposits (exclusive of brokered CDs) held at our branch offices ($242.6 million per branch office as of September 30, 2024) contributes to our expense management efforts by limiting the overhead costs of serving our customers. We will continue our efforts to control operating expenses to help safeguard against margin compression.
Critical Accounting Estimates
Critical accounting estimates are defined as those that involve significant judgments and uncertainties, and could potentially give rise to materially different results under different assumptions and conditions. We believe that the most critical accounting estimates upon which our financial condition and results of operations depend, and which involve the most complex subjective decisions or assessments, relate to the allowance for credit losses. 
Allowance for Credit Losses.
 The allowance for credit losses is the amount estimated by management as necessary to absorb credit losses related to both the loan portfolio and off-balance sheet commitments based on a life of loan methodology. The amount of the allowance is based on significant estimates and the ultimate losses may vary from such estimates as more information becomes available, or conditions change. The methodology for determining the allowance for credit losses is considered a critical accounting policy by management due to the high degree of judgment involved, the subjectivity of the assumptions used and the potential for changes in the economic environment that could result in changes to the amount of the recorded allowance for credit losses. At September 30, 2024, the allowance for credit losses was $97.8 million, or 0.64% of total loans. An increase or decrease of 10% in the allowance at September 30, 2024, would result in a $9.8 million charge or release, respectively, to income before income taxes.
As a substantial percentage of our loan portfolio is collateralized by real estate, appraisals of the underlying value of property securing loans are critical in determining the charge-offs for specific loans. Assumptions are instrumental in determining the value of properties. Overly optimistic assumptions or negative changes to assumptions could significantly affect the valuation of a property securing a loan and the related allowance determined. Management carefully reviews the assumptions supporting such appraisals to determine that the resulting values reasonably reflect amounts realizable on the related loans.
Management performs a quarterly evaluation of the adequacy of the allowance for credit losses. We consider a variety of factors in establishing this estimate including, but not limited to, current economic conditions, delinquency statistics, geographic concentrations, economic forecasts and how they correlate to management's view of the future, the adequacy of the underlying collateral, the financial strength of the borrower, results of internal loan reviews and other relevant factors. This evaluation is inherently subjective as it requires material estimates by management that may be susceptible to significant change based on changes in economic and real estate market conditions. Refer to Note 
5. LOANS AND ALLOWANCES FOR CREDIT LOSSES 
of the
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 and the 
Lending Activities
 section of