Item 1A.
Risk Factors
The material risks and uncertainties that management believes affect us are described below. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information included or incorporated by reference herein, as well as in other documents we file with the SEC. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones facing us. Additional risks and uncertainties that management is not aware of or focused on, or that management currently deems immaterial may also impair our business operations. This report is qualified in its entirety by these risk factors. See also, “Forward-Looking Statements.”
Risks Related to Economic Conditions
A worsening of economic conditions could reduce demand for our products and services and/or result in increases in our level of non-performing loans, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations.
Our performance is significantly impacted by the general economic conditions in our primary markets in Ohio and Florida, and surrounding areas. We also originate loans in other states which will be impacted by national or regional economic conditions. A deterioration in economic conditions is likely to result in high levels of unemployment, which would weaken local economies and could result in additional defaults of mortgage loans. Most of the loans in our loan portfolio are secured by real estate located in our primary market areas. Negative conditions, such as layoffs, in the markets where collateral for a mortgage loan is located could adversely affect a borrower's ability to repay the loan or the value of the collateral securing the loan. Declines in the U.S. housing market, falling home prices and increasing foreclosures, as well as unemployment and underemployment, all negatively impact the credit performance of mortgage loans and can result in significant write-downs of asset values by financial institutions. 
In response to a significant decline in general economic conditions, many lenders and institutional investors may reduce or cease providing funding to borrowers, including other financial institutions. This market turmoil and tightening of credit could lead to an increased level of commercial and consumer delinquencies, lack of consumer confidence, increased market volatility and widespread reduction of general business activity. The resulting economic pressure on consumers and lack of confidence in the financial markets could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In response, we would expect to face the following risks in connection with these events:
•
Increased regulation of our industry, heightened supervisory scrutiny related to the USA PATRIOT Act, Bank Secrecy Act, Fair Lending and other laws and regulations, along with enhanced monitoring of compliance with such regulation. Each aspect of amplified supervision and regulation will in all likelihood increase our costs, may be accompanied by the risk of unexpected fines, sanctions, penalties, litigation and corresponding management diversion and may limit our ability to pursue business opportunities and return capital to our shareholders.
•
Our ability to assess the creditworthiness of our customers may be impaired if the models and approaches we use to select, manage, and underwrite our customers becomes less predictive of future behaviors.
•
The process we use to estimate losses inherent in our credit exposure require difficult, subjective, and complex judgments, including forecasts of economic conditions and how these economic predictions might impair the ability of our borrowers to repay their loans, which may no longer be capable of viable estimation and which may, in turn, impact the reliability of our evaluation processes, the comfort of our regulators with respect to the adequacy of our allowance for credit losses and who may require adjustments thereto, and ultimately could result in increased provisions for loan losses and reduced levels of earnings and capital.
•
Our ability to engage in sales of mortgage loans to third parties (including mortgage loan securitization transactions with governmental entities) on favorable terms or at all could be adversely affected by further disruptions in the capital markets or other events, including deteriorating investor expectations.
•
Competition in our industry could intensify as a result of increasing consolidation of financial services companies in connection with current market conditions.
Inflation can have an adverse impact on our business and on our customers. 
Inflation risk is the risk that the value of assets or income from investments will be worth less in the future as inflation decreases the value of money. From 2022 to 2023, the FRS raised certain benchmark interest rates in an effort to combat elevated inflation,. As inflation increases, the value of our investment securities, particularly those with longer maturities, would decrease, although this effect can be less pronounced for floating rate instruments. In addition, inflation increases the cost of goods and services we use in our business operations, such as electricity and other utilities, which increases our non-
34
Table of Contents

interest expense. Furthermore, our customers are also affected by inflation, higher interest rates, and the rising costs of goods and services used in their households and businesses, which could have a negative impact on their ability to repay their loans with us.
Risks Related to Market Interest Rates
Future changes in interest rates could reduce our net income.
Our net income largely depends on our net interest income, which could be negatively affected by changes in interest rates. Net interest income is the difference between the interest income we earn on our interest-earning assets, such as loans and securities, and the interest we pay on our interest-bearing liabilities, such as deposits and borrowings.
Generally, during a period of rising interest rates, the interest income earned on our assets may not increase as rapidly as the interest paid on our liabilities because, like many savings institutions, our liabilities generally have shorter contractual maturities than our assets. An example of this occurs when interest rates paid on certificates of deposit experience a significant increase. In this circumstance, a CD customer may determine that it is in his/her best interest to incur the existing penalty for early withdrawal, tender the certificate for cash and either reinvest the proceeds in a new CD with us, or withdraw the funds and leave us. As a result, we either establish a new, higher rate certificate (if the customer stays with us), or we must fund the customer’s withdrawal by: (1) reducing our cash reserves; (2) selling assets to generate cash to fund the withdrawal; (3) attracting deposits from another customer at the then-higher interest rate; or (4) borrowing from a wholesale lender like the FHLB of Cincinnati, again at the then-higher interest rate. Each of these alternatives can have an unfavorable impact on us.
Changes in interest rates can also have an unfavorable impact on our net interest income when and if home equity lines of credit and loans and mortgage interest rates decline. Our customers may seek to refinance, without penalty, their mortgage loans with us or repay their mortgage loans with us and borrow from another lender. When that happens, either the yield that we earn on the customer’s loan is reduced (if the customer refinances with us), or the mortgage is paid off and we are faced with the challenge of reinvesting the cash received to repay the mortgage in a lower interest rate environment. This is frequently referred to as reinvestment risk, which is the risk that we may not be able to reinvest the proceeds of loan prepayments at rates that are comparable to the rates we earned on the loans prior to receipt of the repayment. Reinvestment risk also exists with the securities in our investment portfolio that are backed by mortgage loans.
Our net interest income can also be negatively impacted when assets and funding sources with seemingly similar, but not identical re-pricing characteristics, react differently to changing interest rates. An example is our home equity lines of credit loan portfolio and our interest-bearing checking and savings deposit products. Interest rates charged on our home equity lines of credit loans are linked to the prime rate of interest, which generally adjusts in a direct relationship to changes in the FRS’s Federal Funds target rate. Similarly, our interest-bearing checking and savings deposit products are generally expected to adjust when changes are made to the Federal Funds target rate. However, to the extent that increases or decreases are made to the Federal Funds target rate, and those increases or decreases translate into increases or decreases of the prime rate and the rate charged on our home equity lines of credit loans, but do not extend to equivalent adjustments to our interest-bearing checking and savings deposit products, we can experience a reduction in our net interest income. At September 30, 2024, we held $3.32 billion of home equity lines of credit loans and $2.00 billion of interest-bearing checking and savings deposits.
Our net income can also be reduced by the impact that changes in interest rates can have on the value of our capitalized mortgage servicing rights. As of September 30, 2024, we serviced $1.97 billion of loans sold to third parties, and the mortgage servicing rights associated with such loans had an amortized cost of $7.6 million and an estimated fair value, at that date, of $17.1 million. Because the estimated life and estimated income to be derived from servicing the underlying mortgage loans generally increase with rising interest rates and decrease with falling interest rates, the value of mortgage servicing rights generally increases as interest rates rise and decreases as interest rates fall. If interest rates fall and the value of our capitalized servicing rights decrease, we may be required to recognize an additional impairment charge against income for the amount by which amortized cost exceeds estimated fair market value. 
Our securities portfolio may be impacted by fluctuations in market value, potentially reducing AOCI and/or earnings. Fluctuations in market value may be caused by changes in market interest rates, lower market prices for securities and limited investor demand. Changes in interest rates can also have an adverse effect on our financial condition, as our available for sale securities are reported at their estimated fair value, and therefore are impacted by fluctuations in interest rates. We increase or decrease our stockholders’ equity by the amount of change in the estimated fair value of the available for sale securities, net of taxes. The declines in market value could result in other-than-temporary impairments of these assets, which would lead to accounting charges that could have a material adverse effect on our net income and capital levels.
In general, changes in market and competitive interest rates result from events that we do not control and over which we generally have little or no influence. As a result, mitigation of the adverse effects of changing interest rates is generally limited 
35
Table of Contents

to controlling the composition of the assets and liabilities that we hold. To monitor our positions, we maintain an interest rate risk modeling system which is designed to measure our interest rate risk sensitivity. Using customized modeling software, the Association prepares periodic estimates of the amounts by which the net present value of its cash flows from assets, liabilities and off balance sheet items (the institution’s EVE) would change in the event of a range of assumed changes in market interest rates. The simulation model uses a discounted cash flow analysis and an option-based pricing approach in measuring the interest rate sensitivity of EVE. At September 30, 2024, in the event of an immediate 200 basis point increase in all interest rates, our model projects that we would experience a $311.5 million, or 27.24%, decrease in EVE. Our calculations further project that, at September 30, 2024, in the event that market interest rates used in the simulation were adjusted in equal monthly amounts (termed a "ramped" format) during the twelve month measurement period to an aggregate increase in 200 basis points, we would expect our projected net interest income for the twelve months ended September 30, 2025, to increase by 1.27%. See Item 7A. 
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk
.
Hedging against interest rate risk exposure may adversely affect our earnings.
On occasion we have employed various financial risk methodologies that limit, or "hedge," the adverse effects of rising or decreasing interest rates on our loan portfolios and short-term liabilities. We also engage in hedging strategies with respect to arrangements where our customers swap floating interest rate obligations for fixed interest rate obligations, or vice versa. Our hedging activity varies based on the level and volatility of interest rates and other changing market conditions. There are no perfect hedging strategies, and interest rate hedging may fail to protect us from loss. Moreover, hedging activities could result in losses if the event against which we hedge does not occur. Additionally, interest rate hedging could fail to protect us or adversely affect us because, among other things:
•
available interest rate hedging may not correspond directly with the interest rate risk for which protection is sought;
•
the durations of the hedge may not match the duration of the related liability;
•
the party owing money in the hedging transaction may default on its obligation to pay;
•
the credit quality of the party owing money on the hedge may be downgraded to such an extent that it impairs our ability to sell or assign our side of the hedging transaction;
•
the value of derivatives used for hedging may be adjusted from time to time in accordance with accounting rules to reflect changes in fair value; and/or
•
downward adjustments, or "mark-to-market" losses, would reduce our equity.
Risks Related to Laws and Regulations
Changes in laws and regulations and the cost of compliance with new laws and regulations may adversely affect our operations and our income.
We are subject to extensive regulation, supervision and examination by the FRS, the OCC, the CFPB and the FDIC. These regulatory authorities have extensive discretion in connection with their supervisory and enforcement activities, including the ability to impose restrictions on a bank’s operations, reclassify assets, determine the adequacy of a bank’s allowance for credit losses and determine the level of deposit insurance premiums assessed. Because our business is highly regulated, the laws and applicable regulations are subject to frequent change. Any change in these regulations and oversight, whether in the form of regulatory policy, new regulations or legislation or additional deposit insurance premiums could have a material impact on our operations.
The potential exists for additional federal or state laws and regulations, or changes in policy, affecting lending and funding practices and liquidity standards. Moreover, bank regulatory agencies have been active in responding to concerns and trends identified in examinations, and have issued many formal enforcement orders requiring capital ratios in excess of regulatory requirements. Bank regulatory agencies, such as the FRS, the OCC, the CFPB and the FDIC, govern the activities in which we may engage, primarily for the protection of depositors, and not for the protection or benefit of potential investors. In addition, new laws and regulations may increase our costs of regulatory compliance and of doing business, and otherwise affect our operations. New laws and regulations may significantly affect the markets in which we do business, the markets for and value of our loans and investments, the fees we can charge and our ongoing operations, costs and profitability.
We are subject to stringent capital requirements, which may adversely impact our return on equity, require us to raise additional capital, or limit our ability to pay dividends or repurchase shares.
Federal regulations establish minimum capital requirements for insured depository institutions, including minimum risk-based capital and leverage ratios, and define "capital" for calculating these ratios. The minimum capital requirements are: (1) a common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 4.5%; (2) a Tier 1 risk-based assets capital ratio of 6%; (3) a total capital ratio of 8%; and 
36
Table of Contents

(4) a Tier 1 leverage ratio of 4%. The regulations also establish a "capital conservation buffer" of 2.5%, which results in the following minimum ratios: (1) a common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 7.0%; (2) a Tier 1 to risk-based assets capital ratio of 8.5%; and (3) a total capital ratio of 10.5%. An institution will be subject to limitations on paying dividends, engaging in share repurchases and paying discretionary bonuses if its capital level falls below the capital conservation buffer amount.
The application of these capital requirements could, among other things, result in lower returns on equity, and result in regulatory actions if we are unable to comply with such requirements. Specifically, our ability to pay dividends to the Company is limited for any association that does not maintain the capital conservation buffer required by the capital rules, which may limit our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders.
The FRS may require the Company to commit capital resources to support the Association, and we may not have sufficient access to such capital resources. 
Federal law requires that a holding company act as a source of financial and managerial strength to its subsidiary bank and to commit resources to support such subsidiary bank. Under the “source of strength” doctrine, the FRS may require a holding company to make capital injections into a troubled subsidiary bank and may charge the holding company with engaging in unsafe and unsound practices for failure to commit resources to a subsidiary bank. A capital injection may be required at times when the holding company may not have the resources to provide it and therefore may be required to attempt to borrow the funds or raise capital. Thus, any borrowing of funds needed to raise capital required to make a capital injection becomes more difficult and expensive, and could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Moreover, it is possible that we will be unable to borrow funds when we need to do so.
Monetary policies and regulations of the FRS could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
In addition to being affected by general economic conditions, our earnings and growth are affected by the policies of the FRS. An important function of the FRS is to regulate the money supply and credit conditions. Among the instruments used by the FRS to implement these objectives are open market purchases and sales of U.S. government securities, adjustments of the discount rate and changes in banks’ reserve requirements against bank deposits. These instruments are used in varying combinations to influence overall economic growth and the distribution of credit, bank loans, investments and deposits. Their use also affects interest rates charged on loans or paid on deposits.
The monetary policies and regulations of the FRS have had a significant effect on the operating results of financial institutions in the past and are expected to continue to do so in the future. The effects of such policies upon our business, financial condition and results of operations cannot be predicted.
We may be required to raise additional capital in the future, but that capital may not be available when it is needed, or it may only be available on unacceptable terms, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
We are required by federal regulatory authorities to maintain adequate levels of capital to support our operations. We may at some point, however, need to raise additional capital to support continued growth or be required by our regulators to increase our capital resources. Our ability to raise additional capital, if needed, will depend on conditions in the capital markets at that time, which are outside of our control, and on our financial performance. Accordingly, we may not be able to raise additional capital, if needed, on terms acceptable to us. If we cannot raise additional capital when needed, our ability to further expand our operations and pursue our growth strategy could be materially impaired and our financial condition and liquidity could be materially and adversely affected. In addition, if we are unable to raise additional capital when required by our bank regulators, we may be subject to adverse regulatory action.
We may become subject to enforcement actions even though noncompliance was inadvertent or unintentional.
The financial services industry is subject to intense scrutiny from bank supervisors in the examination process and aggressive enforcement of federal and state regulations, particularly with respect to mortgage-related practices and other consumer compliance matters, and compliance with anti-money laundering, BSA and OFAC regulations, and economic sanctions against certain foreign countries and nations. Enforcement actions may be initiated for violations of laws and regulations and unsafe or unsound practices. We maintain systems and procedures designed to ensure that we comply with applicable laws and regulations; however, some legal/regulatory frameworks provide for the imposition of fines and penalties for noncompliance even though the noncompliance was inadvertent or unintentional and even though there was in place at the time systems and procedures designed to ensure compliance. Failure to comply with these and other regulations, and supervisory expectations related thereto, may result in fines, penalties, lawsuits, regulatory sanctions, reputation damage, or restrictions on our business.
37
Table of Contents

Risks Related to our Lending Activities
Our lending activities provide lower interest rate returns than financial institutions that originate more commercial loans.
Our principal lending activity consists of originating, and essentially all of our loan portfolio consists of, residential real estate mortgage loans. We originate our loans with a focus on limiting credit risk exposure and not necessarily to generate the highest return possible or maximize our interest rate spread. In addition, residential real estate mortgage loans generally have lower interest rates than commercial business loans, commercial real estate loans and consumer loans. As a result, we may generate lower interest rate spreads and rates of return when compared to our competitors who originate more consumer or commercial loans than we do. We intend to continue our focus on residential real estate lending.
Our business may be adversely affected by credit risk associated with residential property.
A significant portion of our total residential mortgage loan portfolio is secured by one- to four-family real estate. One- to four-family residential mortgage lending is generally sensitive to regional and local economic conditions that significantly impact the ability of borrowers to meet their loan payment obligations, making loss levels difficult to predict. A decline in residential real estate values as a result of a downturn in the housing markets in our lending areas could reduce the value of the real estate collateral securing these types of loans. As a result, we have increased risk that we could incur losses if borrowers default on their loans because we may be unable to recover all or part of the defaulted loans by selling the real estate collateral. In addition, if borrowers sell their homes, they may be unable to repay their loans in full from the sale proceeds.
Secondary mortgage market conditions could have a material impact on our financial condition and results of operations.
Loan sales provide a portion of our non-interest income. In addition to being affected by interest rates, the secondary mortgage markets are also subject to investor demand for residential real estate loans and increased investor yield requirements for these loans. These conditions may fluctuate or worsen in the future. A prolonged period of secondary market illiquidity could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
If we are required to repurchase mortgage loans that we have previously sold, it would negatively affect our earnings.
We sell mortgage loans in the secondary market under agreements that contain representations and warranties related to, among other things, the origination, characteristics of the mortgage loans and subsequent servicing. We may be required to repurchase mortgage loans that we have sold in cases of borrower default or breaches of these representations and warranties, and we would be subject to increased risk of disputes and repurchase demands as our volume of loan sales increases. If we are required to repurchase mortgage loans or provide indemnification or other recourse, this could significantly increase our costs and thereby affect our future earnings.
If our allowance for credit losses is not sufficient to cover actual loan losses, our earnings could decrease.
We make various assumptions and judgments about the collectability of our loan portfolio, including the creditworthiness of our borrowers and the value of the real estate and other assets serving as collateral for the repayment of many of our loans. In determining the amount of the allowance for credit losses, we review our loans, our loss and delinquency experience, and evaluate economic conditions. If our assumptions or the results of our analyses are incorrect, our allowance for credit losses may not be sufficient to cover future losses, resulting in additions to our allowance. Material additions to our allowance would materially decrease our net income. See Note 5.
 LOANS AND ALLOWANCES FOR CREDIT LOSSES 
of the 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
for additional information on the CECL methodology.
In addition, bank regulators periodically review our allowance for credit losses and, as a result of such reviews, we may decide to increase our provision for loans losses or recognize further loan charge-offs. Any increase in our allowance for credit losses or loan charge-offs as a result of such review or otherwise, may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operation.
The foreclosure process may adversely impact our recoveries on non-performing loans.
The judicial foreclosure process is protracted, which delays our ability to resolve non-performing loans through the sale of the underlying collateral. The longer timelines have been the result of the economic crisis, additional consumer protection initiatives related to the foreclosure process, increased documentary requirements and judicial scrutiny, and, both voluntary and mandatory programs under which lenders may consider loan modifications or other alternatives to foreclosure. These reasons and the legal and regulatory responses have impacted the foreclosure process and completion time of foreclosures for residential 
38
Table of Contents

mortgage lenders. This may result in a material adverse effect on collateral values and our ability to minimize its losses.
Risks Related to Competitive Matters
Strong competition within our market areas may limit our growth and profitability.
Competition in the banking and financial services industry is intense. In our market areas, we compete with commercial banks, savings institutions, mortgage brokerage firms, credit unions, finance companies, mutual funds, money market funds, insurance companies, and brokerage and investment banking firms operating locally and elsewhere. Some of our competitors have greater name recognition and market presence that benefit them in attracting business, and offer certain services that we do not or cannot provide. In addition, larger competitors may be able to price loans and deposits more aggressively than we do. Competitive factors driven by consumer sentiment or otherwise can also reduce our ability to generate fee income, such as through overdraft fees. Troubled financial institutions may not significantly increase the interest rates paid to depositors in pursuit of retail deposits when wholesale funding sources are not available to them. Furthermore, the wide acceptance of Internet-based commerce has resulted in a number of alternative payment processing systems and lending platforms in which banks play only minor roles. Customers can now maintain funds in prepaid debit cards or digital currencies, and pay bills and transfer funds directly without the direct assistance of banks. Our profitability depends upon our continued ability to successfully compete in our market areas. For additional information see PART 1