Item 1.

Business
The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read together with our  financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report for the fiscal year ended February 1, 2025.  This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties.  See the section of this Annual Report entitled “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements.”  When reviewing the discussion below, you should keep in mind the substantial risks and uncertainties that characterize our business.  Known material factors that could affect our financial performance and actual results, and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements included in this discussion or otherwise made by our management, are described in the “Risk Factors” section of this Annual Report.
Who We Are
Academy Sports + Outdoors is a leading full-line sporting goods and outdoor recreation retailer in the United States.  Originally founded in 1938 as a family business in Texas, we now operate 298 stores across 19 contiguous states as of February 1, 2025.  Our mission is to provide “Fun for All” and we fulfill this mission with a localized merchandising strategy and value proposition that deeply connect with a broad range of consumers.  Our product assortment focuses on key categories of outdoor, apparel, sports & recreation and footwear (representing 30%, 27%, 23% and 20% of our 2024 net sales, respectively) through both leading national brands and a portfolio of 19 private label brands, which go well beyond traditional sporting goods and apparel offerings.
We believe the following attributes differentiate us from our competitors:
•
Value-based assortment that enables our customers to participate and have fun, no matter their budget.
•
Broad assortment that extends beyond sporting goods and apparel to outdoor recreation and is localized for individual stores.
•
Emerging, growing and profitable omnichannel strategy that leverages our buy-online-pickup-in-store program (“BOPIS”) and shipping fulfillment capabilities.
•
Strong customer loyalty, with opportunities to increase penetration in existing markets.
•
Regional focus primarily in the southern United States with a growing presence in some of the fastest-growing Metropolitan Statistical Areas (or “MSAs”).
•
Core customers comprising active families that we support with one-stop shop convenience.
•
Significant whitespace opportunity for new stores for both existing and adjacent geographies and new markets.
We believe we sit in a sweet-spot of consumer demand, offering a broad, value-based assortment of sporting goods and outdoor recreation products, so our customers can participate and have fun, no matter their budget.  We carefully curate our products to provide the right assortment that appeals to customers from beginners to experts, including families and casual participants.
Our access to national brand and private label brand merchandise creates a comprehensive portfolio of value-based and diversified products, spanning various price-points, that differentiates our assortment from our peers.  Our category, brand and price-point mix is unique to Academy and difficult to replicate at other retailers. Approximately 77% of our 2024 merchandise sales was comprised of national brand products, with the remainder coming from exclusive products in our portfolio of private label brands.  No single brand we carry accounted for more than approximately 12% of our 2024 sales.
We endeavor to offer products for customers of all ages, incomes and aspirations across sporting and outdoor recreation activities, seasons and experience levels.  As such, we have a balanced, year-round business and a large customer base.  Our average customer visits our stores anywhere fr
om two to three times
 per year.
6
Our Industry
The retail business is highly competitive based on many variables including price, product assortment, customer service, omnichannel experience and store locations.
The retail sporting goods and outdoor recreation retail industry comprises six principal categories of retailers:
•
Mass general merchants
 and department stores (examples: Walmart, Kohl’s, Target and Macy's) generally range in size from 50,000 to over 200,000 square feet and are typically located in shopping centers, free-standing sites or regional malls.  Sporting goods merchandise and apparel and outdoor recreation products may represent a small portion of the total merchandise in these stores.   
•
Large format sporting goods stores
 (examples: Dick’s Sporting Goods and Scheels) generally range in size from 20,000 to over 100,000 square feet and offer a broad selection of sporting goods and outdoor recreation merchandise.
•
Traditional sporting goods stores
 (examples: Hibbett Sports and Big 5 Sporting Goods) generally range in size from 5,000 to 20,000 square feet and are frequently located in regional malls and shopping centers and typically carry a varied assortment of primarily sporting goods merchandise.
•
Specialty outdoor retailers
 (examples: Bass Pro Shop/Cabela’s and Sportsman’s Warehouse) generally range in size from 7,500 to over 100,000 square feet and typically focus on specific categories such as outdoor recreation.
•
Specialty footwear retailers
 (examples: Foot Locker, Boot Barn and The Finish Line) generally range in size from 2,000 to 20,000 square feet and typically focus on specific categories such as athletic footwear.
•
Catalogue & Internet retailers
 (examples: Amazon, eBay, and Fanatics) do not typically operate brick and mortar stores and primarily rely on delivery of goods. Sporting goods merchandise and apparel and outdoor recreation products may represent a small portion of the total merchandise on their websites.
Our primary competitors are large format sporting goods stores and mass general merchants that offer sporting goods, outdoor recreation products and other lifestyle and recreational merchandise.
Merchandising
Our merchandise consists of a full range of industry-leading national brands and strong private brands providing our customers with diversified product categories of good, better, best price points.  We deliver Academy’s unique product assortment through our strong partnerships with our vendors.  In 2024, we purchased merchandise from approximately 1,500 vendors.  For 2024, 2023 and 2022 no vendor represented more than 11% of our total purchases.  Our relationships with key brands, on-trend private brands, and exclusive product offerings differentiates our assortment from our peers.
We have preferred access to hundred
s of well-recognized national brands, such as Nike, including its Jordan Brand which we expect to launch starting in April 2025, Under Armour, adidas, Win
chester, Columbia Sportswear, The North Face, Brooks, Skechers, Yeti, Stanley and Carhartt, which are critical to our market penetration.  These and some of our other national brands rely on us to broaden their consumer reach, which fosters a mutually beneficial relationship when it comes to pricing and assortment, and we play a critical role in delivering customer volume for these brands.  Our national brand assortment spans across each brand’s price spectrum, which we complement with an assortment of our private label brands priced below the national brand price spectrum.  As such, we receive favorable product allocations from leading suppliers.
Our private label brand portfolio consists of 19 brands, including Magellan Outdoors, Academy Sports + Outdoors, BCG, O'rageous, Game Winner, Outdoor Gourmet, Freely and R.O.W.  Our private label brand strategy focuses on in-filling categories and price points that our national brand products may not satisfy.  Our private label brand offerings support and complement our overall merchandising strategy due to limited price-point overlap with national brands.  Additionally, our private label brands generate strong brand equity and drive significant customer loyalty.  Approximately 
52% of our 
customers purchased a private label brand from us in 2024 and approximately 23% of our 2024 merchandise sales was comprised of private brand products. 
7
As of February 1, 2025, we generally organized our merchandise in four divisions made up of sixteen categories as follows:
Division
Category
Primary product types
Outdoors
Camping
Coolers and drinkware, camping accessories and camping equipment
Fishing
Marine equipment and fishing rods, reels, baits and equipment
Hunting
Firearms, ammunition, archery and archery equipment, camouflage apparel, waders, shooting accessories, gun safes, optics, airguns and hunting equipment
Sports and Recreation
Fitness
Fitness equipment, fitness accessories and nutrition supplies
Team sports
Team and specialty sports equipment, including baseball, football, basketball, soccer, golf, racket sports, volleyball, backpacks and sports bags
Recreation
Patio furniture, outdoor cooking, wheeled goods (bicycles, skateboards and other ride-on toys), trampolines, play sets, watersports and pet equipment
Front end
Sunglasses and front-end (consumables, batteries, etc.), electronics, and watches 
Apparel
Outdoor and seasonal apparel
Outdoor apparel, seasonal apparel, denim, work apparel, graphic t-shirts and accessories
Youth apparel
Boys and girls outdoor and athletic apparel
Athletic apparel
Sporting apparel and apparel for fitness
Licensed apparel
Professional and collegiate team licensed apparel and accessories
Footwear
Casual and seasonal footwear
Casual shoes, slippers, seasonal footwear and socks 
Work footwear
Work and western boots, shoes and hunting footwear
Youth footwear
Boys and girls footwear
Athletic footwear
Running shoes, athletic lifestyle and training shoes
Team sports footwear
Team and specialty sports footwear and slides
8
The following table sets forth the approximate amount of sales (all of which are based in the U.S.) by merchandise divisions for the periods presented (amounts in thousands):
Fiscal Year Ended
February 1, 2025
February 3, 2024
January 28, 2023
Merchandise sales
Outdoors
$
1,739,876

$
1,727,018 
$
1,819,418 
Sports and recreation
1,357,811

1,452,377 
1,488,187 
Apparel
1,611,435

1,710,838 
1,758,993 
Footwear
1,187,605

1,235,643 
1,291,227 
Total merchandise sales 
(1)
5,896,727

6,125,876 
6,357,825 
Other sales 
(2)
36,723

33,415 
37,248 
Net sales
$
5,933,450

$
6,159,291 
$
6,395,073 
(1)
E-commerce sales consist of 10.5%, 10.7% and 10.7% of merchandise sales for 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
(2)
Other sales consist primarily of gift card breakage income, credit card bounties and royalties, shipping income, net hunting and fishing license income, sales return allowance and other items.
Stores
Our stores, all of which are based in the U.S., are designed to provide our customers with an easy-in, easy-out shopping experience.  The interior of most of our stores are built around a central “racetrack” aisle that allows customers to efficiently navigate our selling floor.  Additionally, our stores generally have consistent store layouts providing our customers familiarity across our entire store base.  We seek to offer our customers strong merchandise assortment and a localized customer experience, which is facilitated by various types of merchandise fixtures and our large selling floor.  Our central “racetrack” aisle and adjacent end-cap merchandising space allows us to adjust our inventory presentations throughout our various selling seasons.
Our stores average approximately 70,000 gross square feet, of which approximately 85% is dedicated to selling space. Our store locations are typically positioned adjacent to major highways or thoroughfares, allowing customers to easily locate our stores.  We seek to position our stores in areas with certain population densities, demographics and other characteristics to maximize sales.  These markets consist of metropolitan, suburban and smaller cities.  Additionally, our stores are typically placed in retail centers adjacent to co-tenants who drive significant traffic.  At this time, no stores are connected to malls.  We seek to lease all of our stores in long-term lease agreements with third-party landlords, which typically range from 15 to 20 years.  Of the 298 stores operated as of February 1, 2025, 296 are leased from third parties and two stores are owned by the Company.
We are active members of the communities in which we operate, and our long-time customers have grown up with Academy and passed their passion for us on to the next generation, enabling us to benefit from strong customer loyalty and shopping frequency.
9
As of February 1, 2025, the number of stores that we operated, exclusively in the U.S., by state was as follows:
State
Number of Stores
Texas
113
Georgia
20
Florida
19
Louisiana
18
North Carolina
17
Alabama
16
Tennessee
14
Oklahoma
13
Missouri
11
South Carolina
9
Arkansas
9
Mississippi
9
Indiana
8
Kansas
6
Kentucky
6
Illinois
3
Virginia
3
West Virginia
2
Ohio
2
298
We believe our real estate strategy has positioned us well for further expansion, and our track record has demonstrated that we can open and operate stores profitably.  We believe there is significant near-term opportunity for expansion in both new and existing markets.
Marketing
Our marketing approach is anchored in helping active minded families have fun in their pursuit of sports and outdoors activities. The strategy is designed to generate awareness and consideration for the Academy brand while improving intent to purchase across the broad selection of fun categories, top national and private brands at a compelling value within our sporting goods assortment.

We analyze first party data from across our customer data platform and data science environments, customer insights studies and retail industry market share data sources to develop annual and seasonal go to market strategies that lead to creation of engaging content and customer experiences that are communicated across a diverse range of owned and paid media channels. 
Additionally, we utilize the customer data platform to generate first party data audiences for targeted customer lifecycle management campaigns designed to retain current customers and encourage omnichannel shopping behaviors. First party data is also used to inform creation of third party data audiences across a mix of media channels to drive engagement and acquisition of new customers through the use of brand designed, influencer and customer created content.

These campaigns are executed across a blend of digital and traditional, including paid search, email, text message, mobile app, digital advertising networks, affiliates, and social media along with linear and digital video, audio, print, outdoor and direct mail.

10
We are focused on implementing and continually improving our customer centric marketing technologies, omnichannel services and experiences to save customers time and money while improving the long term health of our customer portfolio.  In July 2024, we launched our myAcademy loyalty program, which provides us a powerful tool to build a deeper connection and understanding of our customers. The Academy Credit Card program, myAcademy loyalty program, and Academy Sports + Outdoors app are foundational to build loyalty among customers while providing a seamless omnichannel shopping experience.
We are committed to making a positive impact on the communities we serve and partner with over 542 organizations, including youth sports leagues that reach approximately 600,000 participants.  We also partner with school districts, Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCUs), collegiate and professional sports properties, local parks, hunting and fishing organizations, military bases and local first responders.
Distribution Centers
We operate three distribution centers in Katy, Texas; Twiggs County, Georgia; and Cookeville, Tennessee.  The distribution centers receive and store products from vendors and use sophisticated sorting and logistical equipment to fill the product needs of the retail store locations they serve, as well as to fulfill e-commerce orders.  Our distribution centers are leased under long-term agreements.  Third-party trucking companies are used to disburse inventory from the distribution centers to and from our stores. These distribution centers are strategically located throughout our footprint to efficiently serve our retail locations and have the capacity to service up to approximately 125 stores per distribution center.
Information Systems
Our information systems are critical to our day-to-day operations as well as to our long-term growth strategies.  Our technology is integrated across multiple functions throughout the organization, providing the data analysis, automation and solutions necessary to support our communications, inventory and supply chain management, store operations, distribution, point-of-sale, e-commerce, customer, financial reporting and accounting functions.  Our technology is the foundation of our merchandising and marketing functions; it processes our customers’ orders and integrates our e-commerce sales with stores.  We are leveraging our data to make more informed decisions around inventory, marketing, store-level operations, and customer engagement.  We have agreements with third parties to provide hosting services and administrative support for portions of our infrastructure, and utilize cloud-based systems in addition to those hosted on premises.
Seasonality
Our business is subject to seasonal fluctuations.  A significant portion of our net sales and profits is driven by summer holidays, such as Memorial Day, Father’s Day and Independence Day, during the second quarter.  Our net sales and profits are also impacted by the August/September back-to-school selling season during the third quarter and November/December holiday selling season, and in part by the sales of cold weather sporting goods and apparel during the fourth quarter.
Our Team Members
Our missi
on is to provide “Fun for All” and a critical component to our success is our people.  As of February 1, 2025, we employed approximately 22,000 team members in the U.S. and eleven team members in Hong Kong.  Of those team members, approximately 45% were full-time and 55% were part-time.  Our employment levels may fluctuate over the course of the year due to the seasonality of our business.  None of our team 
members are covered by collective bargaining agreements.  The Company believes that it has a good working relationship with its team members.
11
Culture and Core Values.

 We strive to provide rewarding careers, benefits, and a workplace culture where team members are empowered to be their authentic self—drawing on their unique perspectives, passions, skills, interests, and experiences in their day-to-day jobs.  Our core values establish a strong foundation for our culture and represent the key expectations we have of our team members.  These include the following:
•
Customer focus and service
•
Excellence in all we do
•
Responsible leadership
•
Initiative with urgency
•
Students of the business
•
Integrity always
•
Positive impact on our communities
Talent Management. 
 We believe the best way to serve our customers is to invest in top talent, be open to innovation, and have the vision to succeed.  We are focused on creating a winning team by recruiting and retaining great people, promoting teamwork, and fostering an enjoyable and rewarding work environment.  We also strive to provide all team members with opportunities for personal growth, cross functional training, job opportunities and career advancement.  We offer a mix of instructor-led, online, and blended courses in several key areas, including Career Development and Leadership Development.  Our wide variety of courses ranges from job specific (i.e., functional) to broad based leadership training to safety, security, ethics, and compliance training.  We also engage in regular and ongoing feedback, annual performance reviews and annual talent calibration conversations.  Succession planning is conducted on an annual basis to identify suitable internal candidates for key positions within the Company.
Compensation and Benefits.  
We offer a competitive compensation and benefits package. Our benefits package is designed to allow team members the ability to pick and choose which benefits are the best for their and their family’s health and well-being.  Depending on the team member’s employment and work status, they may be eligible for: medical, dental, and vision insurance; participation in the Company’s 401(k) Plan with a six percent dollar for dollar match up to the IRS deferral limit; participation in the Company’s Employee Stock Purchase Plan which provides a 15 percent discount on the lower of the stock price at the beginning or the end of each offering period; paid time off and paid vacations; the ability for team members to get a portion of their earnings paid daily; tuition reimbursement programs; professional license/certification reimbursement; medical, family, and bereavement leave; additional voluntary short/long term, life, legal, pet, and accident insurance; paid maternity and parental leave; and a 20 percent team member discount on most all of our merchandise, to name a few. We also provide, in all our distribution centers and our Katy corporate office, subsidized meals for all team members at our onsite café and an annual health and benefits fair. Specific to our Katy corporate office, we engage our team members through the opportunity to participate in intramural sport teams, 5K fun walk/run events, subsidized membership in the company gym and exercise classes (this is also open to our Katy distribution team members);  onsite dental and car wash service; and a company holiday party and other team member appreciation events.
Workplace, Health and Safety. 
 The health and safety of our customers, team members, and communities is our top priority.  We strive to ensure that a safe and hygienic working environment is provided and that occupational health and safety practices which prevent accidents and injury are promoted.  Throughout our stores, distribution centers, and corporate headquarters, we employ policies, procedures, and training to promote safe and healthy work environments.
Our team member handbook outlines safety expectations, but we also empower our team members with knowledge and skills from various safety training courses during the onboarding process and on an ongoing basis through our learning engagement system with topics such as incident reporting, evacuation, active shooter response, hazardous materials, and heat safety.  We continue to focus on developing and driving our safety-first culture through awareness, training, and actions to reduce the frequency and severity of safety incidents.
Information about our Executive Officers
Below is a list of our executive officers, their respective ages as of March 20, 2025 and a brief account of the business experience of each of them.
12
Name
Age
Position
Steven (Steve) P. Lawrence
57 
Chief Executive Officer
Samuel (Sam) J. Johnson
58 
President
Earl Carlton (Carl) Ford IV
47 
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Matthew (Matt) M. McCabe
54 
Executive Vice President and Chief Merchandising Officer
Steven (Steve) P. Lawrence
 has served as Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Board of Directors since June 2023.  Mr. Lawrence joined the Company in February 2019 as Executive Vice President and Chief Merchandising Officer. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Lawrence was President, Chief Executive Officer and served on the board of directors at francesca’s from October 2016 to January 2019.  From May 2012 to September 2016, he served as Chief Merchandising Officer at Stage Stores.  Mr. Lawrence also spent nearly 12 years working in various merchandising leadership roles at J.C. Penney after 10 years at Foley’s/May Co. Mr. Lawrence obtained his Bachelor of Business Administration in Finance from the University of Notre Dame.
Samuel (Sam) J. Johnson 
has served as President since October 2023.  Mr. Johnson joined the Company in April 2017 as Executive Vice President, Retail Operations. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Johnson spent seven years with hhgregg, Inc., where he most recently served as Chief Retail Officer. While a
t hhgregg, Inc., he led functions including store operations, customer relations, commercial sales, real estate and visual merchandising. Prior to hhgregg, Inc., he spent more than 20 years in various leadership roles with Sears Holdings Corporation, including Vice President of Small Stores
.
Earl Carlton (Carl) Ford IV 
has served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since July 2023. Mr. Ford joined the Company in January 2019, and served as the Senior Vice President, Finance, where he led the Financial Planning and Analysis function of the Company from January 2019 to July 2023 and the Loss Prevention and Inventory Control teams from February 2020 to July 2023. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Ford served as the Vice President of Financial Planning & Analysis at Belk, Inc. He also served as the Vice President of Internal Audit and held other leadership roles in accounting and treasury during his 15 years at Belk, Inc. Prior to joining Belk, Inc., Mr. Ford worked for Deloitte & Touche in their Audit practice. Mr. Ford holds a master's degree in accounting from the University of Alabama, a bachelor's degree in accounting from the University of Southern Mississippi and is an active Certified Public Accountant.
Matthew (Matt) McCabe 
has served as the Executive Vice President and Chief Merchandising Officer since June 2023. Mr. McCabe joined the Company in December 2016 as the Vice President, Divisional Merchandise Manager of Athletic and Licensed Apparel and served as the Senior Vice President, General Merchandise Manager of Footwear from September 2017 to June 2023. In this role, he was responsible for setting the merchandising objectives and business strategy for the Footwear division. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. McCabe served as Vice President at Golfsmith International, where he led the apparel, footwear and soft consumables buying and private brand businesses. He has more than 25 years of experience in men's and women's apparel and footwear, and held various leadership roles at The Bon Ton Department Stores, Bachrach, Sears & Roebuck Co., and Mark Shale. Mr. McCabe holds a Bachelor of Science from Miami University.
Intellectual Property
Our trademarks, service marks, copyrights, patents, processes, trade secrets, domain names and other intellectual property, including our Academy Sports + Outdoors brand, our private label brands, such as Academy Sports + Outdoors, Magellan Outdoors, BCG, O’rageous, Game Winner, Outdoor Gourmet and Freely, and our designs, names, slogans, images and trade dress associated with these brands, are valuable assets that are critical to our success.
We also enter into intellectual property agreements whereby the Company receives the right to use third-party owned trademarks typically in exchange for royalties on sales.  These agreements typically contain a one to three-year term and contractual payment amounts required to be paid by the Company.
13
Governmental Regulations
We operate in a complex regulatory and legal environment that exposes us to regulatory, compliance and litigation risks that could materially affect our operations and financial results.  Specifically, we are subject to regulation by numerous federal, state and local regulatory agencies and authorities, including the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission, Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, Department of Labor, Occupational Safety and Health Administration, Department of Justice, Department of Treasury, Federal Trade Commission, Customs and Border Protection, Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, SEC, Internal Revenue Service, or IRS, and Environmental Protection Agency and comparable state and local agencies.
Laws and regulations affecting our business may change, sometimes frequently and significantly, as a result of political, economic, social or other events.  Some of the federal, state or local laws and regulations that affect us include but are not limited to:
•
consumer product safety, product liability or consumer protection laws;
•
laws related to advertising, marketing, pricing and selling our products, including but not limited to firearms, ammunition, and related accessories;
•
labor and employment laws, including wage and hour laws and forced labor prevention laws;
•
tax laws or interpretations thereof, including collection of state sales tax on e-commerce sales;
•
data protection and privacy laws and regulations;
•
environmental laws and regulations;
•
hazardous material laws and regulations;
•
customs or import and export laws and regulations, including collection of tariffs on product imports;
•
intellectual property laws;
•
antitrust and competition regulations;
•
banking and anti-money laundering regulations;
•
Americans with Disabilities Act, or ADA, and similar state and local laws and regulations;
•
website design and content regulations;
•
U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or FCPA, the U.K. Bribery Act, or UKBA, and other anti-corruption laws; and         
•
securities and exchange laws and regulations.
We are a federally licensed firearms dealer, and we sell firearms, ammunition, and related accessories.  Firearms represented approximately 
6% of our net sales in 2024.  Numerous federal, state and local laws and regulations govern the procurement, transportation, storage, distribution and sale and marketing of firearms, ammunition, and related accessories, including the regulations governing the performance of federally and state mandated procedures for determining customer firearm purchase eligibility (such as age and residency verification, background checks and proper completion of required paperwork).  In June 2021, the United States Department of Justice announced a new policy to underscore zero tolerance for willful violations of the law by federally licensed firearms dealers that put public safety at risk.  In the future, there may be increased federal, state or local regulation and enforcement affecting the sale of firearms, ammunition, and related accessories, including taxation or restrictions on the type of firearms and ammunition available for retail sale, which could reduce our sales and profitability.
For additional information, see the risk factors herein in “