Item 1A. Risk Factors.
Pressures from various global and national macroeconomic events, including heightened inflation, uncertainty regarding future interest rates, foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, recent adverse weather conditions, geo-political events, and potential governmental responses to these events have created, and continue to create, significant economic uncertainty and could materially and adversely impact our financial performance. 
The extent to which these macroeconomic pressures may impact our business, results of operations, costs and financial condition will depend on future developments, which continue to be highly uncertain and difficult to predict. While we have planned for and anticipate continued softening of demand within our markets into 2025, any one or more of the above macroeconomic factors could result in a more severe and longer downturn and/or increased costs, which would have an adverse and potentially material impact on our business and financial performance.
We may be impacted by new tariffs and duties on U.S. imports and foreign export sales and changes in import/export regulations.
 Instability of established free trade agreements, the potential imposition of new or increased tariffs on U.S. imports or exports, and potential changes to import/export regulations may lead to raw material and finished goods price volatility as well as instability and uncertainty in our supply chain. The new Trump administration has indicated its intent to evaluate key aspects of U.S. trade policy, and there has been ongoing commentary regarding potential significant changes to U.S. trade policies, treaties, and tariffs. These changes could both be material and implemented in a relatively short timeframe, which makes planning and risk mitigation difficult. 
​
An increase in foreign tariffs on U.S. goods could curtail our export sales to other countries, which were approximately $258.9 million in 2024. Increased tariffs and duties on U.S. imports will increase pricing by adding duty cost, where the duty is sustainable in light of overall unit price, or otherwise constrain supply by eliminating historical production sources by country or commodity type with unsustainable duties. Our purchases that were impacted by tariffs were approximately $390.9 million in 2024, including UFP’s U.S. import of Canadian Softwood Lumber of approximately $211.8 million, which is the largest imported commodity. In addition, there is a risk that U.S. tariffs on imports and countering tariffs on U.S. exports could trigger broader international trade conflicts that could adversely impact our business.
We may be impacted by a significant change in the value of the U.S. dollar and our results of operations may be harmed by currency fluctuations and inflation. 
We purchase a variety of raw materials and finished goods from sources around the world and export certain products. The impact of a change in U.S. dollar exchange rates, and inflation, would impact our import purchases and export sales, which totaled $390.9 million and $258.9 million respectively, in 2024. In addition, many of our packaging customers export their products; consequently, any adverse impact on those customers from currency fluctuations and inflation may have an adverse impact on our sales to those customers.
Our growth may be limited by the customer demand in the markets we serve, including our construction market which is highly cyclical. 
Our sales growth is dependent, in part, upon the growth of the markets we serve. If our markets do not achieve anticipated growth, or if we fail to maintain our market share, financial results could be impaired.
We are subject to fluctuations in the price of lumber
. We experience significant fluctuations in the cost of commodity lumber products from primary producers (the "Lumber Market"). A variety of factors over which we have no control, including government and environmental regulations, weather conditions, economic conditions, and natural disasters, impact the cost of lumber products and our selling prices. While we attempt to minimize our risk from severe price fluctuations, substantial, prolonged trends in lumber prices can affect our sales, cost of materials, and gross profits. Our products are generally priced to the customer based on a quoted, fixed selling price or "indexed" to the Lumber Market with a fixed dollar adder to cover conversion costs and profit. The impact on our profitability from changes in lumber prices is discussed in the “Historical Lumber Prices” and "Impact of the Lumber Market on Our Operating Results" captions of our Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations section under Item 7 of this Form 10-K. Our lumber costs, including plywood, as a percentage of net sales were 40.4% in 2024.
A significant portion of our sales are concentrated with two customers
. Our sales to The Home Depot and Lowes comprised 17% and 11%, respectively, of our total net sales in fiscal 2024, 17% and 12%, respectively, in 2023, and 15% and 11%, respectively, in 2022.
8

Table of Contents
We may be impacted by vertical integration strategies.
 In certain markets and product lines, our customers or vendors could pursue vertical integration strategies that could have an adverse effect on our sales. We strive to add value and be a low-cost producer while maintaining competitive pricing in each of our markets to mitigate this risk.
We may be impacted by industry capacity of products we supply. 
From time to time, we may experience excess capacity among suppliers of certain products in some of the markets we serve. Our selling prices and profitability are impacted during periods of shortages or excess industry capacity relative to market demand. We may also experience limited capacity among suppliers of certain products as a result of supply chain challenges, which may impact our profitability and ability to meet sales objectives.
Our growth may be limited by our ability to make successful acquisitions. 
A key component of our growth strategy is to complete business combinations. Business combinations involve inherent risks, including assimilation and successfully managing growth. While we conduct extensive due diligence and have taken steps to ensure successful assimilation, factors beyond our control could influence the relative success of these acquisitions.
We may be adversely affected by the impact of environmental and safety regulations. 
We are subject to the requirements of federal, state, and local environmental and occupational health and safety laws and regulations. There can be no assurance that we are at all times in complete compliance with all of these requirements. We have made and will continue to make capital and other expenditures to comply with environmental regulations. If additional laws and regulations are enacted, which restrict our ability to manufacture and market our products, including our treated lumber products, it could adversely affect our sales and profits. Changes in the interpretation of existing laws could also adversely impact our financial results.
Seasonality and weather conditions, including those arising from climate change, could adversely affect us
. Some aspects of our business are seasonal in nature and results of operations vary from quarter to quarter. In addition, the majority of our products sold to the Retail and Construction markets are used or installed in outdoor construction applications; therefore, short-term sales volume, productivity and gross profits can be negatively affected by adverse weather conditions, particularly in our first and fourth quarters. To the extent changes in the world’s climate have a greater impact on adverse weather conditions, we would expect more variability in our business operations and results. Climate change, which could result in more and more severe and adverse weather events, would likely create greater volatility in our financial results. In addition, it is possible that new legislation or regulation enacted to address the impact of climate change could increase costs for us and our suppliers, including costs associated with raw materials, energy, production, transportation, environmental monitoring and reporting, and capital expenditures.
Inbound and outbound transportation costs represent a significant part of our cost structure. 
An increase in fuel and other operating expenses will significantly increase our costs. While we attempt to pass these costs along to our customers, there can be no assurance that they would agree to these price increases. Our total inbound and outbound transportation costs were approximately 7.8%, 9.4%, and 7.4% of net sales in 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively.
New alternatives may be developed to replace traditional treated wood products. 
The manufacturers of wood preservatives continue to develop new preservatives. While we believe treated products are reasonably priced relative to alternative products such as composites or vinyl, new alternatives may impact the sales of treated wood products. In addition, new preservatives could increase our cost of treating products in the future.
Cybersecurity breaches or other failures in our information technology systems could disrupt our business. 
We rely upon information technology systems and network products and the secure operation of these systems and products. Despite security measures, these systems and products may be vulnerable to physical damage, hackers, computer viruses, or breaches due to errors or malfeasance by employees, vendors, or customers. We have experienced such events in the past and, although past events were immaterial, future events may occur and may be material. Our failure to successfully identify and manage these risks and uncertainties could disrupt our operations and increase our costs, which could negatively impact our results of operations.
9

Table of Contents
Our financial results could be negatively impacted by costs associated with product liability, casualty, manufacturing and construction defects, and other claims. 
From time to time, we are exposed to claims relating to product liability, casualty events, manufacturing and construction defects, and similar claims, including as the result of the conduct of our employees and subcontractors. These claims could have a negative impact on our results of operation and financial condition, including through increased litigation costs, insurance-related costs, and damage to our reputation and customer relationships.
We may be adversely affected by the impact of pandemics and similar outbreaks.
 Disease outbreaks could have an adverse impact on the Company's operations and financial results. These outbreaks may adversely impact our business, consolidated results of operations and financial condition. Any such outbreak, as well as measures taken by governmental authorities and businesses to limit the spread of any outbreak, may result in adverse changes in customer demand and our sales, interfere with the ability of our employees and suppliers to perform and function in a manner consistent with targeted objectives and otherwise adversely impact the efficiency of our operations. This may cause us to materially curtail certain segments and could have a material adverse effect on the results of our operations and cash flow.
Adverse economic conditions and our customers’ ability to operate may impact their ability to pay.
 This may result in higher write-offs of receivables than we normally experience. We continue to monitor our customers’ business activities, payment patterns, and credit profiles carefully and make changes in our terms when necessary in response to this risk. As a result, our accounts receivable aging as of December 28, 2024 was approximately 90% current. Our bad debt expense as a percentage of sales was 0.05%, 0.03%, and 0.15%, in 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. During the most difficult collection period of the Great Recession, from 2008 through 2010, our bad debt expense as a percentage of sales averaged 0.25%.
Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments.
Not applicable.
Item 1C. Cybersecurity.
Cybersecurity Overview.
At UFP Industries, we recognize the importance of managing cybersecurity risks to protect our operations, data, and stakeholders. Our program is aligned with industry-recognized frameworks, including the NIST Cybersecurity Framework and CIS Top 18 Security Controls. We employ a structured approach to identify, assess, and manage potential threats, ensuring our defenses are proactive and multi-layered. Regular reviews and third-party assessments help us adapt to evolving risks, while our incident response plan and business continuity strategies are designed to minimize any operational impact from cybersecurity incidents.
​
Risk Management and Strategy.
Risks from Cybersecurity Threats
. Information relating to risks from cybersecurity threats is included in this report in Item 1A under the caption “
Cybersecurity breaches or other failures in our information technology systems could disrupt our business
.” Our cybersecurity risk management program is designed to evaluate material threats and vulnerabilities throughout the organization and their potential impact on our operations, data, and stakeholders. Our program is reviewed and updated regularly to address emerging risks, following the NIST Cybersecurity Framework, NIST Risk Management Framework, and CIS Top 18 Security Controls.
We manage cybersecurity risks through a three-step process:
1.
Identify
 We assess our critical operational assets and those that may attract threat actors, identifying any cyber activities that could diminish asset value, hinder operational capabilities, or covertly grant access to threat actors.
10

Table of Contents
2.
Assess
 We evaluate the exposure of our assets to identified cyber risks and determine the potential operational or reputational impact if access or utilization is compromised. This assessment includes determining the materiality of these risks based on their potential impact.
3.
Manage
 We have implemented a multi-layered defense strategy designed to secure asset access and prevent unauthorized access. We prioritize our defenses based on cost-effectiveness and risk reduction potential, using administrative, procedural, and technical controls.
To improve our cybersecurity posture, we regularly engage 
third-party
 consultants for penetration testing, risk assessments, and control audits. We also monitor 
third-party
 service providers, particularly those with access to sensitive data, through contractual and oversight mechanisms designed to mitigate and monitor risks continuously.
We work proactively to prevent, detect, and minimize the impact of cybersecurity incidents through a structured incident response plan. This plan is tested and reviewed regularly with simulated incidents. We maintain business continuity, contingency, and recovery plans designed to maintain resilience during incidents. Lessons learned from past incidents are 
integrated
 into our governance, policies, and technology to strengthen our defenses.
As of this filing, we have not experienced any cybersecurity breach that has 
materially
 impacted our business or financial condition, nor have we identified any risks from cybersecurity threats that have materially impacted or are reasonably likely to materially impact us, including our business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition. However, we recognize that our operations involve the collection, transmission, and storage of sensitive data, which may expose us to cybersecurity threats, including unauthorized access and cyberattacks. We remain committed to identifying and managing these risks as part of our business strategy and operations.
Board of Directors and Management Governance.
Management’s Role
. Primary 
responsibility
 for risk management, including cybersecurity risks, lies with management. Our management team actively assesses and manages material cybersecurity risks through a structured framework. The 
CIO and Director of Cybersecurity
 lead our efforts in managing these risks:
●
CIO
. With over 20 years of experience in the information technology space, the CIO brings expertise and strategic insight to cybersecurity, compliance, enterprise architecture, systems resilience, and digital transformation to UFP Industries.
●
Director of Cybersecurity
. With over 30 years of experience in the information technology space, including systems architecture, management, and cybersecurity risk management, the Director reports directly to the CIO and is responsible for day-to-day cybersecurity operations.
Our cross-functional cybersecurity team, composed of experts with decades of combined experience, supports the CIO and Director in implementing our cybersecurity program. This team consults with legal, HR, and IT specialists to assess the materiality of cybersecurity risks and incidents, using a well-established Incident Response Plan that includes clear escalation measures.
Board of Directors Oversight
. The role of the Board of Directors with respect to our cybersecurity program is one of oversight of management, and the Board has delegated primary oversight authority over the program to the Audit Committee.  The 
Audit Committee
 oversees these risks as outlined in its Charter, which mandates reviewing the company's information technology framework, practices, and implemented controls to monitor and mitigate IT risks.
The Audit Committee meets quarterly and receives 
reports
 and briefings from the CIO, Director of Cybersecurity, and the cybersecurity team on emerging threats, risk status, and mitigation strategies. The Committee engages with the cybersecurity team to increase their understanding of the specific issues facing the Company and to challenge the team as appropriate. The Committee also may consult external cybersecurity experts as needed to fulfill its oversight role.  The Audit Committee regularly reports to the Board on matters addressed during the Committee’s quarterly meetings, including any material cybersecurity risks or developments.
11

Table of Contents
Processes for Monitoring and Mitigating Cybersecurity Risks and Incidents.

We employ a structured approach to monitor and mitigate risks through:
●
Regular network and system monitoring for potential threats.
●
Regular vulnerability assessments and penetration testing.
●
Implementation of technical controls such as firewalls, intrusion detection systems, and encryption.
●
Employee training and awareness programs.
●
Incident response plans designed for swift and effective mitigation.
●
Software and vendor risk assessments.
●
Vulnerability management solutions prioritizing patching based on risk.
●
Privileged account management solutions for administrative access.
These measures aim to prevent, detect, and respond to cybersecurity incidents effectively. They are regularly reviewed and updated to adapt to evolving threats.
In the event of an incident, our Incident Response Plan, which takes into account the perceived materiality of the incident with an appropriate escalation matrix, guides our response. Incident reports are compiled, reviewed by management, and shared with the CIO, CFO, the Audit Committee, and other key leaders, as appropriate, for resource allocation and risk mitigation planning.