Item 1. Business.
General Development of the Business.
UFP Industries, Inc. (“we,” “our,” “the Company,” or “UFP”) is a holding company with subsidiaries throughout the United States, Mexico, Canada, Spain, India, United Arab Emirates and Australia that design, manufacture and supply products made from wood, wood and non-wood composites, and other materials to three markets: retail, packaging, and construction. We are headquartered in Grand Rapids, Michigan.
Information relating to current developments in our business is incorporated by reference from our Annual Report to Shareholders for the fiscal year ended December 28, 2024 ("2024 Annual Report") under the caption "Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations." Selected portions of the 2024 Annual Report are presented under Item 8 herein with this Form 10-K Report.
Financial Information About Segments.
ASC 280, 
Segment Reporting
 (“ASC 280”) defines operating segments as components of an enterprise about which separate financial information is available that is evaluated regularly by the chief operating decision maker in deciding how to allocate resources and in assessing performance.
Our business segments consist of UFP Retail Solutions, UFP Packaging and UFP Construction and align with the end markets we serve. Among other things, this structure allows for a specialized and consistent sales approach among Company operations, efficient use of resources and capital, and quicker introduction of new products and services. We manage the operations of our individual locations primarily through a market-centered reporting structure under which each location is included in a business unit and business units are included in our Retail, Packaging, and Construction segments. In the case of locations that serve multiple segments, results are allocated and accounted for by segment.
The exception to this market-centered reporting and management structure is our International segment, which comprises our Mexico, Canada, Spain, India, United Arab Emirates and Australia operations, and sales and buying offices in other parts of the world. Our International segment and Ardellis, our insurance captive, are referred to as “All Other” throughout this report. 
The Corporate segment includes purchasing, transportation, corporate ventures, and administrative functions that serve our operating segments. Operating results of Corporate primarily consist of net sales to external customers initiated by UFP Purchasing and UFP Transportation and over (under) allocated costs. The operating results of UFP Real Estate, Inc., which owns and leases real estate, and UFP Transportation Ltd., which owns, leases and operates transportation equipment, are also included in the Corporate column. Inter-company lease and service charges are assessed to our operating segments for the use of these assets and services at fair market value rates.
Narrative Description of Business.
Historically, we owned and operated a number of manufacturing facilities across North America that served our various markets, and we managed those operations primarily on a geographic basis. As part of that structure, the managers of those facilities and geographic business units were responsible for and compensated on the basis of each facility's, unit's, and region's respective financial performance. This structure fostered a strong entrepreneurial and sales culture, as well as significant revenue growth – from 2011 to 2019 our revenues increased from $1.8 billion to $4.4 billion. We believe that the duration and durability of our relationships with many of our customers, which extend over several decades with certain key customers, is a reflection of our strong sales culture and intense focus on providing custom solutions.
2

Table of Contents
The growth in our business, and in the size and number of our customers, generated an increased need for a deeper understanding of the markets we serve, as well as the need to offer more complete solutions, services, and products for existing and prospective customers. That need, combined with our growth objectives, required a structure that would reorient the Company’s focus from geography to end markets. Our 2020 restructuring accomplished that objective and now allows us to better serve our customers, recognize and exploit market opportunities, enhance the efficiency of our operations, and improve the deployment of capital. At the same time, we continue to maintain our existing compensation philosophy and practices of rewarding the financial performance of our plants, business units, and segments, based upon pre-bonus operating profits and return on investment, to preserve our strong entrepreneurial and sales culture.
Our business segments are functionally interdependent and are supported by common corporate services, such as accounting and finance, information technology, human resources, legal and compliance, and others. We regularly invest in automation and create best practices to improve the efficiency of our manufacturing facilities across each of the segments. The results and improvements from these investments are shared among the segments. This exchange of improvements and ideas has also prompted better and faster innovation for new products, processes, and product improvements.
Importantly, the restructuring allows us to better evaluate market conditions and opportunities, while effectively allocating capital and resources to the appropriate segments and business units. Also, we believe that the diversification and manner in which we operate our business provides an inherent hedge against the inevitable business cycles that our markets experience and over which we have little control. Accordingly, our goal is to provide stable earnings and cash flows to our shareholders. Our diversification and operating practices also mitigate the impact of volatile lumber market conditions experienced by traditional lumber companies.
Retail Solutions segment
. Our Retail Solutions segment is comprised of the following business units: ProWood, Deckorators and UFP-Edge. The segment is focused on distinct product offerings which are grouped by brands and business units. These groupings may change periodically as opportunities to gain efficiencies occur or new products that deliver increased scale and synergy are developed.
ProWood
. Our ProWood business unit manufactures and sells pressure-treated lumber products, including decking, fencing, and lattice, as well as decorative and functional lawn and garden products to building products retailers across the U.S. This business unit includes our branded ProWood line of pressure-treated and fire-retardant products used primarily for outdoor decking environments, including associated accessories. It also includes our branded Outdoor Essentials line of lawn and garden products, consisting of wood and vinyl fencing and lattice, garden beds and planters, pergolas, picnic tables, and other landscaping products. Numerous pressure-treaters exist on local and regional scales with none approaching the volume sold by UFP. We estimate we produce approximately 28% of all residential treated wood, 17% of all wood fencing, and 7% of all fire-retardant wood products within the U.S.
Deckorators
. This business unit includes the manufacture of wood plastic composite and our patented Surestone mineral based composite decking and related decking accessories, including aluminum railing systems, balusters, post caps, and similar products, as well as customized, aluminum fencing. Customers include big box home improvement retailers, regional home centers and wholesale distributors. We estimate we manufacture approximately 6-8% of all composite decking and railing in the U.S.
UFP-Edge
. This business unit manufactures and sells exterior siding, pattern, trim and facia products. These products include traditional wood, engineered wood and modified wood siding with a variety of finish and profile alternatives as well as primed wood trim boards and facia. The products also include interior pattern and trim products, as well as pre-painted and primed shiplap and project boards. UFP-Edge is sold to home improvement retailers and two-step distributors.
UFP Retail Solutions has numerous competitive advantages. We are not aware of any competitor that currently manufactures, treats and distributes a full line of both value-added and commodity-based products, on a national basis, as we do within this segment. We believe the breadth of our product offering, scale and geographic dispersion, proximity of our plants to core customers and key vendors, product innovation initiatives, purchasing and manufacturing expertise, procurement advantages, and service capabilities provide us a competitive edge in this market. 
3

Table of Contents
We supply customers in this segment from many of our locations. Our facilities supply mixed truckloads of products delivered to customers with rapid turnaround. Freight costs are a factor in the ability to competitively service this market, especially with treated wood products due to their weight. The proximity of our manufacturing facilities to customer locations is factored into annual sales programs. The Retail segment services two of our largest customers, The Home Depot and Lowes, which accounted for approximately 17% and 11%, respectively, of our total net sales in fiscal 2024, 17% and 12%, respectively, in 2023, and 15% and 11%, respectively, in 2022.
See Note M "Segment Reporting" to our consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 28, 2024 in item 8 for our disaggregated net sales by business unit for our Retail Solutions segment.
Packaging segment
. Formerly known as our Industrial segment, it is comprised of the following business units: Structural Packaging, PalletOne, and Protective Packaging Solutions.
Structural Packaging
. This business unit designs, engineers, manufactures and tests custom packaging products primarily made of wood and metal. These products are custom designed, often including mixed materials, and manufactured based upon specific customer needs and requirements. We serve a wide variety of regional, national, and global customers in several end markets such as building materials, durable goods, agricultural, moving and storage, heavy equipment and automotive. We utilize combinations of various materials through industrial engineering and testing to promote the best value and functionality for our customers. In Structural Packaging there are regional companies that produce similar product lines and small single-location competitors in most of our markets. We estimate our domestic market share in Structural Packaging to be 10-12%.
PalletOne
. This business unit designs and manufactures pallets primarily made of wood and heat-treated wood. Our pallets are designed and manufactured in numerous sizes and configurations and are used by our customers for shipping a wide assortment of consumer and industrial products. This business unit also includes a recycling operation of previously used pallets. Keys to our success in this business unit are low-cost production through expanded automation, including robotics and high efficiency pallet machines, and the procurement of competitively priced industrial grade wood fiber. In 2022 we acquired a 50% equity stake in Dempsey Wood Products, LLC, which produces pallet lumber and other industrial wood products in Orangeburg, South Carolina. The lumber Dempsey produces is a crucial product for pallet operations and has been in short supply as larger mills produce less of this type of lumber. PalletOne’s investment in Dempsey helps it secure and grow a critical long-term supply source. There are numerous local and regional pallet manufacturers that compete with PalletOne. We estimate that, as the largest supplier, we manufacture approximately 8-10% of new machine-built pallets nationally.
Protective Packaging Solutions
. This business unit consists of a wide variety of products, such as corrugate, foam, labels, strapping and films. These products are primarily sold as additional offerings to our structural packaging products and pallets and are generally sold as a means of providing a more complete solution to our customers' packaging needs and requirements. Over the last five years, we have added additional products and services to this business unit to meet the increasing demand of our customers to provide a wider array of innovative solutions to their packaging and shipping needs. Through the acquisitions of Advantage Label in Grand Rapids, Michigan, and Titan Manufacturing, a highly-automated corrugate converter in Flower Mound, Texas, we have become a manufacturer of labels and corrugate boxes, two significant growth categories for UFP Packaging.
Competitive advantages for UFP Packaging include: being a low cost pallet producer due to our supply agreements, investments in vertical integration, and level of automation in our manufacturing plants; our scale and ability to serve large global, national and regional customers; design and engineering expertise, coupled with our ability to manufacture structural packaging with mixed materials, allowing us to provide creative, value-added solutions to our customers; and serving as a single-source supplier offering a wide breadth of products, allowing customers to buy more efficiently.
We plan to acquire companies across the industrial packaging spectrum with capabilities in product categories that allow us to fill geographical gaps that enhance our ability to offer valuable packaging solutions to our customers.
See Note M "Segment Reporting" to our consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 28, 2024 in item 8 for our disaggregated net sales by business unit for our Packaging segment.
4

Table of Contents
Construction segment.
 Our Construction segment is comprised of the following business units – Factory-Built Housing, Site-Built Construction, Commercial Construction, and Concrete Forming.
Factory-Built Housing
. This business unit designs and manufactures roof trusses, cut-to-size dimensional and board lumber, plywood, and oriented strand board, all intended for use in the construction of manufactured housing. Our customers in this market are producers of mobile, modular and prefabricated homes and, to a lesser extent, recreational vehicles (RV) and cargo trailers. Our principal competitive advantages include our product knowledge, the strength of our engineering support services, the proximity of our regional facilities to our customers, our purchasing and manufacturing expertise and our ability to provide national sales programs to certain customers. As a result of these advantages, we estimate we produce approximately 35% of all roof trusses used in factory-built housing in the United States. We also distribute products such as siding, electrical, plumbing, and many other specialty products to factory-built housing and RV customers. Customer vertical integration strategies have affected us in certain regions, and we’ve taken steps to mitigate this risk by increasing our value as a supplier through innovation and low cost production.
Site-Built Construction
. This business unit designs and manufactures roof and floor trusses, wall panels, I-joists and lumber packages as well as engineered wood components used to frame residential and light commercial projects. Historical acquisitions, including Atlantic Prefab, Inc., Exterior Designs, LLC, Patriot Building Systems, LLC, and Endurable Building Products have given the Company manufacturing capability in alternate material components such as metal trusses, sheathed and pre-finished light gauge metal wall panels and aluminum balconies, decks and rail accessories. We also provide framing services for builders in certain regional markets in which we erect the wood structure. We’ve made a variety of investments in automation, allowing us to enhance efficiency and capacity in numerous UFP Construction operations. Our recently launched proprietary smartphone application, TrussTrax, provides a convenient, simple way for builders to track orders, shipments and engineered documents 24 hours a day, and has enjoyed wide customer adoption. Our customers in this market are primarily large-volume, multi-tract builders and smaller volume custom builders. We also supply builders engaged in multi-family and light commercial construction. We currently estimate that approximately 65% of the unit's business is for single-family homes while 35% is for multi-family structures.
Competition in site-built construction consists of numerous national and regional building products dealers who also manufacture components and/or provide framing services, as well as regional manufacturers of engineered wood components. We believe our primary competitive advantages relate to the engineering and design capabilities of our staff, purchasing and manufacturing expertise, product quality, timeliness of delivery, and financial strength, as well as providing a comprehensive turn-key package, including installation in selected markets. As a result of these strengths, we estimate we produce approximately 12% of all engineered wood components used in housing in the United States. Generally, terms of sale and pricing are determined based on contracts we enter into with our customers. We currently supply customers in these markets from manufacturing facilities in many different states, primarily located in the non-urban Northeast, mid-Atlantic, Southeast, Texas, and Colorado. We have intentionally avoided markets that have experienced more severe demand volatility for housing. Also, the states in which we have a presence are forecasted to continue to benefit from migration trends in the United States. Freight costs are a factor in the ability to competitively service this market due to the space requirements of these products on each truckload.
Commercial Construction
. Our commercial construction business unit primarily includes the operations of idX Holdings, Inc. idX is a designer, manufacturer and installer of highly customized interior fixtures, casework and architectural millwork used in a variety of retail and commercial structures. This business unit serves customers throughout North America and to a lesser extent, Asia and Europe, in healthcare, hospitality, quick service restaurants, retail, and financial, offering comprehensive, streamlined solutions and customized products while managing programs from concept through completion, on a global scale. We believe we are one of the top five custom interior environment providers globally and the largest diversified custom solutions provider.
Concrete Forming
. This business unit designs, manufactures and supplies wood forms and related products that are used by our customers to set or form concrete for various structures, including large parking garages, stadiums, commercial structures, and infrastructure projects such as bridges. Our customers in this business unit include general contractors as well as distributors. We believe we are unique in our ability to deliver highly engineered, factory-built solutions to job sites.
5

Table of Contents
We believe the diversification of the end markets we serve in our Construction segment as well as the breadth of our products and services represent competitive advantages.
See Note M "Segment Reporting" to our consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 28, 2024 in item 8 for our disaggregated net sales by business unit for our Construction segment.
UFP Purchasing/Suppliers
. Our purchasing team manages and purchases wood fiber for each of our segments. The three main end markets for softwood lumber in North America – retail, construction, and packaging – align with our three business segments We are the largest converter of solid sawn softwood lumber from North American primary producers (lumber mills). For 2024, we estimate we purchased approximately 6.5% of the 54 billion board feet of North America softwood lumber production. The volume and variety of lumber dimensions purchased allows us to consume all grades and dimensions of what many of our mill suppliers produce, effecting and maintaining long-term, beneficial relationships with many of those suppliers. In turn, this has allowed us to better manage our raw materials inventory (including vendor-managed inventory), lower our costs, and mitigate the volatility of lumber prices.
We use primarily southern yellow pine in our pressure-treating operations and our site-built housing, structural packaging, and machine-built pallet operations in the Southeastern United States. Southern yellow pine is sourced from mills ranging from Texas to the Carolinas. We also use spruce-pine-fir from both Eastern and Western Canada; hemlock, douglas fir and cedar from the Pacific Northwest; inland species of pine, plantation grown radiata and southern yellow pines from South America; and various European softwoods. During 2024 our annual purchases of lumber totaled approximately $2.0 billion and consisted of the following species and their respective percent of total lumber purchases: southern yellow pine (68%), spruce-pine-fir (13%), and douglas fir (2%), while the remaining 17% of lumber purchases comprise various other species and imports outside of North America. Additionally, we purchased approximately $608.9 million in plywood in 2024. There are numerous primary producers for all varieties we use, and we are not dependent on any particular source of supply.
Intellectual Property
. We own numerous patents and have several patents pending on technologies related to our business. Examples include our Deckorators brand of composite decking and railing and its proprietary, patented Surestone technology used to produce mineral-based composite decking; Trusstrax, a mobile application offered to our Site-Built customers; and the ProWood brand of pressure-treated lumber and outdoor living products. In addition, we own numerous registered trademarks and claim common law trademark rights to several others. As we develop proprietary brands, we may pursue registration or other formal protection. While we believe our patent and trademark rights are valuable, the loss of a patent or any trademark would not be likely to have a material adverse impact on our competitive position.
Backlog
. Due to the nature of our retail and industrial businesses, backlog information is not meaningful. The maximum time between receipt of a firm order and shipment does not usually exceed a few days. Therefore, we would not normally have a backlog of unfilled orders in a material amount. The relationships with our major customers are such that we are either the exclusive supplier of certain products and/or certain geographic areas, or the designated source for a specified portion of a customer's requirements. In such cases, either we are able to forecast the customer's requirements, or the customer may provide an estimate of its future needs. In neither case, however, will we receive firm orders until just prior to the anticipated delivery dates for the products ordered.
On December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, we estimate that backlog orders associated with our customized interior fixture businesses approximated $41.9 million and $59.2 million, respectively.
On December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, we estimate that backlog orders associated with our site-built construction businesses approximated $74.4 million and $79.7 million, respectively. We expect that the orders above will be primarily filled within the next fiscal year; however, it is possible that some orders could be canceled.
Environmental
. Information required for environmental disclosures is incorporated by reference from Note L of the Consolidated Financial Statements presented under Item 8 herein.
6

Table of Contents
Seasonality
. Information required for seasonality disclosures is incorporated by reference from