ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion contains forward-looking statements based upon current plans, expectations and beliefs involving risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those set forth under Part I, Item 1A. “Risk Factors” or in other sections of this Annual Report on Form 1
0
-K as may be further updated from time to time in our other filings with the SEC.
Business Overview and Highlights
We develop, manufacture, and sell innovative medical products used in infusion systems, infusion consumables and high-value critical care products used in hospital, alternate site and home care settings. Our team is focused on providing quality, innovation and value to our clinical customers worldwide. Our product portfolio includes ambulatory, syringe, and large volume IV pumps and safety software; dedicated and non-dedicated IV sets, needlefree IV connectors, peripheral IV 
42
catheters, and sterile IV solutions; closed system transfer devices and pharmacy compounding systems; as well as a range of respiratory, anesthesia, patient monitoring, and temperature management products.
Global Economic Challenges
We have experienced and may continue to experience significant impacts to our business as a result of global economic challenges, resulting from, among other events, health pandemics and geopolitical conflicts. These impacts, which negatively impacted our gross profit margin during 2023 and 2022, include the impact of rising inflation, especially with respect to freight costs driven by higher fuel prices, increased cost and shortages of raw materials, and supply chain disruptions. While we expect the pressure on the supply chain to lessen and inflation to continue to subside, freight costs are expected to remain subject to volatility in the market. 
We also continue to expect higher interest rates and volatility in foreign currency rates due to the strengthening of the U.S. dollar against most global currencies. Our 2024, 2023 and 2022 financial results were negatively impacted by foreign exchange losses and our results of operations may continue to be impacted in the future. 
More recently, in January 2025, the current administration issued executive orders imposing tariffs on imported goods from Canada, Mexico, and China. In response, Canada announced similar tariffs on U.S. imports. A meaningful portion of our global revenues are from products manufactured in our Mexico manufacturing facilities and imported into the U.S. In addition, Canada is our second largest country in terms of revenue and the vast majority of products sold in Canada are imported from the U.S. The 25% tariff levied on all goods shipped from Mexico to the U.S., combined with the 25% tariff on products shipped from the U.S. to Canada could potentially have a meaningful impact to our costs and any further trade war escalation could increase that impact. 
While we continually monitor the ongoing and evolving impact of the above events on our operations the overall impact remains uncertain and may not be fully reflected in our results of operations until future periods. The overall impact to our results of operations will depend on a number of factors, many of which are out of our control, none of which can be fully predicted at this time. See "Part I.