Item 1.

Business.

Stock Yards Bancorp, Inc. (“Bancorp” or “the Company”), is a FHC headquartered in Louisville, Kentucky and is engaged in the business of banking through its wholly owned subsidiary, Stock Yards Bank & Trust Company (“SYB” or “the Bank”). Bancorp, which was incorporated in 1988 in Kentucky, is registered with, and subject to supervision, regulation and examination by, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. As Bancorp has no significant operations of its own, its business and the business of SYB are essentially the same. The operations of SYB are fully reflected in the consolidated financial statements of Bancorp. Accordingly, references to “Bancorp” in this document may encompass both the holding company and the Bank. All significant inter-company transactions and accounts have been eliminated in consolidation.

SYB, established in 1904, is a state-chartered non-member financial institution that provides services in Louisville, central, eastern and northern Kentucky, as well as the Indianapolis, Indiana and Cincinnati, Ohio metropolitan markets through 72 full service banking center locations. The Bank is registered with, and subject to supervision, regulation and examination by the FDIC and the Kentucky Department of Financial Institutions.

As a result of its acquisition of Commonwealth Bancshares, Inc. on March 7, 2022, Bancorp became the 100% successor owner of three unconsolidated Delaware trust subsidiaries: Commonwealth Statutory Trust III, Commonwealth Statutory Trust IV and Commonwealth Statutory Trust V. The sole assets of the trust subsidiaries represent the proceeds of offerings exchanged for subordinated debentures with similar terms to the related TPS.

As a result of its acquisition of Kentucky Bancshares, Inc. on May 31, 2021, Bancorp became the 100% successor owner of a Nevada-based insurance captive taxed under Section 831(b) of the Internal Revenue Code. On April 10, 2023, the IRS issued a proposed regulation that would potentially classify section 831(b) captive activity as a, “listed transaction,” and possibly disallow the related tax benefits, both prospectively and retroactively. The regulation was finalized in January 2025 and its impact is being evaluated by management. Bancorp elected not to renew the Captive in August of 2023 and ultimately dissolved the Captive in December of 2023. The Captive’s activity is included in the Company’s consolidated financial statements and was included in its 2023 federal income tax return. The Captive’s activity served to reduce Bancorp’s ETR by 0.20% and 0.29% for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively.

Also as a result of its acquisition of Commonwealth Bancshares, Inc., Bancorp acquired a 60% interest in LFA, a Bowling Green, Kentucky-based wealth management services company. Effective December 31, 2022, Bancorp’s partial interest in LFA was sold, resulting in a pre-tax loss of $870,000 recorded in other non-interest expense on the consolidated income statements for the quarter and year ended December 31, 2022. This acquired line of business was not within the Company’s geographic footprint and ultimately did not align with the Company’s long-term strategic model. Net income related to LFA and attributable to Bancorp’s 60% interest, excluding the pre-tax loss on disposition noted above, totaled $483,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022.

5

Table of Contents

General Business Overview

As is the case with most banks, our primary revenue sources are net interest income and fee income from various financial services provided to customers. Net interest income is the difference between interest income earned on loans, investment securities and other interest earning assets less interest expense on deposit accounts and other interest bearing liabilities. Loan volume and interest rates earned on those loans are critical to overall profitability. Similarly, deposit volume is crucial to funding loans and rates paid on deposits directly impact profitability. New business volume is influenced by economic factors including market interest rates, business spending, consumer confidence and competitive conditions within the marketplace, as well as Bancorp’s strong sales focus.

Net interest income accounted for 73% of our total revenues, defined as net interest income plus non-interest income, for the year ended December 31, 2024, compared to 73% and 72% for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively.

Fee income, or non-interest income, is a significant component of our business. Non-interest income represented 27% of total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2024, compared to 27% and 28% for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, demonstrating the value of the diversified revenue streams created by our broad product offerings in addition to income provided by the principal banking activities described above. Our non-interest income is driven by WM&T activities, deposit service charges, debit and credit card services, treasury management services, mortgage banking services, brokerage services and other ancillary activities of the Bank. WM&T revenue, which is our largest source of non-interest income, constituted 45%, 43% and 41% of total non-interest income for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.

Bancorp is divided into two reportable segments: Commercial Banking and WM&T:

Commercial Banking provides a full range of loan and deposit products to individual consumers and businesses in all its markets through retail lending, mortgage banking, deposit services, online banking, mobile banking, private banking, commercial lending, commercial real estate lending, leasing, treasury management services, merchant services, international banking, correspondent banking, credit card services and other banking services. The Bank also offers securities brokerage services via its banking center network through an arrangement with a third party broker-dealer in the Commercial Banking segment. 

WM&T provides investment management, financial & retirement planning and trust & estate services, as well as retirement plan management for businesses and corporations in all markets in which Bancorp operates. The magnitude of WM&T revenue distinguishes Bancorp from other community banks of similar asset size.

For further discussion regarding our business, see “
Item 7. Management
’
s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.
”

Our Business Strategy

Our strategy focuses on building strong relationships with our customers, employees and communities, while maintaining disciplined underwriting standards and a commitment to operational efficiency. By leveraging our comprehensive suite of products and services, we strive to expand our footprint in our home market of Louisville, Kentucky while also cultivating attractive growth opportunities in our other markets of central, eastern and northern Kentucky, Indianapolis, Indiana and Cincinnati, Ohio, and opportunistically pursuing acquisitions.

Key components of our strategy include the following:

Continue to focus on customer relationships and our community banking model 
–

We believe that our reputation, expertise and relationship-based approach to banking enables us to establish long-lasting, full-service customer relationships. We work to leverage our relationships with existing customers by offering a wide range of products and services that are tailored to their needs and financial goals. Attracting and retaining high-quality relationship managers and providing them with the tools necessary for success is crucial to maintaining and strengthening the relationships we have with both existing and prospective customers. Our commitment to fostering both new and existing relationships, along with continued investment in the communities we serve, has been essential to our success over the past 120 years.

6

Table of Contents

Continue to grow and pursue diversified revenue streams 
– WM&T revenue distinguishes us from other community banks of similar asset size and continues to provide us with a strong competitive advantage. We have also experienced significant growth in other non-interest revenue sources in recent years, particularly treasury management services and debit/credit card services. We believe these services, along with our other non-interest revenue sources, such as mortgage banking, brokerage services and other ancillary activities, provide the diversity necessary to weather business cycles and provide the financial solutions our customers and communities desire.

Maintain focus on organic growth while capitalizing on strategic acquisitions 
– Our strategy has been to pursue attractive, organic growth opportunities within our existing markets and enter new markets that align with our business model and strategic plans. We believe we can increase our presence in our existing markets and broaden our footprint in attractive markets adjacent and complementary to our current markets by expansion of our branch network and opportunistically pursuing acquisitions.

Strategic acquisition activity over the past several years has expanded our footprint into the central, eastern and northern Kentucky markets while also building upon our market share in our home market of Louisville, Kentucky. This activity has provided solid growth opportunities and a larger platform for future expansion, allowing us to deliver broader product offerings, increased lending capabilities and a larger branch network to the communities we serve.

Continue to manage costs and improve efficiency
 – We believe that conservative cost management and focus on operational efficiency is critical to our success. We continuously manage our cost structure and refine our internal processes and technology to create further efficiencies with the goal of enhancing our earnings, while maximizing the overall customer experience.

Our efficiency ratio (FTE) for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 was 56.20%, 55.23% and 59.30%, respectively. The elevated ratio in 2022 was attributed to merger-related expenses associated with the CB acquisition.

Additionally, Bancorp also calculates an adjusted efficiency ratio. We believe it is important because it provides a comparable ratio after eliminating net gains (losses) on sales, calls, and impairment of investment securities, as well as net gains (losses) on sales of premises and equipment and disposition of any acquired assets, if applicable, and the fluctuation in non-interest expenses related to amortization of investments in tax credit partnerships and non-recurring merger expenses, if applicable. Bancorp’s adjusted efficiency ratio (FTE) for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 was 56.18%, 54.84% and 53.61%. See the section titled “
Non-GAAP Financial Measures
” for reconcilement of non-GAAP to GAAP measures.

7

Table of Contents

Human Capital

Attracting and retaining talented employees is key to our ability to execute our strategy and compete effectively. Bancorp values the unique combination of talents and experiences each employee contributes towards our success and strives to provide an environment that promotes the personal well-being and career development of our employees. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer and enforce those values throughout the organization. We prohibit discrimination in hiring or advancement against any individual on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, sex, national origin, age, marital status, pregnancy, mental disability, genetics, veteran status, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.

At December 31, 2024, the Bank had 1,080 full-time equivalent employees. Approximately 68% of Bancorp’s employees are located in the home market of Louisville, Kentucky, while 22%, 5% and 5% are located the Central Kentucky, Indianapolis, Indiana and Cincinnati, Ohio markets, respectively. None of Bancorp’s employees are subject to a collective bargaining agreement and Bancorp has never experienced a work stoppage.

Management of Bancorp strives to be an employer of choice and considers the relationship with employees to be good. In addition to competitive pay, employees of the Bank have access to a number of employee benefits and career development opportunities, including:

●

A defined contribution and stock ownership plan with considerable company match;

●

medical, dental and vision plans, as well as flexible spending and health savings accounts;

●

fully-funded wellness programs that reward employees for healthy behaviors in addition to mental health benefits that allow 24/7 access to counselors for a wide range of needs;

●

bank-paid life insurance in addition to a variety of other voluntary insurance plans;

●

short-term and long-term disability plans;

●

an employee assistance program;

●

merit-based incentive pay;

●

generous paid time-off policies;

●

guidance for wealth management and estate planning;

●

employee recognition and reward programs;

●

a management training program that focuses on developing talent from within;

●

access to American Institute of Banking training courses;

●

access to Bank Administration Institute learning and development content, as well as access to a professional skills library; and

●

access to the Kentucky Bankers Association’s and other general banking schools.

As a testament to the strong culture, inclusive environment and numerous benefits Bancorp is committed to providing its employees, in November of 2024, we were recognized by American Banker as one of the “Best Banks to Work For,” for the fourth consecutive year. This program evaluates employee satisfaction, as well as the policies and employee benefits of each institution. We were honored to be one of only 90 banks in the country to make the list for 2024.

Further, we also periodically publish a Corporate Responsibility report. We believe it provides important information on our operations and insight to management’s priorities. The report identifies ongoing practices and recent accomplishments in the areas of environmental risk and impact management, social responsibility and governance. This report is accessible on Bancorp’s web site at 
http://www.syb.com
.

8

Table of Contents

Executive Officers

Name and Age

Position and Office Held with

of Executive Officer

Bancorp and the Bank

James A. Hillebrand

Chairman and CEO of Bancorp and SYB

Age 56

Philip S. Poindexter

President of Bancorp and SYB; Director of Bancorp and SYB

Age 58

T. Clay Stinnett

EVP, Treasurer and CFO of Bancorp and SYB

Age 51

Michael J. Croce

EVP and Director of Retail Banking of SYB

Age 55

William M. Dishman III

EVP and Chief Credit Officer of SYB

Age 61

Michael V. Rehm

EVP and Chief Lending Officer of SYB

Age 60

Shannon B. Budnick

EVP and Director of WM&T Division of SYB

Age 53

See Part

III,

Item 10. 
“
Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
”
 for information regarding Bancorp
’
s executive officers.

Competition

The Bank encounters competition in its markets originating loans, attracting deposits, and selling other banking related financial services. The deregulation of the banking industry, the ability to create financial services holding companies to engage in a wide range of financial services other than banking and the widespread enactment of state laws that permit multi-bank holding companies, as well as the availability of nationwide interstate banking, has created a highly competitive environment for financial institutions. In one or more aspects of the Bank’s business, the Bank competes with local and regional retail and commercial banks, other savings banks, credit unions, finance companies and mortgage companies operating in Kentucky, Indiana and Ohio. Competition from online banking institutions, particularly for deposits, is also experienced by the Bank. Some of the Bank’s competitors are not subject to the same degree of regulatory review and restrictions that apply to Bancorp and the Bank. Many of the Bank’s primary competitors, some of which are affiliated with large bank holding companies or other larger financial-based institutions, have substantially greater resources, larger established client bases, higher lending limits, more extensive banking center networks, numerous ATMs or ITMs, and greater advertising and marketing budgets. They may also offer services that the Bank does not currently provide. It is anticipated that competition from both bank and non-bank entities will continue to remain strong in the foreseeable future.

The Bank believes that an emphasis on highly personalized service and a focus on the total relationship needs of individual clients, together with the local character of the Bank’s business and its “community bank” management philosophy, will continue to enhance the Bank’s ability to compete successfully in its markets.

9

Table of Contents

Supervision and Regulation

Bank holding companies and commercial banks are extensively regulated under both federal and state laws. Changes in applicable laws or regulations may have a material effect on the business of Bancorp.

Bancorp, as a registered bank holding company, is subject to the supervision and regulation of the Federal Reserve Board under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956. In addition, Bancorp is subject to the provisions of Kentucky’s banking laws regulating bank acquisitions and certain activities of controlling bank shareholders.

Kentucky and federal banking statutes delineate permissible activities for Kentucky state-chartered banks. Kentucky’s statutes, however, contain a super parity provision for Kentucky chartered banks having one of the top two ratings in its most recent regulatory examination. This provision allows these state banks to engage in any banking activity in which a national bank, a state bank operating in any other state, or a federally chartered thrift could engage. The bank must first obtain a legal opinion specifying the statutory or regulatory provisions that permit the activity.

The Bank is also subject to the supervision of the Kentucky Department of Financial Institutions and the FDIC. The FDIC insures the deposits of the Bank to the current maximum of $250,000 per depositor.

The GLB Act allows for affiliations among banks, securities firms and insurance companies by means of a FHC. The GLB Act requires that, at the time of establishment of a FHC, all depository institutions within that corporate group must be “well-managed” and “well-capitalized” and must have received a rating of “satisfactory” or better under its most recent CRA examination. Further, non-banking financial firms (for example an insurance company or securities firm) may establish a FHC and acquire a depository institution. While the distinction between banks and non-banking financial firms is blurred, the GLB Act makes it less cumbersome for banks to offer services “financial in nature,” but beyond traditional commercial banking activities. Likewise, non-banking financial firms may find it easier to offer services that have traditionally been provided primarily by depository institutions. In 2012, management of Bancorp elected to become and became a FHC.

The Dodd-Frank Act was signed into law in 2010 and was generally effective the day after it was signed into law, but different effective dates apply to specific sections of the law. The extensive and complex legislation contained many provisions affecting the banking industry, including but not limited to:

●

Creation of the CFPB to oversee banks with assets totaling $10 billion or greater while writing and maintaining several regulations that apply to all banks;

●

Determination of debit card interchange rates by the Federal Reserve Board;

●

New regulation over derivative instruments;

●

Phase outs of certain forms of trust preferred debt and hybrid instruments previously included as bank capital; and

●

Increases to FDIC deposit coverage, revised calculations for assessing bank premiums, and numerous other provisions affecting financial institution regulation, oversight of certain non-banking organizations, and improved depositor protection.

The CRA requires depository institutions to assist in meeting the credit needs of their market areas consistent with safe and sound banking practices. Under the CRA, each depository institution is required to help meet the credit needs of its market areas by, among other things, providing credit to low and moderate income individuals and communities. Depository institutions are periodically examined for compliance with the CRA, and banking regulators take into account CRA ratings when considering approval of certain applications. An unsatisfactory CRA rating could, among other things, result in the denial or delay of corporate applications filed by Bancorp or the Bank for proposed activities, such as branch openings or relocations and applications to acquire, merge or consolidate with another banking institution or holding company.

10

Table of Contents

The federal banking regulators have adopted rules limiting the ability of banks and other financial institutions to disclose non-public information about consumers to unaffiliated third parties. These limitations require disclosure of privacy policies to consumers and, in some circumstances, allow consumers to prevent disclosure of certain personal information to an unaffiliated third party. These regulations affect how consumer information is conveyed to outside vendors. The Bank is also subject to regulatory guidelines establishing standards for safeguarding customer information. These guidelines describe the federal banking agencies’ expectations for the creation, implementation and maintenance of an information security program, which would include administrative, technical and physical safeguards appropriate to the size and complexity of the institution and the nature and scope of its activities.

The Bank is subject to the Bank Secrecy Act and the USA Patriot Act. These statutes and related rules and regulations impose requirements and limitations on specified financial transactions and accounts and other relationships intended to guard against money laundering and terrorism financing. Financial institutions must take certain steps to assist government agencies in detecting and preventing money laundering and report certain types of suspicious transactions. Regulatory authorities routinely examine financial institutions for compliance with these obligations, and failure of a financial institution to maintain and implement adequate programs to combat money laundering and terrorist financing, or to comply with relevant laws or regulations, could have serious legal and reputational consequences for the institution, including causing applicable bank regulatory authorities not to approve merger or acquisition transactions when regulatory approval is required or to prohibit such transactions even if approval is not required.

Bancorp and the Bank are subject to capital regulations in accordance with Basel III, as administered by banking regulators. Basel III is an internationally agreed upon set of measures that were developed by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision that strengthened the regulation, supervision and risk management of banks in response to the 2007-2009 financial crisis. The FRB and FDIC have substantially similar risk-based and leverage ratio guidelines for banking organizations, which are intended to ensure that banking organizations have adequate capital related to the risk levels of assets and off-balance sheet instruments. Under the risk-based guidelines, specific categories of assets are assigned different risk weights based generally on the perceived credit risk of the asset. These risk weights are multiplied by corresponding asset balances to determine a risk-weighted asset base. In addition to the risk-based capital guidelines, the FRB uses a leverage ratio as a tool to evaluate the capital adequacy of bank holding companies. The leverage ratio is a company’s Tier 1 Capital divided by its average total consolidated assets (less goodwill and certain other intangible assets).

The federal banking agencies’ risk-based and leverage ratios represent minimum supervisory ratios generally applicable to banking organizations that meet certain specified criteria, assuming that they have the highest regulatory capital rating. Banking organizations not meeting these criteria are required to operate with capital positions above the minimum ratios. FRB guidelines also provide that banking organizations experiencing internal growth or making acquisitions may be expected to maintain strong capital positions above the minimum supervisory levels, without significant reliance on intangible assets. The FDIC may establish higher minimum capital adequacy requirements if, for example, a bank proposes to make an acquisition requiring regulatory approval, has previously warranted special regulatory attention, has experienced rapid growth that presents supervisory concerns, or, among other factors, has a high susceptibility to interest rate and other types of risk. The Bank is not subject to any such individual minimum regulatory capital requirements.

Banking regulators have categorized the Bank as well-capitalized. To meet the definition of well-capitalized for prompt corrective action requirements, a bank must have a minimum 6.5% Common Equity Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital ratio, 8.0% Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital ratio, 10.0% Total Risk-Based Capital ratio and 5.0% Tier 1 Leverage ratio.

Additionally, in order to avoid limitations on capital distributions, including dividend payments and certain discretionary bonus payments to executive officers, Bancorp and the Bank must hold a 2.5% capital conservation buffer composed of Common Equity Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital above the minimum risk-based capital requirements for the Common Equity Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital ratio, Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital ratio and Total Risk-Based Capital ratio necessary to be considered adequately-capitalized. At December 31, 2024, the adequately-capitalized minimums, including the capital conservation buffer, were a 7.0% Common Equity Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital ratio, 8.5% Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital ratio and 10.5% Total Risk-Based Capital ratio.

As of December 31, 2024, Bancorp exceeded the requirements to be considered well-capitalized and those required to avoid limitations associated with the capital conservation buffer.

11

Table of Contents

Under regulatory guidance applicable to all banking organizations, incentive compensation policies must be consistent with safety and soundness principles. Under this guidance, financial institutions must review their compensation programs to ensure that they: (i) provide employees with incentives that appropriately balance risk and reward and that do not encourage imprudent risk, (ii) are compatible with effective controls and risk management, and (iii) are supported by strong corporate governance, including active and effective oversight by the banking organization’s board of directors. Monitoring methods and processes used by a banking organization should be commensurate with the size and complexity of the organization and its use of incentive compensation.

Bancorp’s securities are registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), and listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market. As such, Bancorp is subject to the information, disclosure, proxy solicitation, insider trading, corporate governance and other restrictions of the Exchange Act, as well as the Marketplace Rules and other requirements promulgated by the Nasdaq Stock Market, LLC.

As a public company, Bancorp is also subject to the accounting oversight and corporate governance requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, including, among other things, required executive certification of financial presentations, increased requirements for board audit committees and their members, and enhanced requirements relating to disclosures, procedures and internal control over financial reporting.

The federal banking agencies and state regulators have been increasingly active in implementing privacy and cybersecurity standards and regulations. In 2018, the SEC published interpretive guidance to assist public companies in preparing disclosures about cybersecurity risks and incidents. These SEC guidelines, and any other regulatory guidance, are in addition to notification and disclosure requirements under state and federal banking laws and regulations.

In 2021, the federal banking agencies adopted a rule regarding notification requirements for banking organizations related to significant computer security incidents. Under the final rule, a bank holding company and state member bank are required to notify the Federal Reserve within 36 hours of incidents that have materially disrupted or degraded, or are reasonably likely to materially disrupt or degrade, the banking organization’s ability to deliver services to a material portion of its customer base, jeopardize the viability of key operations of the banking organization, or impact the stability of the financial sector. The rule was effective April 1, 2022 and Bancorp was in compliance by the required May 1, 2022 deadline.

We expect federal banking agencies and state regulators to continue focusing on information technology and cybersecurity. We are continually monitoring regulatory developments and the impact they may have on Bancorp.

Website Access to Reports

Bancorp files reports with the SEC including the Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current event reports on Form 8-K, and proxy statements, as well as any amendments to those reports. The SEC maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at 
http://www.sec.gov
. Bancorp’s Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act are also accessible at no cost on Bancorp’s web site at 
http://www.syb.com
 after they are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC.

12

Table of Contents