Item 1. Business.
Overview
We operate the world’s largest work marketplace that connects businesses with independent talent from across the globe, as measured by gross services volume, which we refer to as GSV.
1 
Independent talent is an increasingly sought-after, critical, and expanding segment of the global workforce. During the year ended December 31, 2024, our work marketplace enabled $4.0 billion of GSV.
Independent talent that advertise and provide services to clients through our work marketplace, which we refer to as talent, includes independent professionals and agencies of varying sizes. We define clients as customers that seek out and work with talent through our work marketplace. We refer to talent and clients together as customers. 
We serve as a powerful discovery engine for talent, helping them find rewarding, engaging, and flexible work, as well as market their services and build their book of business. Talent benefit from access to quality clients and secure and timely payments while enjoying the freedom to run their own businesses, create their own schedules, and work from their preferred locations on projects that they find fulfilling. Moreover, talent have real-time visibility into opportunities that are in high demand, so that they can invest their time and focus on developing sought-after skills. 
1

GSV represents the total amount that clients spend on our offerings as well as additional fees we charge to talent and clients for other services. For additional information related to how we calculate GSV, see the section titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
—
Overview
—
Business” and “
—
Key Financial and Operational Metrics.”
1
For clients, our work marketplace provides fast, secure, and efficient access to high-quality talent with over 10,000 skills across more than 125 categories of work, such as web, mobile and software development, administrative support, sales and marketing, design and creative, and customer service, as well as more emergent categories and skills like those pertaining to generative artificial intelligence. We offer a direct-to-talent approach as an alternative to traditional intermediaries such as staffing firms, recruiters, and agencies by providing high-quality independent talent through our work marketplace with innovative technology features that help build trusted relationships and instill trust in remote work, including the ability to engage talent as either independent contractors or as employees of third-party staffing providers. Our work marketplace also enables clients to streamline workflows, including talent sourcing, outreach, and contracting. In addition, our work marketplace provides clients with access to essential functionality for remote engagements with talent, including communication and collaboration, the ability to receive all talent invoices through our work marketplace, and payment protection. Our clients range in size from independent professionals and small businesses to Fortune 100 companies.
We believe a key differentiator of our business is our track record of creating trusted relationships, enabling our customers to successfully connect at scale. As the world’s largest work marketplace connecting businesses with independent talent, as measured by GSV, we benefit from network effects that drive growth in both the number of clients posting jobs and the number of talent seeking work. Long-term and recurring use of our work marketplace by our customers underscores its value and utility.
We generate revenue from both talent and clients of our Marketplace and Enterprise offerings. Revenue is primarily generated from fees charged to talent as a percentage of their billings to clients, which we refer to as talent service fees, and to a lesser extent, fees charged to clients on a per-transaction basis, which we refer to as client marketplace fees. We also generate revenue through ads and monetization products, including purchases of Connects (which are virtual tokens that are required for talent to bid on projects and purchase ads products on our work marketplace), talent memberships, and other services, such as foreign currency exchange when clients choose to pay in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Additionally, we earn interest on funds held on behalf of customers. The expansion of our ads and monetization products enhances marketplace efficiency and provides additional opportunities for talent and clients to connect.
Our Work Marketplace
We believe the following core aspects of our work marketplace provide Upwork with a competitive advantage:
Trusted Work Marketplace
Our work marketplace fosters trust and credibility among talent and clients, while reducing the friction associated with searching for, contracting and collaborating with, and paying highly-skilled independent talent for short-term and longer-term projects. We use a combination of the latest technology, data science, product features, and our skilled team to position our work marketplace as a trusted online marketplace to get work done. We build and use software, leverage data analysis, and apply machine learning and artificial intelligence to highlight relevant talent, facilitate security and identity verification for account ownership, and flag suspicious activity to protect customers and prevent undesirable behavior on our platform. We closely monitor activity on our work marketplace to detect and prevent abuse and have integrated several third-party technologies, including an industry-leading fraud detection vendor. We provide clients with tools to validate work performed by talent and to provide both public and private feedback once the work is completed. Our feedback system enables talent to build their business reputation by establishing long-term credibility with project review and verified client feedback. Talent profiles also include data from their work history on our work marketplace, including client feedback, number of hours billed, projects completed, and amount earned. This expertise is a critical factor to establish and build trust, while promoting brand loyalty and giving clients confidence in hiring talent for their next project. Additionally, we provide escrow services, approval workflows, and dispute processes to help ensure that clients on our work marketplace only pay for work that has been completed and talent is paid by their clients in full and on time.
Proprietary Data Drives Increasing Efficiencies
We have built an expansive and unique repository of data on our work marketplace. Our proprietary database maintains detailed and dynamic information, including skills possessed by talent, feedback, and success indicators of talent and clients transacting on our work marketplace. Leveraging this data through artificial intelligence, which we refer to as AI, including machine learning models, enables us to provide a trusted, convenient, and effective experience for both new and existing customers. Additionally, clients are able to better connect with available talent for their projects, while at the same time enabling talent to better identify available projects that fit their specific skills. Moreover, our AI-driven models leverage our closed-loop transaction data on 
2
millions of completed projects. The large volume of transactions on our work marketplace positions us to improve the effectiveness of our search and match capabilities, product features and experiences, and insights we provide to our customers.
Robust Functionality
Our global work marketplace enables clients to post jobs and leverage AI-powered recommendations to efficiently connect with talent, rank proposals, and collaborate on projects. We provide a range of advanced tools designed to streamline how talent and clients work together, including our proprietary AI assistant Uma, which enhances productivity for both talent and clients. Our platform also includes search and collaboration capabilities, machine learning-driven talent matching and proposal ranking capabilities, time tracking and invoicing systems, and payments services. The robust functionality of our work marketplace is designed to enable talent to run and build their businesses more easily and to enable clients to find, hire, and collaborate with high-quality talent on a global scale. 
Powerful Global Network Effects
We have heavily invested in building a robust work marketplace with features and functionality to connect talent and clients at scale. We believe our work marketplace provides a strong value proposition for both talent and clients and our scale creates powerful network effects that strengthen our competitive position. In turn, as more clients use and post high-quality projects on our work marketplace, more talent come to seek opportunities. As a result, we have been able to scale our business and our global community of customers efficiently.
Business Model with Strong Retention Metrics
Our business is driven by talent and clients’ long-term and recurring use of our work marketplace, which leads to more predictable revenue. In addition, we believe the scale of our work marketplace incentivizes talent to build their business reputations on and continue to use our work marketplace.
Our Offerings
Marketplace
Our Marketplace offerings are designed for clients looking to identify quality talent and scale hiring quickly. Our Marketplace offerings provide clients with access to independent talent, including those with verified work history on our work marketplace and client feedback. Clients benefit from the ability to instantly match with the right talent and built-in collaboration features. They can also receive perks such as a verified client badge and highlighted job posts, which help clients stand out to top talent and achieve results.
Upwork Payroll is available to clients when they choose to work with talent that they find on Upwork as employees. With Upwork Payroll, clients have access to third-party staffing providers to employ talent and meet their talent needs through our work marketplace.
Enterprise
Our Enterprise offerings deliver industry-leading work solutions for clients who have achieved, or aim to achieve, enterprise scale and who are looking to be more cost-efficient, innovative, productive, and growth-oriented. Enterprise offers two lines of service—Enterprise Solutions and Managed Services. 
Clients of Enterprise Solutions receive all the product features of our Marketplace offerings, in addition to consolidated billing and monthly invoicing, a dedicated team of account managers, detailed reporting with company insights and trends to enable clients to hire faster and more successfully, and the opportunity for clients to onboard pre-existing independent talent onto our work marketplace. Enterprise Solutions also offers access to additional product features, premium access to expert-vetted talent, professional services, and payment terms flexibility. Additionally, through our Enterprise Compliance offering, clients can engage us to determine whether talent should be classified as an employee or an independent contractor based on the scope of talent services agreed between the client and talent and other factors. 
For clients seeking a higher level of service, Managed Services offers a service-led program management and full project lifecycle solution that enables Enterprise customers to contract entire functions. Through Managed Services, clients engage us to deliver the work product, and we, in turn, engage talent either directly or as employees of third-party staffing providers to perform the work for clients on our behalf. We directly invoice the client and assume responsibility for the work performed.
As with our Marketplace offerings, Upwork Payroll is also available to Enterprise clients when they choose to work with talent they find on Upwork as employees.
3
Our Team and Culture
Our mission—to create economic opportunities so people have better lives—is integral to our culture and how we build amazing teams and products to lead our industry. We enable remote work not only through our work marketplace for our customers, but also for our own team members, for whom we are proud to offer a remote-first work model, which has environmental benefits as well as other advantages, such as flexible work hours for childcare and reduced commute time. Our team consists of corporate employees, independent talent that we engage through our work marketplace, and advisors. Our team members are distributed around the world, and while we offer a flexible workspace program and a corporate office, we have built an effective remote-first culture. Our team works with a variety of tools and has adopted innovative practices to ensure all voices are heard, creativity is fostered, organizational effectiveness is prioritized, and business results are achieved. Our hybrid team and its belief in our mission, values, and vision is critical to our success. With consistent investment in the development of our team and our commitment to diversity, inclusion, and belonging, we cultivate an environment where people are able to perform high-impact work.
Our People
Our mission not only drives the creation and continuous development of our work marketplace, but it is also integral to how we engage our employees and our approach to creating and fostering an inclusive environment that promotes and encourages diversity, inclusion, belonging, career development, and wellness. As of December 31, 2024, we had approximately 600 employees, and throughout 2024, we engaged approximately 2,200 independent team members through our work marketplace to provide services to us on a variety of internal projects. We believe the positive relationship between us, our team members, and our unique, strong culture differentiates us and is a key driver of our business success.
Diversity, Inclusion, and Belonging
We put our people and their experiences first. We view belonging as a feeling, inclusion as a practice, and diversity as an outcome. 
We foster belonging through our Upwork Belonging Communities—groups that build empathy and promote inclusive skill-building. We cultivate inclusion by equipping managers with training and tools to effectively build and lead inclusive, innovative teams that amplify team members’ voices. Additionally, we practice multi-dimensional compensation reviews during our semi-annual employee performance evaluation processes. This is led by a cross-functional team of human resource and legal leaders to help ensure we are fair and merit-based in our rewards and recognition strategy. We will continuously explore programs and practices that cultivate an inclusive culture in which every team member belongs.
Training and Development
As an organization built on talent and skills development, we understand the value of providing our employees with ongoing professional development and leadership opportunities to advance their careers. Led by our dedicated learning and development team, we offer our team members an array of learning and development opportunities, including access to an online learning platform with an extensive course library and relevant workshops at key milestones such as onboarding. 
Benefits and Competitive Compensation
We strive to offer market-competitive compensation and benefits to attract and retain employees for the long-term. We engage an independent compensation consultant to benchmark our employee compensation with external sources to ensure fair and equitable pay practices. We provide total rewards that attract and retain world-class employees through a total compensation package that includes equity-based awards for certain roles to align employee compensation with stockholder interests. Knowing our employees have diverse needs and life priorities, we also provide comprehensive benefits and services to those eligible, which include core benefits such as medical, dental, vision, and disability insurance, in addition to benefits tailored to the specific needs of our employees, such as mental health, fertility, family back-up care, and adoption support. We offer a health savings account with company contributions, family and medical leave, flexible working schedules, paid holidays and flexible vacation policies. We are committed to supporting our employees' financial well-being by providing tools and resources to enhance financial literacy and confidence. Through our financial coaching program and educational workshops, employees can gain valuable insights into budgeting, saving, and planning for their future. Additionally, we offer benefits like a 401(k) plan with matching contributions and an employee stock purchase plan that enables eligible employees to purchase shares of our stock at a discount through payroll deductions. These programs empower employees to take charge of their financial goals and 
4
build long-term security. Additionally, we offer a tuition reimbursement program to support employees in upskilling and furthering their professional development, empowering them to grow their careers while contributing to our long-term success.
Workforce Engagement and People Analytics
We engage our workforce in meaningful ways and take timely action in response to feedback. Research into workforce experience begins during onboarding and is sustained throughout a team member’s tenure at Upwork. This “lifecycle” approach to workforce research affords Upwork senior leadership and People team members ongoing and near-real-time insight into critical moments of worker experience and productivity. The collection of such data allows leadership, line managers, and our People team to identify successes and opportunities at many levels, including for individual team members, company-wide programs or larger organizational units. Over time, the aggregation and analysis of such data enables us to optimize for those workforce factors that drive crucial people and business outcomes.
Additionally, we have a dedicated people analytics team, which has enabled us to build on insights from our lifecycle listening program, as well as broader data sources and methods, and uncover strategic and operational insights that will further improve the overall experience of our workforce and drive performance of our business. 
Employee Wellness
Employee safety and well-being is of paramount importance to us. We empower our team with cutting-edge productivity and collaboration tools, as well as training and toolkits designed to help leaders thrive in managing remote teams. In addition, we promote programs to support our employees’ physical, financial, and mental well-being. For example, we regularly conduct internal surveys to assess the well-being and needs of our employees, and we offer employee assistance and mindfulness programs to help employees and their families manage anxiety, stress, sleep, and overall well-being. Additionally, we believe that our employees are at their best when they take the time to recharge. In order to encourage our employees to recharge and make their well-being a priority, we provide unlimited paid time off in addition to our company-recognized holidays.
Board of Directors Oversight
Our board of directors recognizes the critical importance of our team and the necessity to ensure a diverse, inclusive, effective, and creative work environment that is centered around a values-based culture. Our board of directors meets regularly with management to discuss issues impacting our team members and ways to support our workforce. Our focus on culture comes from our board of directors and flows throughout our company. In evaluating our Chief Executive Officer and management team, emphasis is put on their contributions to our overall culture.
Sales and Marketing
Our sales and marketing organizations work closely together to increase awareness, generate customer demand, build a strong sales pipeline, and grow account relationships across clients of all sizes, including independent professionals and small businesses to Fortune 100 companies, to accelerate GSV and revenue growth.
Enterprise Sales
Our Enterprise sales team focuses on clients interested in our Enterprise Solutions and Managed Services offerings. Our Enterprise sales team consists of teams that focus on one of two primary areas—Land and Expand. The Land team consists of business development representatives and other quota-carrying account executives who are primarily focused on acquiring new clients who have achieved, or aim to achieve, enterprise scale. The Expand team consists of quota-carrying account management and success team members who help new and existing clients scale usage of our work marketplace throughout their organizations. We achieve this by strategically developing and growing relationships within client organizations at all levels, from users to buyers to executives, as well as executing persona-based workshops, webinars, and account-based marketing campaigns that drive additional client spend through our work marketplace. We believe this land-and-expand strategy helps clients ramp their usage of our platform and drives more value, awareness, and adoption over time. In 2024, we realigned our Enterprise sales organization to enhance operational efficiency and optimize resources for client acquisition and support.
Marketing
We employ a holistic and integrated marketing strategy aimed at attracting clients to our work marketplace and guiding them toward the right product offerings to meet their business needs. Our approach begins with building 
5
awareness of our brand and highlighting the advantages of hiring independent talent compared to traditional staffing models. These advantages include access to high-quality talent, reduced time-to-hire, greater flexibility, and cost efficiencies. Additionally, Upwork fosters trusted relationships while providing both clients and independent talent greater control over their businesses and careers. To support this strategy, the Upwork Research Institute publishes proprietary insights based on platform data and third-party research that are leveraged for marketing activities across the client acquisition funnel, driving thought leadership through speaking engagements, social media activations, and earned media, including widespread press coverage. Our earned and owned media initiatives contribute to shaping influential conversations about the future of work and the value of flexible talent solutions, further enhancing brand awareness. 
Building on our brand positioning, we address key client needs throughout our marketing efforts, ensuring clients can easily identify and leverage the right Upwork product for their goals. While a significant portion of new client registrations originates from direct and non-paid channels, we also invest in targeted programs to expand our client pipeline. These initiatives include digital campaigns and direct mail.
To drive client retention and growth, we deploy email and lifecycle marketing programs aimed at engagement, cross-selling, and upselling opportunities. Additionally, we invest in advertising campaigns, including television, digital, and streaming audio placements, to further promote awareness and adoption of our solutions.
Our Technology
We invest substantial resources in research and development to enhance our platform, develop new products and features, and improve our infrastructure. We utilize a flexible systems architecture to allow us to scale easily as our platform usage increases and to provide a consistent and robust customer experience. The core focus of our technology is on:
Reliability
Our infrastructure is designed to provide high reliability and robust platform performance. There are four components to our reliability strategy:
1.
Modern Distributed Infrastructure.
 We have engineered and implemented a modern, distributed core infrastructure design that provides for failures to occur at the individual system level without disrupting service or impacting the customer experience.
2.
Services-Oriented Architecture. 
We have focused on building a services-oriented architecture hosted on Amazon Web Services, which we refer to as AWS, designed to independently scale, or failover, as needed, by leveraging the capabilities of the AWS platform. As a result, we believe we are more resilient to unexpected surges in traffic or to new code changes that we may introduce.
3.
Isolation as a Design Philosophy. 
Leveraging the philosophy of domain-driven design, we have divided our platform into multiple sections to reduce the likelihood that a failure in any one section would negatively impact other sections of our platform.
4.
Intelligent Monitoring and Automated Remediation.
 Our platform is designed to continuously monitor its own health and act appropriately to maintain its health, particularly during our deployment of new code or in response to any single infrastructure or platform issue.
Security
Our platform is designed to help ensure the security of our data and systems, protect our customers’ personal information, and meet the rigorous privacy and security requirements of our Enterprise clients. To that end, we have obtained and maintain the following security and privacy certifications: ISO 27001 and 27018, SOC 2 Type 2 certification, SOC 3 certification, PCI-DSS Level 1 certification, U.S. Department of Commerce Data Privacy Framework certifications, and TRUSTe Enterprise Privacy & Data Governance Practices certification from TrustArc. Our information security controls operate at multiple levels and are designed to detect, prevent, and mitigate cybersecurity threats. All access to our platform is encrypted using industry-standard transport layer security technology, and customers can further secure their accounts with two-factor authentication. For additional details regarding our cybersecurity risk management and strategy, see Part I, Item 1C, “Cybersecurity.”
Artificial Intelligence Capabilities
We leverage real-time and historical data to create an adaptive experience for our customers. Our platform contains a large repository of closed-loop data for the entire lifecycle of work, starting from when clients post 
6
projects to when talent and clients match, how they communicate via on-platform messaging and collaboration tools, how and when payment is transferred, and feedback on their engagements.
Our platform leverages artificial intelligence, including machine learning models, and we continue to invest in the latest advances in AI to train these models on our large, proprietary behavioral data to better predict future behaviors that drive successful outcomes for customers.
Traditional query-based search capabilities are enriched by proprietary AI-powered models that drive real-time algorithms optimized to facilitate discovery and the “best match” between a client’s project requirements and talent’s unique skill set. We leverage AI to balance supply and demand within the platform as well. Talent receives data on market rates based on similar jobs when submitting proposals. When clients post jobs, similar rate resources also appear within the system. Upon registration, our AI models assess the potential of talent to be successful on our work marketplace.
In 2024, we acquired Objective AI, Inc., which we refer to as Objective AI, an AI-native search-as-a-service platform, with the aim of further enhancing our core search and matching capabilities and enabling richer insights into client needs and talent capabilities. By incorporating Objective AI’s technology, such as multi-modal semantic search, we hope to be better positioned to provide enhanced precision and efficiency in connecting talent and clients. The expertise of Objective AI’s personnel will also deepen the capabilities of Upwork’s AI and machine learning team.
Scalability
Our cloud-based platform has been designed to be elastic, scaling automatically with increased usage, supporting sudden traffic spikes by dynamically bringing additional capacity online as required, then scaling back to ensure consistent and predictable cost management.
Our Social and Environmental Impact
Our mission is to create economic opportunities so people have better lives. Everything we do to build a better way to work—from our product offerings, to our grant making and volunteerism, to the policies and programs that guide our operations—is driven by this mission and our commitment to be a force for good.
Empowered by our work marketplace, millions of people from diverse backgrounds and locations around the globe are accessing economic opportunities previously unavailable to them. We enable workers to engage with clients beyond their local labor market, choose when to work and what projects to pursue, and set their own rates. Upwork provides a new way for talent to market their skills and expertise and we enable inclusive hiring practices through continuous accessibility improvements, analysis of potential underlying bias in our technology, and features like our diversity-certified talent badges. 
We are also powering a more efficient and sustainable way to work. We believe that by facilitating remote work engagements and providing our customers with the tools they need to collaborate from afar, we are helping them avoid work-related commutes and business travel. Our work marketplace is also connecting sustainability professionals with mission-driven clients, including thousands of nonprofits on Upwork. By committing to carbon-neutral operations and to purchasing carbon-free electricity to match 100% of our office and remote work electricity consumption, we are demonstrating how companies across the globe can take action on climate change. We are also pursuing strategies to reduce our Scope 3 emissions intensity from employee commuting, business travel, and purchased goods and services as we grow. 
Our drive to create a more equitable and sustainable future of work has helped us identify new ways to serve our stakeholders—including our clients and the independent talent on our work marketplace, our own team members, our investors, and our community partners—and contribute to long-term value creation. We continuously assess our social and environmental impact, and we are committed to addressing both short- and long-term risks and opportunities across our value chain. We address these risks and opportunities across four key themes: economic opportunity; team enablement; the environment; and trust and ethics.
Competition
The market segment for independent talent and the clients that engage them is highly competitive, rapidly evolving, fragmented, and subject to changing technology, shifting needs, and frequent introductions of new competitors as well as new offerings and services. The market continues to draw increased third-party investment and new competitor entrants, driven by changing labor market dynamics. We compete with a number of online and offline platforms and services domestically and internationally, as well as traditional staffing firms, to attract and retain customers and expand our share of customer spend. Artificial intelligence tools are emerging as an additional area 
7
of competition as technology becomes capable of generating work outputs that could otherwise be produced by independent talent.
We believe the principal competitive factors in our market segment include:
•
platform features and functionality, including efficient and accelerated time to hire;
•
verified talent work history and client payment history;
•
size and engagement of customer base, including the ability to attract and retain clients with a need for talent services;
•
breadth of skill categories offered by a platform’s rated quality talent;
•
availability of high-quality projects from clients of all sizes, including Fortune 100 companies; 
•
uniqueness, size, and scope of data assets;
•
ease of use;
•
brand awareness and reputation;
•
trust and safety;
•
level of customer satisfaction;
•
relationships with third-party partners;
•
strength of sales and marketing efforts;
•
ability to innovate and develop new or improved offerings and services;
•
greater flexibility with cost structure and reduced operating costs; and
•
level of workflow automation driven by machine learning and artificial intelligence tools.
We believe that we compete favorably with respect to these factors and are committed to making continued investments in our business to ensure our long-term success.
Intellectual Property
The protection of our technology and intellectual property is an important aspect of our business. We rely upon a combination of patents, trademarks, trade secrets, copyrights, confidentiality procedures, contractual commitments, and other legal rights to establish and protect our intellectual property. We generally enter into confidentiality agreements and invention or work product assignment agreements with our employees, independent team members that we engage through our work marketplace, advisors, and consultants to control access to, and clarify ownership of, our software and other inventions and intellectual property, documentation, and other proprietary information.
As of December 31, 2024, we held 19 issued U.S. patents, with 3 patent applications pending. As of December 31, 2024, we held seven registered trademarks in the United States, including Upwork, Elance, oDesk, “Work Without Limits,” and “Talent Cloud,” and also held 163 registered trademarks in foreign jurisdictions. We continually review our development efforts to assess the existence and patentability of new intellectual property.
Government Regulation
We have a robust regulatory compliance program built to comply with the various U.S. federal and state and foreign laws and regulations that are applicable to internet companies and businesses that operate online marketplaces connecting businesses with independent talent. Our compliance program gives us the ability to pursue products and features that are or may be governed by complex laws and regulatory regimes. These laws and regulations may involve areas such as labor and employment (including worker classification and independent contractor relationships), data protection, content regulation, intellectual property, data sharing and privacy, taxation, consumer protection, background checks, payment services, money transmitter regulations, anti-corruption, anti-money laundering and sanctions laws, the development, use and training of artificial intelligence models, or other subjects. Moreover, we provide escrow services to our customers and are therefore licensed as an internet escrow agent by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation, which we refer to as the DFPI. Many of the laws and regulations that are or may be applicable to our business are still evolving and being tested in courts and could be interpreted in ways that could adversely impact our business. In addition, the application and interpretation of 
8
these laws and regulations often are uncertain, particularly in the industry in which we operate. See Part I, Item IA, “Risk Factors—Risks Related to Legal and Regulatory Matters” for more information. 
Available Information
Our principal executive office is located at 530 Lytton Avenue, Suite 301, Palo Alto, California 94301, and our mailing address is 3490 S 4400 W #70008, West Valley City, Utah 84120. Our website is located at www.upwork.com, and our investor relations website is located at investors.upwork.com. Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports, are available free of charge through our investor relations website as soon as reasonably practicable after we file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC.
We use our investor relations website (investors.upwork.com), our Blog (upwork.com/blog), our X handle (twitter.com/Upwork), Hayden Brown’s X handle (twitter.com/hydnbrwn) and LinkedIn profile (linkedin.com/in/haydenlbrown), and Erica Gessert’s LinkedIn profile (linkedin.com/in/erica-gessert) as means of disseminating or providing notification of, among other things, news or announcements regarding our business or financial performance, investor events, press releases, and earnings releases, and as means of disclosing material nonpublic information and for complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. 
The content of our websites and information that we may post on or provide to online and social media channels, including those mentioned above, and information that can be accessed through our websites or these online and social media channels are not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report or in any other report or document we file with or furnish to the SEC, and any references to our websites or these online and social media channels are intended to be inactive textual references only.
9
PART I