Item 3. Legal Proceedings

The information set forth under the heading “Legal Proceedings” in Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures

Not applicable.

52

Table of Contents

PART II

Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

Market Information for Our Ordinary Shares

Our Ordinary Shares has been listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market (“Nasdaq”) under the symbol “FROG” since September 16, 2020. Prior to that date, there was no public trading market for our Ordinary Shares.

Holders of Record

As of February 5, 2025, we had 37 holders of record of our Ordinary Shares. The actual number of holders is greater than this number of record holders and includes holders who are beneficial owners but whose shares are held in street name by brokers and other nominees.

Dividend Policy

We have never declared nor paid any cash dividends on our shares. We currently intend to retain any future earnings and do not expect to pay any dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination to declare cash dividends will be made at the discretion of our Board of Directors, subject to applicable laws, and will depend on a number of factors, including our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, contractual restrictions, general business conditions, and other factors that our Board of Directors may deem relevant.

Share Performance Graph

This performance graph shall not be deemed “soliciting material” or to be “filed” with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC, for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that Section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any of our filings under the Securities Act.

The graph below compares the cumulative total stockholder return on our ordinary share from September 16, 2020 (the date our ordinary share commenced trading on the Nasdaq) through December 31, 2024 with the cumulative total return on the S&P 500 Index and the S&P 500 Information Technology Index. All values assume a $100 initial investment and data for the S&P 500 Composite Index and the S&P Information Technology Index assume reinvestment of dividends. The comparisons are based on historical data and are not indicative of, nor intended to forecast, the future performance of our ordinary share.

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities

None.

53

Table of Contents

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

None.

Item 6. [Reserved]