ITEM 3.

Legal Proceedings

27

ITEM 4.

Mine Safety Disclosures

27

ITEM 4A.

Information About Our Executive Officers

27

PART II

28

ITEM 5.

Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

28

ITEM 6.

[Reserved]

29

ITEM 7.

Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

30

ITEM 7A.

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk

41

ITEM 8.

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

42

ITEM 9.

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure

74

ITEM 9A.

Controls and Procedures

74

ITEM 9B.

Other Information

75

ITEM 9C.

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections

75

PART III

76

ITEM 10.

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance

76

ITEM 11.

Executive Compensation

76

ITEM 12.

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters

76

ITEM 13.

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence

76

ITEM 14.

Principal Accountant Fees and Services

76

PART IV

77

ITEM 15.

Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules

77

SIGNATURES

81

2

Forward Looking Information
This Annual Report and other publicly available documents, including the documents incorporated herein and therein by reference, contain, and our officers and representatives may from time to time make, “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements related to our current expectations, the performance of our business, our financial results, our liquidity and capital resources and other non-historical statements. Forward-looking statements can be identified by words such as: “anticipate,” “intend,” “plan,” “goal,” “seek,” “believe,” “project,” “outlook,” “forecast,” “preliminary,” “estimate,” “expect,” “strategy,” “future,” “likely,” “may,” “would,” “could,” “should,” “will” and similar references to future periods. Forward-looking statements are neither historical facts nor assurances of future performance. Instead, they are based only on our current beliefs, expectations and assumptions regarding the future of our business, future plans and strategies, projections, anticipated events and trends, the economy and other future conditions. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict, and in many cases, are outside of our control. Our actual results and financial condition may differ materially from those indicated herein and in other filings and statements. Therefore, you should not rely on any of these forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause our actual results and financial condition to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements include, among others, our ability to achieve operational efficiencies and meet customer demand for products and services as well as the other risks identified in the risk factors set forth in Item 1A of this Annual Report. Any forward-looking statement made by us in this Annual Report is based only on information currently available to us and speaks only as of the date on which it is made. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement made in this Annual Report or any other forward-looking statement that may be made from time to time, whether written or oral, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.

3

Par
t I
Item 1. B
usiness.
Overview
Agilysys has been a leader in hospitality software for more than 45 years, delivering innovative cloud-native SaaS and on-premise solutions for hotels, resorts, cruise lines, casinos, corporate foodservice management, restaurants, universities, stadiums, and healthcare facilities. The Company’s software solutions include point-of-sale (POS), property management (PMS), inventory and procurement, payments, and related applications that manage and enhance the entire guest journey. Agilysys also is known for its world-class customer-centric service. Many of the top hospitality companies around the world use Agilysys solutions to improve guest loyalty, drive revenue growth, and increase operational efficiencies. Agilysys operates across North America, Europe, the Middle East, Asia-Pacific, and India, with headquarters in Alpharetta, GA.
The Company has one reportable segment serving the global hospitality industry.
Our principal executive offices are located at 3655 Brookside Parkway, Suite 300, Alpharetta, Georgia, 30022.
Reference herein to any particular year or quarter refers to periods within our fiscal year ended March 31. For example, fiscal 2025 refers to the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025.

History and Significant Events
Organized in 1963 as Pioneer-Standard Electronics, Inc., an Ohio corporation, we began operations as a distributor of electronic components and, later, enterprise computer solutions. Exiting the former business in fiscal 2003 with the sale of our Industrial Electronic Division, we used the proceeds to reduce debt and fund growth of our enterprise solutions business. This included acquiring businesses focused on higher-margin and more specialized solutions for the hospitality and retail industries. At the same time, we changed our name to Agilysys, Inc.
In fiscal 2004, we acquired Inter-American Data, Inc., which allowed us to become the leading developer and provider of technology solutions for hotel property management and inventory management in the casino and resort industries.
In fiscal 2007, we exited the enterprise computer distribution business. We used the proceeds from that sale to return cash to shareholders and fund a number of acquisitions that broadened our solutions and capabilities portfolios. We acquired InfoGenesis, Inc., Visual One Systems Corp. and Eatec Corporation in fiscal 2008, significantly expanding our specialized offerings to the hospitality industry through enterprise-class POS, PMS and inventory and procurement software solutions tailored for a variety of applications in cruise, golf, spa, gaming, lodging, resort and catering. These offerings feature highly intuitive, secure and robust solutions, easily scalable across multiple departments and/or property locations.
In fiscal 2012, we sold our IT solutions business and restructured our business model to focus on higher-margin, profitable growth opportunities in the hospitality and retail sectors. We also reduced our real-estate footprint and lowered overhead costs by relocating corporate services from Solon, Ohio to Alpharetta, Georgia, thus moving our senior management team closer to our remaining operating units.
In fiscal 2014, we sold our retail solutions and services business to Kyrus Solutions, Inc. (Kyrus), an affiliate of Clearlake Capital Group, L.P. Following completion of the transaction, our business focused exclusively on hospitality solutions and the growth opportunities in the hospitality market.
In fiscal 2018, we opened a software development center in Chennai, India, to supplement our product development efforts.
We converted to a Delaware corporation in February 2022.
Today, we are focused on providing state-of-the-art, end-to-end solutions that enhance guest and staff experiences and assist our customers in promoting their brands. We help our customers win the guest recruitment battle and, in turn, grow revenue, reduce costs and increase efficiency. This is accomplished by developing and deploying innovative solutions that increase data speed and accuracy, integrate with other enterprise systems and create a common infrastructure for managing guest data thereby enabling more effective management, intelligent upselling, reduced shrinkage, improved brand recognition and better control of the guest relationship.

4

Our strategy is to increase the proportion of revenue we derive from subscription services, cloud applications, ongoing support and maintenance agreements, and professional services.
Products, Support and Professional Services
We are a leading developer and marketer of software-enabled solutions and services to the hospitality industry, including software solutions fully integrated with third party hardware and operating systems; subscription and maintenance; and professional services. Areas of specialization are point of sale, property management, and a broad range of solutions that support the ecosystem of these core solutions.
We present revenue and costs of goods sold in three categories:
•
Products
•
Subscription and maintenance
•
Professional services
Total revenue for these three specific areas is as follows:

Year Ended March 31,

(In thousands)

2025

2024

2023

Products

$

41,324

$

49,083

$

43,638

Subscription and maintenance

170,051

138,069

118,285

Professional services

64,249

50,312

36,142

Total

$

275,624

$

237,464

$

198,065

Products:
 Products revenue is comprised of revenue from the sale of software along with third party hardware and operating systems. Software sales include up front revenue for licensing our solutions on a perpetual basis. Software sales are driven by our solutions’ ability to help customers meet the demands of their guests and improve operating efficiencies. Our software revenue is also driven by the ability of our customers to configure our solutions for their specific needs and the robust catalog of integrations we offer to third party solutions. Our software solutions require varying form factors of third party hardware and operating systems to operate, such as staff facing terminals, kiosk solutions, mobile tablets or servers. Third party hardware and operating system revenue is typically driven by new customer wins and existing customer hardware refresh purchases.

Subscription and Maintenance:
 Software subscription and maintenance services are a significant portion of our consolidated revenue and typically generate higher profit margins than products revenue. Growth has been driven by a strategic focus on developing and promoting end-to-end solutions while market demand for innovative new products addressing specific hospitality needs continues to reinforce this trend. Our commitment to exceptional service has enabled us to become a trusted partner with customers who wish to optimize the level of service they provide to their guests and maximize commerce opportunities both on premise and in the cloud.
Professional Services:
 We have industry-leading expertise in designing, implementing, integrating and installing customized solutions into both traditional and newly created platforms. For existing enterprises, we seamlessly integrate new systems and for start-ups and fast-growing customers, we become a partner that can manage large-scale rollouts and tight construction schedules. Our extensive experience ranges from staging equipment to phased rollouts as well as training staff to provide operational expertise to help achieve maximum effectiveness and efficiencies in a manner that saves our customers time and money.
Our portfolio of hospitality software solutions:
The hospitality industry has long been focused on operating end-to-end businesses, but the technology vendors that service the industry have been focused on product-centric solutions that make use of a high number of software modules and operating silos. To resolve this disconnect and more effectively align with the business operations of our customers, we have evolved our approach to be focused on delivering integrated “ecosystem cloud” solutions for Hospitality & Leisure, Food & Beverage and Inventory & Procurement functions through the Agilysys Hospitality Experience Cloud.
We deliver modular and integrated software solutions and expertise to businesses seeking to maximize Return on Experience (ROE) through hospitality encounters that are both personal and profitable. Over time, customers achieve High

5

Return Hospitality by consistently delighting guests, retaining staff and growing margins. The Agilysys Hospitality Experience Cloud™ offers solution ecosystems that combine core operational systems for property management (PMS), point-of-sale (POS) and Inventory and Procurement (I&P) with Experience Enhancers™ that meaningfully improve interactions for guests and for employees across dimensions such as digital access, mobile convenience, self-service control, personal choice, payment options, service coverage and real-time insights to improve decisions.  Core solutions and Experience Enhancers are selectively combined in Hospitality Solution Studios™ tailored to specific hospitality settings and business needs.
Our integrated yet modular products allow hospitality operators to recruit and delight customers at their facilities, increase their wallet share from each guest, retain valuable staff and improve the overall experience throughout the entire guest journey – from the initial customer touch point through post-visit interactions.
With our omni-channel suite of software products, we are uniquely positioned to offer solutions that allow customers to offer contactless solutions at every point of the guest journey and maximize operational efficiency all while providing an improved guest experience.

Food & Beverage (F&B) Ecosystem Solutions:
Agilysys Food & Beverage Ecosystem solutions allow customers to provide their guests with an omni-channel experience within their property. Offering flexibility, guests can choose to create their own experience through mobile or kiosk ordering, or opt for more traditional service by interacting with staff like cashiers, bartenders, and servers. Irrespective of the channel of interaction for the guest, our POS suite provides a single integrated enterprise-grade back-office management system with robust reporting capabilities. This allows our customers to manage menus, price changes, purchasing trends, inventory management and sales reporting from a single integrated source providing for increased efficiency as well as providing a richer guest profile.

Agilysys InfoGenesis® POS is a core F&B solution. This award-winning point of sale solution offers a fast, intuitive, and highly customizable terminal application, paired with powerful and flexible back-office reporting and configuration. The system is easy to set up, and its scalable architecture enables customers to add workstations without having to build out expensive infrastructure. InfoGenesis supports a wide range of POS devices from traditional POS terminals to iPads, Android tablets and mobile phones, allowing customers to seamlessly deploy a mix of POS experiences based upon guest and server requirements. The system’s detailed and high-quality reporting capabilities provide insight into sales data and guest purchasing trends. Engineered for all regions of the world, the InfoGenesis POS solution suite offers a multinational set of features, including language, currency and local fiscal reporting, coupled with a robust enterprise management capability enabling the largest global customers to efficiently run their businesses. With a foundation platform of modern integration APIs, the solution is also capable of integrating with a variety of ancillary applications allowing our customers to seamlessly run their entire suite of technology products. InfoGenesis POS is available as a cloud-based or on-premises solution.
Agilysys IG Kiosk is a core F&B solution. An enterprise-class self-service, customer-facing kiosk point of sale solution for the hospitality industry. It is ideal for food & beverage venues such as buffets, grab ‘n go, corporate cafeterias and food courts. Its flexibility supports a variety of operational workflows, such as “order and pay”, “order only”, “pay at cashier” and “self-check-out,” and integrates with a variety of property management, casino management and loyalty systems.
Agilysys IG Kiosk’s intuitive guest-facing order and pay experiences transfer the control and convenience to the end user. The self-service components reduce on-site labor needed to manage venue operations, while improving guest throughput, check size, order accuracy, guest experience and satisfaction. The platform-driven and cloud-based solution allows for easy deployments and management at scale resulting in a lowered overall cost of ownership.

6

Food & Beverage Experience Enhancer Solutions:

Agilysys IG KDS is a digital kitchen management solution that integrates with the entire point of sale ecosystem of solutions to deliver staff and customer-originated orders to the kitchen for preparation. Custom attributes such as guest phone number, name, guest location or packaging instructions can be provided on each incoming order so the order can be fulfilled promptly to guests. Guests can optionally be notified of order completion via an order status monitor (OSM) or via text message.

Agilysys IG OnDemand provides a visual, interactive food and beverage ordering experience to any mobile device – phone, tablet, or laptop – with a browser-based self-service experience. Using a simple, intuitive interface, guests can easily order and reorder from anywhere across the property, driving order velocity and volume. It also can meet the need for a tableside order and pay experience. It supports ordering for multiple guests at a table over the course of a meal using their own devices making the ordering process contactless while freeing up staff to spend more time with guests.
Agilysys IG OnDemand allows our customers to immediately offer an online ordering platform that is natively integrated with their physical location operations. Menus and price updates can be done in one place and automatically updated across all channels – online web store, digital menus and app ordering as well as POS terminals. Orders placed online are routed automatically to the appropriate kitchen for preparation. Orders placed from all channels are automatically available on the POS terminal at the physical location.
Agilysys IG Fly is a mobile handheld all-in-one POS solution that empowers staff to do it all on one device: table-side, pool-side, popup-side, wherever-side, keeping guests happy and servers hustling. It allows properties to boost guest spending with sleek handheld devices that facilitate order placement and payment acceptance without servers ever leaving guests. Servers are readily available to satisfy each guest’s immediate requests while providing faster service.
Agilysys IG Quick Pay allows guests to use their own mobile device, scan a QR code on the InfoGenesis check, review a digital copy of the check, add a tip & initiate payment, maintaining a fully contactless guest payment experience. The product can be sold as a standalone payment solution or can be bundled with IG OnDemand for a complete order and pay experience.
Agilysys IG Smart Menu provides a contactless menu display on a guest’s own mobile device - phone, tablet, or laptop. Simply scan a QR code to access a venue menu that is linked directly to the actual items available in the IG OnDemand system, not a pdf or a website link. The product can be sold as a standalone menu solution or can be bundled with IG OnDemand for a complete menu, order and pay experience.
Agilysys IG Digital Menu Board provides large screen menu and image display on commercial television monitors. It will display a venue menu that is linked directly to the actual items available in the IG OnDemand system, not a pdf or a website link, so it can easily reflect the latest items and pricing.

7

IG PanOptic AI-powered self-checkout kiosk allows guests to place multiple food items on the kiosk tray all at one time where our AI service uses computer vision & AI to scan the items, recognize them and add them to the cart.
Agilysys Pay payment processing solution is our innovative payment gateway. Agilysys Pay protects guests’ financial data and reduces risk by leveraging point-to-point encryption (P2PE) and tokenization with every credit card transaction. Agilysys Pay Complete leverages one of the first payment gateways in the world to receive official PCI-P2PE validation, allowing us to offer Payment Card Industry cost and scope reduction that other providers cannot. These security benefits are built on top of a full-featured, enterprise-grade gateway that offers broad support for U.S., Canadian, European and certain Asian countries’ credit card processors and a wide variety of payment device options for every use-case, including countertop, pay-at-table, EMV, mobile tablet, and signature capture scenarios.
Agilysys Pay offers contactless payment options on all markets as well as supporting various wallet payment options like Apple Pay®, Google Pay®, AliPay®, and WeChat®.
Agilysys eCash offers guests the convenience of cashless tender. Create charge accounts for memberships, employees, students, comps or any other type of charge you define. A central database supports an efficient eCash transaction process for all your accounts. An array of fields and extra settings make managing eCash accounts seamless.
A flexible easy to use solution to create and manage Gift Cards from adding balances to cards, to checking balances, and enabling guests to use them for purchases across outlets on the property.
Agilysys Analyze is a cloud-based data analytic platform focused on the needs of the hospitality industry. It is a full business intelligence solution that collects data from Agilysys point of sale and property management solutions and helps food & beverage and property operators gain critical insight into business operations and performance. Out-of-the-box analysis helps hospitality operators manage costs, minimize loss due to fraud, boost item sales, increase server productivity, occupancy, room revenue, and other profit enhancing capabilities.
Hospitality & Leisure (H&L) Ecosystem Solutions:
Agilysys offers the most comprehensive suite of hospitality & leisure applications to serve the needs of our integrated resort and hospitality customers. Our solutions enable our customers to provide a seamless experience to their guests while driving operational efficiencies throughout the value chain. Our H&L suite of applications consists of the core property management system (PMS), and experience enhancers including a commission-free booking engine, self-service check in and check out solutions, spa, golf, retail, sales & catering, service request optimization and residence management applications.

Agilysys LMS™ is a core H&L solution. An on-premise or hosted, web and mobile-enabled, PMS solution targeting the operator with large, complex operations. It runs 24/7 to automate every aspect of hotel operations in properties from 100 to over 7,000 rooms, and has interfaces to a wide array of industry applications including but not limited to all core casino management systems and leading global distribution systems. Its foundation expands to incorporate modules for activities scheduling, attraction ticketing and more.

8

Agilysys Versa PMS is a core H&L solution. It is installed in hotels and resorts ranging from 50-1,500 rooms. It is a complete hospitality solution expanding beyond traditional PMS solutions, enabling the resort to run its end-to-end operations, including front desk, housekeeping, maintenance, accounting, and condo owner management, with tight integration to Agilysys Sales & Catering, Spa, Golf, and Reserve. Versa provides an integrated solution with interfaces to leading global distribution systems, casino management systems, hospitality automation and our other products.

Agilysys Stay PMS is a core H&L solution. It is our cloud-native SaaS property management system that optimizes operational efficiency, increases revenue and enhances guest service. Agilysys Stay is currently generally available for all hotels and chains, as well as for select service casino hotels. Agilysys Stay offers powerful capabilities for multi-property operations, allowing managers to view guest profiles, history and reservations, as well as room availability and operational reports, seamlessly across multiple properties.
Focused on improving revenue and streamlining operations, Agilysys Stay is designed to enable hotels to gather and analyze guest information across properties that can be used to create loyalty-generating offers to guests and increase our customer wallet share. In addition, running natively in a browser on both desktop and tablet devices, it delivers real-time operating metrics so that hotels can more accurately forecast demand and scale guest services accordingly.
Hospitality & Leisure (H&L) Experience Enhancer Solutions:

Agilysys Book is a commission-free, easy-to-use reservation system that’s designed to move guests effortlessly through the booking process of hotel rooms, spa appointments and golf tee times for a single guest itinerary. The solution allows booking of one or more rooms and is seamlessly connected with our core PMS solutions to provide a flawless experience for guests and hotel operators. Agilysys Book is the only booking engine in the market that seamlessly integrates with the core primary gaming system and allows for casino operators to enable their patrons to self-book their entitlements resulting in increased guest satisfaction and reduced operational expenses. The solution also allows operators to capture increased revenue through add-ons and upsells of premium rooms.
The Agilysys Express Kiosk streamlines hotel check-in and check-out, improving both staff efficiency and the guest experience. By offering a user-friendly self-service option in the lobby, guests can bypass the front desk, leading to faster service and enhanced convenience without requiring additional front-line staff. The kiosk also includes ID verification to help hotels efficiently maintain security standards.

Agilysys Express Mobile simplifies check-in and check-out even further and at the same time allows operators to offer mobile keys, concurrent dining reservations or room upsells, all on a personal mobile device such as a smart phone or tablet. Properties are turning to mobility at an ever-increasing pace to improve efficiency. With Agilysys Express Mobile, it’s easy to reduce wait times and empower guests by putting the power of choice in the palm of their hand. Agilysys Express Mobile allows for digital ID verification before securely delivering the digital room key to the guest phone, allowing operators to maintain security standards while allowing the guest to bypass the front desk.

9

Agilysys Spa software covers all aspects of running a spa, from scheduling guests for services to managing staff schedules. With this guest-centric technology, spas have more time to focus on creating personalized experiences in places of quiet tranquility. Agilysys Spa is a single solution that connects effortlessly to our other software solutions. The solution includes real-time integration, simplifies the appointment booking process, enhances the guest experience, and maximizes the value of the spa as a revenue center.
Integrated with our booking engine, Agilysys Book, customers can book both their hotel room and their spa appointments from a single place, giving operators additional opportunities to upsell and cross sell various amenities that they offer.
Agilysys Golf is a guest centric golf management software that offers golf property managers complete pro shop management with tee time scheduling, member profile/billing, tournament management and Web and e-mail access bundled into one solution. Customers are given the option of using our robust built in retail POS module or they may choose to leverage the power of InfoGenesis. Staff can easily schedule and personalize reservations for guests, which then appear on itineraries, confirmations, and folios. Resort operations with multiple amenities can integrate with Agilysys Book and allow patrons to book both their resort reservation and their golf tee time simultaneously.

Agilysys Sales & Catering provides a cloud-native comprehensive sales & event management system that provides powerful tools for hotels, conference centers and resorts of all sizes. With a complete view of every group and event, as well as individual guests throughout their entire stay, the system analyzes the value of each guest and group across meeting and shoulder dates. The result is improved event revenue opportunities and streamlined management, enabling event planners and sales teams to more efficiently sell, manage and service their clients.

Agilysys Service is our integrated service optimization platform that allows our customers to provide an integrated hospitality experience for their guests while driving greater operational efficiency by connecting departments across the hotel, including the front desk, house-keeping, concierge, maintenance, bell desk, food runners, wait staff, etc. The Agilysys service platform provides a unified communication and messaging service for guest and staff interaction as well as internal staff interaction. Apart from providing the functionality for managing back of house operations like house-keeping, engineering and maintenance, the Agilysys service platform proactively tracks events and exceptions that take place in the hotel or resort and drive targeted action to ensure a high level of guest satisfaction at all times.

Agilysys Authorize provides support for fully-automated and secure online payments for room deposits, 3rd party guarantees and folio charges while eliminating the need for manual credit card authorization forms. Payment is seamlessly authorized and posted appropriately in real-time.

Agilysys DataMagine™ document management solution is a U.S.-patented imaging module and archiving solution that allows users to securely capture and retrieve documents and system-generated information. DataMagine integrates with other Agilysys products, adding functionality and providing seamless workflows to cross functional areas. DataMagine helps drive the Go Green initiative at a number of our customer sites by enabling a completely paperless experience through all facets of the customers operations, from signature capture at the front desk to automated routing of POs and requisition orders for approvals. DataMagine provides robust indexing and archiving features to allow easy contextual based document retrieval.

10

Agilysys Reserve solution is a guest-centric reservation and wait list management solution that helps operators book various venues and experiences. The solution allows operators to manage restaurant, cabana and auditorium reservations. With an innovative doll house view approach, patrons have the ability to select and book a specific seat in a restaurant or a specific cabana on a pool deck online. With built in price yielding capabilities, Agilysys Reserve allows operators to maximize revenue opportunities for various locations. Using the built-in guest management system, operators can build guest profiles and provide a superior experience while driving repeat guests.

Agilysys Digital Marketing provides a flexible hospitality marketing automation solution supporting guest email and SMS marketing communications through event and campaign-based rules. Marketers can segment guests by type or other criteria and send context-related communications at time of reservation, check-in, check-out or by marketing campaign types. Digital email campaigns allow users an inexpensive way to stay connected to their guest throughout the guest journey. The result is increased return visits and improved revenue from targeted offers based upon guest segment and journey stage.

Agilysys Retail is our basic POS solution to support retail item sales in spas, gift shops or pro-shops that don’t need a full enterprise POS system. The system allows you to easily setup and track inventory, sell items in conjunction with other services, and consolidate all charges on the guest folio.

Agilysys Central Reservations provides a single sign-on across multiple customer properties that allows staff to view guest profiles, trips, room availability across properties, make/modify/transfer reservations, scan property offers and rates, and more. The result is improved central reservations efficiency, increased revenue from cross-property sales and upsells, and superior guest service.

Agilysys Loyalty & Promotions provides a comprehensive loyalty and promotions management solution to help operators track guest preferences and craft a wide variety of programs and targeted offers. This solution supports point earning and redemption at every guest interaction and provides a guest portal for self-service account management. This solution helps our customers understand and leverage guest preferences for tailored promotions and offers, which drive repeat visits and a larger share of their spending.

Agilysys Membership helps customers control membership programs by defining membership types, facilitating online registration, and managing membership balances, among other things. Whether customers manage memberships for individuals, families, groups, corporate accounts or all of these, they define the parameters for each category. The membership portal allows easy online registrations for new guests and gives guests the ability to check their balances and redeem points via gift cards, eCash, loyalty, and more.

Agilysys Residence Management delivers a comprehensive approach to managing residences. Key features include detailed reports for analyzing profitability and unit-specific expenses, as well as robust tools for managing revenue allocations and splitting expenses across owners, the association, and the property.

11

Agilysys Guest App is a downloadable customer-branded mobile guest engagement app that provides a frictionless guest experience from booking to check-out. It combines a selection of Agilysys mobile applications in a single convenient app, including Agilysys Book for room, golf and spa reservations; Agilysys Express Mobile for mobile check in/out and digital room keys; and an administrative portal that provides a full content management system for complete control of branding, options, property images and more. It is available for iOS and Android mobile devices.
Inventory & Procurement Ecosystem Solutions:

Agilysys’ Eatec® solution provides core purchasing, inventory, recipe, forecasting, production and sales analysis functions and is unique in offering catering, restaurant, buffet management and nutrition modules in a single web-enabled solution. Agilysys’ Eatec Mobile is an optional app that can be downloaded from Google Play and Apple app stores and provides users with access to Eatec application from any Android® and iOS® device. Users can provide inventory receiving and transfer operations seamlessly from any mobile device even when they are offline using Eatec’s innovative store and forward capabilities.

Agilysys Stratton Warren System (SWS) integrates with all leading financial and POS software products. The software manages the entire procurement process via e-commerce, from business development to the management of enterprise-wide backend systems and daily operations. Agilysys SWS Direct is an add-on module for SWS that provides a convenient, efficient and intuitive shopping cart experience to SWS users. SWS Direct streamlines operations, provides enhanced bidding and request for pricing services, and offers supplier registration tools and self-service maintenance capabilities.
Representative Agilysys clients include:

7 Cedars Casino

Drury Hotels

Resorts World Bimini

AVI Foodsystems, Inc.

Ellis Island Hotel, Casino and Brewery

Rosen Hotels & Resorts

Banner Health

Golden Nugget Lake Charles

Rosewood Castiglion Del Bosco

Boyd Gaming Corporation

Grand Sierra Resort and Casino

Royal Caribbean Group

Caesars Entertainment

Hialeah Park

Spooky Nook Sports

Cal Dining at UC Berkeley

Hilton Worldwide

Station Casinos

Camelback Lodge & Waterpark

Inspire Resort Korea

The Kessler Collection

Carnival UK

Intercontinental Hotel Group

The Sea Pines Resort

Cartoon Network Hotel

Kimpton Hotels

The Venetian Resort Hotel Casino

Casino del Sol Resort

Marina Bay Sands Singapore

Treehouse – London

Catholic Charities

Marriott International

UT Southwestern Medical Center

Chukchansi Gold Resort & Casino

Maryland Live! Casino

Vail Resorts

Compass Group North America

MGM

Valley View Casino & Hotel

Comanche Nation of Oklahoma

Oxford Casino

Wendover Resorts

The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas

Pinehurst Resort

Dickies Arena

Prairie Band Casino & Resort

Industry and Markets
We are a technology software solutions company exclusively focused on the hospitality industry. Our products have been enabling mission-critical core hospitality operations for more than four decades. Our software solutions are essential for running the operations of the hospitality business and are designed to drive substantial customer benefits through increased revenue, improved operational efficiency, enhanced guest experience and improved employee morale. In addition, many of our solutions enable social distancing capabilities for our customers. Our innovative software solutions described above have been purpose-built to serve the unique needs of the following hospitality verticals: casinos, hotels, resorts, cruise ships, managed foodservice providers, sports and entertainment, and healthcare. We operate across North America, Europe, the Middle East, Asia-Pacific and India with headquarters located in Alpharetta, GA.

12

We estimate our total addressable market is approximately $16 billion in annual recurring revenue. While the size of the opportunity might face pressure in an economic downturn, we feel it remains in the billions of dollars while our business represents only a fraction of that size. We believe we are well positioned to win market share given our relative competitive strength in the industry.
Customers
Our customer base is highly fragmented and includes large, medium-sized and boutique hospitality providers, both owned and franchised, as well as divisions or departments of large corporations in the hospitality industry. We concentrate on serving the needs of customers in a range of settings where brand differentiation is important, and competition for guest recruitment is intense.
Human Capital
As of March 31, 2025, we employed approximately 2,200 employees, with approximately 68%, 28%, 3%, and 1% of our employees located in India, North America, Asia-Pacific, and EMEA, respectively. We recognize our employees as our greatest asset, and their well-being and growth are critical investments in our continued success.
Our senior management team is responsible for developing and executing our human capital strategy. Agilysys’ key human capital management objectives are to attract, retain and develop talent to deliver on our business strategy. Accordingly, we seek employees who share a passion for technology and its ability to improve our customers’ hospitality businesses in accordance with our mission statement: helping our customers improve employee and guest experiences, with dedication to past, present and future customer investments in our products and services.

We believe that our culture is essential to maintaining high quality services and solutions. Our culture impacts the quality of the employees we hire, the way we develop and maintain solutions, and the way we communicate and interact with our customers and each other. Our culture is the cornerstone representing our values, our behaviors, our way of working and how we approach our business. To reinforce our culture, we operate according to the Agilysys Code of Business Conduct, available on our website 
http://www
.agilysys.com
, which mandates full compliance with applicable laws and regulations and helps to preserve the integrity of our Company.
We believe we offer fair, competitive compensation and benefits that support our employees’ overall well-being and foster their growth and development. We offer our employees pay and benefits packages that we believe are competitive with others throughout our industry, as well as within the local markets in which we operate, and align individual performance with our success. For example, we recently launched an employee stock purchase plan to allow employees to share in the success of the company.

Our employee town hall meetings, conducted several times annually, play a vital role in fostering transparency, engagement, alignment, and a sense of community. These town halls provide a platform to recognize and celebrate employee achievements, milestones, and contributions, and provide an opportunity for employees to ask questions of leadership.
As recognition for our positive culture and commitment to our employees, we were awarded a LinkedIn Top Company 2024 Award for midsize employers.
We are committed to providing our employees with an environment free of discrimination, harassment and workplace violence. We make all benefit and employment-related decisions in compliance with equal employment opportunity statutes and without regard to religion, national origin, age, gender, race, color, ancestry, sexual orientation, disability, marital status, citizenship, pregnancy, medical condition or any other protected class status, as defined by local, state or federal laws. All employees, directors, independent contractors, and other parties who work with Agilysys are expected to create a working environment where everyone is respected, regardless of individual differences. We believe that each of our employees' individual experiences, character, and virtues enhance our culture and will increase our ability to attract and retain quality employees, customers, and suppliers.
Seasonality
Occasionally, the timing of large one-time orders, such as those associated with significant remarketed product sales around large customer refresh cycles or significant volume rollouts, creates variability in our quarterly results.

13

Intellectual Property
We rely on a combination of patent, trade secret, copyright, and trademark laws, a variety of contractual arrangements, such as license agreements, assignment agreements, confidentiality and non-disclosure agreements, and confidentiality procedures and technical measures to gain rights to and protect the intellectual property used in our business.
We do not believe that our business is dependent on any single item of intellectual property, or that any single item of intellectual property is material to the operation of our business. However, since we consider trademarks to be a valuable asset of our business, we have an ongoing trademark and service mark registration program pursuant to which we register our brand names and product names, taglines, and logos in the United States and other countries to the extent we determine registration to be appropriate and cost effective.
We intend to pursue additional intellectual property protection to the extent we believe it would be beneficial and cost effective. Despite our efforts to protect our intellectual property rights, they may not be respected in the future or may be invalidated, circumvented, or challenged. See the sections titled “Risk Factors,” including the section titled “Risk Factors — We may not be able to enforce or protect our intellectual property rights” for a description of the risks related to our intellectual property.
Competition
Our solutions face a highly competitive market. Competition exists with respect to developing and maintaining relationships with customers, pricing for products and solutions, and customer support and service.
We compete with other full-service providers who sell and deliver bundled POS and PMS solutions comprised of software, hardware, subscription, maintenance, and professional services. These companies, some of which are much larger than we are, include Oracle Corp., Shiji, Amadeus IT Group and Infor. We also compete with smaller software companies which provide either POS or PMS solutions like Maestro. In addition, we compete with PMS systems that are designed and maintained in-house by large hotel chains.
Environmental Matters
We believe we are compliant in all material respects with all applicable environmental laws. We do not anticipate that such compliance will have a material effect on capital expenditures, earnings or competitive position with respect to any of our operations. For information about governmental regulations applicable to our business, refer to Item 1A Risk Factors.
Access to Information
Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to these reports are available free of charge through our corporate website, 
http://www
.agilysys.com
, as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Copies are also available without charge by a written request to Agilysys, Inc., Attention: Investor Relations, 3655 Brookside Parkway, Suite 300, Alpharetta, Georgia 30022 or by requesting copies through our website, under “Investor Relations.” The information posted on our website is not incorporated into this Annual Report. Reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically, are maintained on the SEC website, 
http://www
.sec.gov
.
Item 1A.  R
isk Factors.
Risks Relating to Our Business
Markets, Competition, and Operations
Our business is impacted by changes in macroeconomic and global conditions.
Because we conduct our business internationally, changes in global, national, or regional economies, governmental policies (including in areas such as tariffs, trade relations, travel, immigration, healthcare, and related issues), political unrest, armed conflicts, natural disasters, or disease outbreaks may impact our business. Any general weakening of, and related declining corporate confidence in, the global economy or the curtailment in corporate spending could cause current or potential customers to reduce or eliminate their information technology budgets and spending, which could cause customers to delay, decrease or cancel purchases of our products and services; cause customers not to pay us; or to delay payment for previously purchased products and services.

14

Our business may be impacted by decreases in travel and leisure activities resulting from weak economic conditions, increases in energy prices and changes in tariffs and currency values, political instability, heightened travel security measures, travel advisories, disruptions in air travel, and concerns over disease, violence, war, and/or terrorism. Our business, markets, growth prospects and business model could be materially impacted or altered as a result of adverse changes in travel and leisure activities due to a pandemic or other wide-ranging and sustained events.
Our future success will depend on our ability to develop new solutions, product upgrades and services that achieve market acceptance.
Our business is characterized by rapid and continual changes in technology and evolving industry standards. We believe that in order to remain competitive in the future we need to continue to develop new products, product upgrades and services, requiring the investment of significant financial resources. If we fail to accurately anticipate our customer’s needs and technological trends, or are otherwise unable to complete the development of a product or product upgrade on a timely basis, we will be unable to introduce new products or product upgrades into the market that are demanded by our customers and prospective customers, and our business and operating results would be materially and adversely affected.
The development process for most new products and product upgrades is complicated, involves a significant commitment of time and resources and is subject to a number of risks and challenges including:
•
Managing the length of the development cycle for new products and product enhancements;
•
Adapting to emerging and evolving industry standards and to technological developments by our competitors and customers; and
•
Extending the operation of our products and services to new and evolving platforms, operating systems and hardware products, such as mobile devices.
Our product development activities are costly, and recovering our investment in product development may take a significant amount of time, if it occurs at all. We anticipate continuing to make significant investments in software research and development and related product opportunities because we believe it is necessary to compete successfully.
Our product development activities also could be impacted by competition from products with new features or new technologies, such as artificial intelligence (AI), that might render our existing products less competitive or obsolete. We may not respond effectively to the technological requirements of the changing market.
If we are not successful in managing these risks and challenges, or if our new products, product upgrades, and services are not technologically competitive or do not achieve market acceptance, our business and operating results could be adversely affected.
We face extensive competition in the markets in which we operate, and our failure to compete effectively could result in price reductions and/or decreased demand for our products and services.
Several companies offer products and services similar to ours. The rapid rate of technological change in the hospitality market makes it likely we will face competition from new products designed by companies not currently competing with us. We believe our competitive ability depends on our product offerings, our experience in the hospitality industry, our product development and systems integration capability, and our customer service organization. There is no assurance, however, that we will be able to compete effectively in the hospitality technology market in the future.
We compete for customers based on several factors, including price. The competitive markets in which we operate may require us to reduce our prices in order to contend with the pricing models of our competitors. If our competitors discount certain products or services, we may have to lower prices on certain products or services in order to attract or retain customers. Any such price modifications would likely reduce margins and could have adverse effects on our profitability. In addition, if we fail to reduce our prices in order to contend with the pricing models of our competitors, we may not be able to retain customers or grow our business, which could adversely affect our revenues and liquidity.
Our future success depends on our ability to execute on strategic initiatives, to properly manage investments in our business, and to enhance our existing operations and infrastructure.
Our long-term strategy is focused on continually investing in and growing our business and operations, both organically and through acquisitions.

15

Investments in new markets, solutions, and technologies, research and development, infrastructure and systems, geographic expansion, and talent are critical components for executing our strategy. In particular, we believe we must continue to dedicate a significant amount of resources to our research and development efforts to maintain our competitive position. Our investments in research and development may result in products or services that generate less revenue than we anticipate.
Such investments present challenges and risks and may not be successful financially or otherwise, especially in new areas in which we have little or no experience, and even if successful, may negatively impact our short-term profitability. To succeed in such efforts, we must be able to properly deploy financial and other resources, prioritize among opportunities, balance the extent and timing of investments with the associated impact on profitability, balance our focus between new development areas and the servicing of our existing customers, capture efficiencies and economies of scale, and compete in the new areas, or with the new solutions, in which we have invested.
Our success also depends on our ability to effectively and efficiently enhance our existing operations. Our existing infrastructure, systems, security, processes, and personnel may not be adequate for our current or future needs. System upgrades or new implementations can be complex, time-consuming, and expensive and we are not certain that we will not experience problems during or following such implementations, including among others, potential disruptions in our operations or financial reporting.
If we are unable to properly execute on growth initiatives, manage our investments, and enhance our existing operations and infrastructure, our results of operations and market share may be materially adversely affected.
Our dependence on certain suppliers makes us vulnerable to the extent we rely on them.
We rely on a concentrated number of suppliers for the majority of our hardware and for certain software and related service needs. We do not have long term agreements with many of these suppliers. If we can no longer obtain these hardware, software or services from our major suppliers due to mergers, acquisitions or consolidation within the marketplace, material changes in their partner programs, their refusal to continue to supply to us on reasonable terms or at all, and we cannot find suitable replacement suppliers, it may have a material adverse impact on our future operating results and gross margins.
If we cannot retain and recruit qualified personnel due to rising labor costs, changes to immigration laws, or other reasons, our ability to operate and grow our business may be impaired and our financial performance may suffer.
We depend on our employees to effectively run and grow our business. To grow successfully, we must retain existing employees and attract new qualified employees, particularly in growth areas we have identified. Employee retention is an industry challenge, especially given the competitive labor market for software developers. As we grow, we must enhance and expand our workforce to execute on new and complex opportunities. The market for qualified personnel is competitive in the geographies in which we operate and may be limited in the software development disciplines we seek to expand. We may be at a disadvantage to larger companies with greater brand recognition or financial resources or to start-ups or other emerging companies in trending market sectors. If we are unable to attract and retain qualified personnel when and where they are needed, our ability to effectively operate and grow our business could be impaired. Moreover, if we are not able to properly balance our investments in personnel with revenue growth, our profitability may be adversely affected. Further, because we rely on a global talent pool and frequently sponsor employees for U.S. work visas and permanent residency (green cards), changes in U.S. immigration policies may lead to increased uncertainty, processing delays, and higher rates of denial for visa and green card applications. Such delays and uncertainties could disrupt the employment of key personnel, increase our operational costs, and make it more difficult to retain certain employees, potentially harming our business and employee morale.
Our international operations have many associated risks.

We continue to strategically manage our presence in international markets, and these efforts require significant management attention and financial resources. We may not be able to successfully penetrate international markets, or, if we do, there can be no assurance that we will grow our business in these markets at the same rate as in North America. Because of inherent complexities and challenges in some international markets, lack of success in such markets could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flow, and financial condition.

16

We have international offices in Canada, the United Kingdom, Dubai, Australia, China, Hong Kong, Malaysia, the Philippines, Singapore, and India. We have committed resources to maintaining and further expanding, where appropriate, our sales offices and sales and support channels in key international markets. However, our efforts may not be successful. International sales are subject to many risks and difficulties, including those arising from the following: building and maintaining a competitive presence in new markets; staffing and managing foreign operations; complying with a variety of foreign laws, rules and regulations; producing localized versions of our products; developing integrations between our products and other locally-used products; import and export restrictions and tariffs; enforcing contracts and collecting accounts receivable; unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; reduced protection for intellectual property rights in some countries; potential adverse tax treatment; language and cultural barriers; foreign currency fluctuations; inflation and any regulatory actions to counter inflation; and political and economic instability abroad.
Natural disasters or other catastrophic events affecting our principal facilities could cripple our business.
Natural disasters or other catastrophic events, particularly those affecting employees in our Alpharetta headquarters or India research and development center, may cause damage or disruption to our operations, and thus could have a negative effect on us. Most of our administrative functions are concentrated in our Alpharetta headquarters and most of our software development activity is concentrated in our India research and development center. While we maintain crisis management and disaster response plans, a natural disaster, fire, power shortage, pandemic, act of terrorism or other catastrophic event occurring in either geographic location that prevents or substantially impairs our employees’ ability to work, either in the office or from home, could make it difficult or impossible for us to deliver our products and services to customers.
Regulatory Matters, Information Security, Data Privacy, and Product Stability
Our products and services may not function properly if we experience significant coding or configuration errors.

Despite testing prior to the release and throughout the lifecycle of a product or service, our on-premise and cloud-based solutions sometimes contain coding or configuration errors that can impact their function, performance and security, and result in other negative consequences. The detection and correction of any errors in released on-premise or cloud-based solutions can be time consuming and costly. Errors in our on-premise and cloud-based solutions could affect their ability to properly function, integrate or operate with other software or hardware offerings, could result in service interruptions, delays or outages, could create security vulnerabilities in our products or services, could delay the development or release of new products or services or new versions of products or services, and could adversely affect market acceptance of our products or services. This includes third-party software products or services incorporated into our own. If we experience any of these errors, or if there are delays in releasing our on-premise or cloud-based solutions or new versions of these offerings, our sales could be affected and revenues could decline. Customers rely on our on-premise and cloud-based solutions and related services to run their businesses, and errors in our solutions and related services could expose us to product liability, performance and warranty claims as well as significant harm to our brand and reputation, which could impact our future sales.
Implementation of software solutions often involves a significant commitment of resources, and any failure to deliver as promised on a significant implementation could adversely affect our business.
The implementation of software solutions often involves a significant commitment of resources and is subject to a number of significant risks over which we may or may not have control. These risks include:
•
the features of the implemented software may not meet the expectations or fit the business model of the customer;
•
our pool of implementation personnel cannot quickly and easily be augmented for complex implementation projects, such that resources issues, if not planned and managed effectively, could lead to costly project delays; 
•
customer-specific factors, such as the stability, functionality, interconnection and scalability of the customer’s pre-existing information technology infrastructure, as well as financial or other circumstances could destabilize, delay or prevent the completion of the implementation process; and 
•
customers and their partners may not fully or timely perform the actions required to be performed by them to ensure successful implementation, including measures we recommend to safeguard against technical and business risks. 

17

As a result of these and other risks, some of our customers may incur large, unplanned costs in connection with the purchase and installation of our solutions. Also, implementation projects could take longer than planned or fail. We may not be able to reduce or eliminate protracted installation or significant additional costs. Significant delays or unsuccessful customer implementation projects could result in cancellation or renegotiation of existing agreements, claims from customers, harm to our reputation and negatively impact our operating results.
We use open-source software in our solutions that may subject our solutions to general release or require us to re-engineer our solutions.
We use open-source software in our solutions and may use more open-source software in the future. From time to time, there have been accusations by companies claiming ownership of software that was previously thought to be open-source and that was incorporated by other companies into their products. As a result, we could be subject to legal claims by parties claiming ownership of what we believe to be open-source software.
Some open-source licenses contain requirements that we make available source code for modifications or derivative works we create based upon the open-source software and that we license these modifications or derivative works under the terms of a particular open-source license or other license granting third parties certain rights of further use. If we combine or, in some cases, link our proprietary software solutions with or to open-source software in a certain manner, we could, under certain open-source licenses, be required to release the source code of our proprietary software solutions or license such proprietary solutions under the terms of a particular open-source license or other license granting third parties certain rights of further use.
In addition to risks related to license requirements, usage of open-source software can lead to greater risks than use of third-party commercial software, as open-source licensors generally do not provide warranties or controls on the origin of the software. In addition, open-source license terms may be ambiguous and many of the risks associated with usage of open-source cannot be eliminated, and could, if not properly addressed, negatively affect our business. If we were found to have inappropriately used open-source software, we may be required to seek licenses from third parties in order to continue offering our software, to re-engineer our solutions, to discontinue the sale of our solutions in the event re-engineering cannot be accomplished on a timely basis or take other remedial action that may divert resources away from our development efforts, any of which could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition.
We are subject to complex, evolving regulatory requirements that may be difficult and expensive to comply with and that could negatively impact our business.
Our business and operations are subject to a variety of regulatory requirements in the countries in which we operate or in which we offer our solutions, including, among other things, with respect to data privacy, artificial intelligence (“AI”), information security, trade compliance, tax, and labor matters.
In addition, as we are increasingly building and licensing from third party providers new and evolving technologies, such as AI, machine learning, analytics, and biometrics, as part of our offerings, our business and operations may become subject to additional complex and evolving regulatory requirements pertaining to the sale or use of these technologies. The evolving regulatory environment surrounding these new technologies may also increase our research and development costs, compliance costs, and confidentiality and security risks, and result in inconsistencies in evolving legal frameworks across jurisdictions. The sale of these technologies, or their use by us or by our customers or partners, may also subject us to additional risks, including reputational harm, competitive harm or legal liabilities, due to their perceived or actual impact on human rights, privacy, employment, or in other social or discriminatory contexts. Third-parties may criticize us or seek to hold us responsible not only for our own activities in this regard but also for the activities of our customers or partners.
We may become subject to regulation and disclosure requirements related to environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) matters. In addition, stakeholders, including investors, customers, suppliers and employees, may pressure us to make commitments on these matters that may be difficult to manage or achieve. If we fail to make or meet such commitments, we may be subject to criticism, reputational harm or legal liability.
The application of various laws and regulations to our business is often unclear and may at times conflict. Compliance with applicable regulatory requirements may be onerous, time-consuming, and expensive, especially where these requirements are inconsistent from jurisdiction to jurisdiction or where the jurisdictional reach of certain requirements is not clearly defined or seeks to reach across national borders. Regulatory requirements in one jurisdiction may make it difficult or impossible to do business in or comply with the rules of another jurisdiction.

18

While we endeavor to implement policies, procedures, and systems designed to achieve compliance with these regulatory requirements, we cannot assure you that these policies, procedures, or systems will be adequate or that we or our personnel will not violate these policies and procedures or applicable laws and regulations. Violations of these laws or regulations may harm our reputation and deter government agencies and other existing or potential customers or partners from purchasing our solutions. Furthermore, non-compliance with applicable laws or regulations could result in fines, damages, criminal sanctions against us, our officers or our employees, restrictions on the conduct of our business, and damage to our reputation.
Cyber-attacks involving our systems and data could expose us to liability or harm our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our business.
We rely on information technology networks and systems, some of which are owned and operated by third parties, to collect, process, transmit, and store electronic information on behalf of our customers. We also depend on our information technology infrastructure for a variety of functions, including worldwide financial reporting, procurement, invoicing, and email communications. These systems are susceptible to outages due to fire, floods, power loss, telecommunications failures, hacking, terrorist attacks, and similar events.
We have implemented security measures and controls intended to protect our IT infrastructure, data centers and other systems and data against cyber-attacks. Despite our implementation of security measures and controls, our systems and those of third parties upon whom we rely are vulnerable to attack from numerous threat actors, including sophisticated nation-state and nation-state-supported actors. Threat actors have and may in the future be able to compromise our security measures or otherwise exploit vulnerabilities in our systems, including vulnerabilities that may have been introduced through the actions of our employees or contractors or defects in the design or manufacture of our products and systems or the products and systems that we procure from third parties. Our systems, and those of our third-party providers, have and could in the future become subject to cyber-attacks, including using computer viruses, credential harvesting, dedicated denial of services attacks, malware, social engineering, and other means for obtaining unauthorized access to, or disrupting the operation of, our systems and those of our third-party providers.

In addition, threat actors are also increasingly using tools and techniques that circumvent controls, evade detection, and remove forensic evidence, which means that we and others may be unable to anticipate, detect, deflect, contain or recover from cyberattacks in a timely or effective manner. As AI capabilities improve and are increasingly adopted, we may see cyberattacks created through AI. These attacks could be crafted with an AI tool to directly attack IT systems with increased speed and/or efficiency than a human threat actor or create more effective phishing emails. Our network and storage applications, as well as those of our customers, business partners, and third-party providers, may be subject to unauthorized access by hackers or breached due to operator error, malfeasance or other system disruptions.
The number and scale of cyberattacks have continued to increase and the methods and techniques used by threat actors, including sophisticated “supply-chain” attacks, continue to evolve at a rapid pace. As a result, we may be unable to identify current attacks, anticipate future attacks or implement adequate security measures. We may also experience security breaches that may remain undetected for an extended period and, therefore, have a greater impact on our systems, our products, the proprietary data contained therein, our customers, and ultimately, our business.
For example, we use Progress Software’s MOVEit Transfer application to enable file transfers with some of our customers. On May 31, 2023, Progress Software disclosed that it had identified a previously unknown vulnerability in its MOVEit Transfer application. We immediately followed the recommendations from Progress Software to address the vulnerabilities in the MOVEit Transfer application. However, we identified unauthorized file downloads from our MOVEit Transfer application impacting about 130 customers who used our InfoGenesis POS, Eatec and Agilysys Analyze products. All impacted customers were notified in June 2023, and the incident has not had a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operation.
Cyberattacks on our systems and “supply-chain” attacks on systems of third parties upon whom we rely, and any related operational disruptions, unauthorized access, or misappropriation of information (including personally identifiable information or personal data), could create costly litigation, significant financial liability, and a loss of confidence in our ability to serve customers and cause current or potential customers to choose another provider, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, reputation, and results of operations.

19

Privacy, information security, and data protection laws, rules, and regulations could affect or limit how we collect and use personal information, increase our costs, and adversely affect our business opportunities. A failure to comply with applicable privacy or data protection laws could cause litigation, harm our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our business.
We collect, process, transmit, and/or store (on our systems and those of third-party providers) customer transactional data, as well as their guests’ and our customers’ and employees’ personally identifiable information and/or other data and information. Personally identifiable information is increasingly subject to legislation and regulations in numerous jurisdictions with regard to privacy and data security such as the California Consumer Privacy Act and the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation. Moreover, what constitutes personally identifiable information and what other data and/or information is subject to privacy laws varies by jurisdiction and continues to evolve. Our failure and/or the failure of our customers, vendors, and service providers to comply with applicable privacy and data protection laws and regulations could damage our reputation, discourage current and/or potential customers from using our products and services, and result in fines, governmental investigations and/or enforcement actions, complaints by private individuals, and/or the payment of penalties to consumers.
In addition, many U.S. and foreign laws and regulations, including those promulgated by the SEC, require companies to provide notice of cybersecurity incidents involving certain types of personal data or unauthorized access to, or interference with, our information systems to the public, certain individuals, the media, government authorities, or other third parties. Certain of these laws and regulations include notice or disclosure obligations contingent upon the result of complex analyses, including in some cases a determination of materiality. The nature of cybersecurity incidents can make it difficult to quickly and comprehensively assess an incident's overall impact to our business, and we may make errors in our assessments. If we are unable to appropriately assess a cybersecurity incident in the context of required analyses then we could face compliance issues under these laws and regulations, and we could be subject to lawsuits, regulatory fines or investigations, or other liabilities, any or all of which could adversely affect our business and operating results. Furthermore, cybersecurity incidents experienced by us, or by our customers or vendors, that lead to public disclosures may also lead to widespread negative publicity and increased government or regulatory scrutiny. Any security compromise in our industry, whether actual or perceived, could harm our reputation; erode customer confidence in our security measures; negatively affect our ability to attract new customers; or subject us to third-party lawsuits, regulatory fines or investigations, or other liability, any or all of which could adversely affect our business and operating results. Even the perception of inadequate security may damage our reputation and negatively impact our ability to win new customers and retain existing customers.
Additionally, we could be required to expend significant capital and other resources to investigate and address any actual or suspected cybersecurity incident or to prevent further or additional incidents. To maintain business relationships, we may find it necessary or desirable to incur costs to provide remediation and incentives to customers or other business partners following an actual or suspected security incident. We also cannot be sure that our existing cybersecurity insurance will continue to be available on acceptable terms, in sufficient amounts to cover any claims we submit, or at all. Further, we cannot be sure that insurers will not deny coverage as to any claim, and some security incidents may be outside the scope of our coverage, including in instances where they are considered force majeure events. Security incidents may result in increased costs for cybersecurity insurance. One or more large, successful claims against us in excess of our available insurance coverage, or changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or large deductible or co-insurance requirements, could have an adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition.
Actual or perceived security vulnerabilities in our software solutions may result in reduced sales or liabilities.
We have implemented policies and procedures, and use information technology systems, to help ensure the proper handling of our customers’ and their customers' data from both a data privacy and an information security perspective. We also evaluate the information security of potential partners and vendors as part of our selection process and attempt to negotiate adequate protections from such third parties when we enter into contracts with them. Our customer contracts also obligate our customers to undertake steps necessary for satisfying individual rights under laws and regulations. While these policies, procedures, systems, contractual provisions, and measures are designed to mitigate the risks associated with handling or processing personal data, including categories of personal data which may be classed as sensitive data, they cannot always safeguard against all risks, nor can we control the actions of third parties, including vendors, customers, employees and partners. In addition, it may be possible for customer and guest data to be compromised from a customers’ information technology system if our customer does not maintain appropriate data privacy and information security procedures.

20

The improper handling of personal data including sensitive data, or even the perception of such mishandling (whether or not valid), or other security lapses or breaches affecting us, our partners, our customers, or our products or services, could reduce demand for our products or services or otherwise expose us to financial or reputational harm or legal liability.
For certain products and services, including our cloud hosting operations, we rely on third-party providers, which may create significant risk exposure for us.
We maintain relationships with third parties to provide certain services to us or to our customers, including cloud hosting and other cloud-based services. We make contractual obligations to customers based on these relationships and, in some cases, also entrust these providers with both our own sensitive data as well as the sensitive data of our customers (that may include sensitive guest data). If these third-party providers do not perform as expected or encounter service disruptions, cyber-attacks, data breaches, or other difficulties, we or our customers may be materially and adversely affected, including, among other things, by facing increased costs, potential liability to customers, guests, or other third parties, regulatory issues, and reputational harm. If it is necessary to migrate these services to other providers because of poor performance, security considerations, or other financial or operational factors, it could result in service disruptions to our customers and significant time, expense, or exposure to us, any of which could materially adversely impact our business.
We also purchase hardware and technology, in some cases, from companies that may compete with us or work with our competitors. While we endeavor to use larger, more established providers wherever possible, in some cases, the providers may be smaller, less established companies, particularly in the case of new or unique technologies that we have not developed internally.
If any of these providers experience financial, operational, or quality assurance difficulties, or if any cease production, or there is any other disruption in the services we or our customers receive, including as a result of the acquisition of a supplier or partner by a competitor, cyber security issues, macroeconomic issues, or otherwise, we will be required to locate and migrate to alternative sources or providers, to internally develop the applicable technologies, to redesign our products, or to remove certain features from our products or to reduce our service levels, any of which would likely increase our expenses, create delays, or negatively impact our revenues. Although we strive to establish contractual protections with key providers, such as source code escrows, warranties, and indemnities, we may not be successful in obtaining adequate protections, these agreements may be short-term in duration, and the counterparties may be unwilling or unable to stand behind such protections. Moreover, these types of contractual protections offer limited practical benefits to us in the event our relationship with a key provider is interrupted.
We may not be able to enforce or protect our intellectual property rights.
We rely on a combination of copyright, patent, trademark and trade secret laws and restrictions on disclosure to protect our intellectual property rights. We cannot be certain that the steps we have taken will prevent unauthorized use of our technology. Any failure to protect our intellectual property rights would diminish or eliminate the competitive advantages that we derive from our proprietary technology.
We may be subject to claims of infringement of third-party intellectual property rights.
Third parties may assert claims that our software or technology infringe, misappropriate, or otherwise violate their intellectual property or other proprietary rights. Such claims may be made by our competitors seeking to obtain a competitive advantage or by other parties. The risk of claims may increase as the number of software products that we offer and competitors in our market increase and overlaps occur. Any such claims, regardless of merit, that result in litigation could result in substantial expenses, cause reputational harm, divert the attention of management, cause significant delays in introducing new or enhanced services or technology, materially disrupt the conduct of our business, and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

While we do not believe that our products and services infringe any patents or other intellectual property rights, from time to time, we receive claims that we have infringed the intellectual property rights of others. For example, on April 6, 2012, Ameranth, Inc. filed a complaint against us in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of California, alleging that certain of our products infringe patents owned by Ameranth directed to configuring and transmitting hospitality menus (e.g., restaurant menus) for display on electronic devices, and synchronizing the menu content between the devices. Although judgement was entered for us and against Ameranth on all claims in that suit in 2022, the litigation resulted in substantial expenses, even though it did not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

21

If we fail to meet our customers’ performance expectations, our reputation may be harmed, and we may be exposed to legal liability.
Our ability to attract and retain customers depends to a large extent on our relationships with our customers and our reputation for high quality services and solutions. As a result, if a customer is not satisfied with our products and services, our reputation may be damaged. Moreover, if we fail to meet our customers’ performance expectations or if customers experience service disruptions, breaches or other quality issues, we may lose customers and be subject to legal liability, particularly if such failure, service disruptions or breaches adversely impact our customers’ businesses.
In addition, many of our projects are critical to the operations of our customers’ businesses. While our contracts typically include provisions designed to limit our exposure to legal claims relating to our products and services, these provisions may not adequately protect us or may not be enforceable in all cases. The general liability insurance coverage that we maintain, including coverage for errors and omissions, is subject to important exclusions and limitations. We cannot be certain that this coverage will continue to be available on reasonable terms or will be available in sufficient amounts to cover one or more large claims, or that the insurer will not disclaim coverage as to any future claim. A successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceeds our available insurance coverage or changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements, could adversely affect our profitability.
Risks Relating to the Industries We Serve
Our business depends to a significant degree on the hospitality industry, and instability and downturns in the hospitality industry could adversely affect our business and results of operations.
Because our customer base is concentrated in the hospitality industry, our business and sales are largely dependent on the health of that industry, which in turn is dependent on the domestic and international economy. Instabilities or downturns in the hospitality industry, such as those resulting from the impacts of pandemics, geopolitical unrest, economic uncertainty, among other things, could disproportionately impact our revenue, as customers may exit the industry or delay, cancel or reduce planned expenditures for our products.
Consolidation in the gaming and other hospitality industries could adversely affect our business.
Customers that we serve may seek to achieve economies of scale and other synergies by combining with or acquiring other companies. The hospitality industry has experienced recent consolidations, including the hotel and gaming sectors of the industry. Although recent consolidations in the hospitality industry have not materially adversely affected our business, there is no assurance that future consolidations will not have an impact. For example, if one of our current customers merges or consolidates with a company that relies on another provider’s products or services, it could decide to reduce or cease its purchases of products or services from us, which could have an adverse effect on our business.
Insolvencies in the hospitality industry could adversely affect our business.
Customers that we serve may be or become insolvent. Loss of revenue and other operating challenges may cause some of our customers to declare bankruptcy or cause their lenders to declare a default, accelerate the related debt, or foreclose on their property. Customers in bankruptcy may not have sufficient assets to pay us unpaid fees or reimbursements we are owed under their agreements with us. If a significant number of customers file for bankruptcy or otherwise fail to pay amounts owed to us, our revenues and liquidity could be adversely affected.

22

Risks Relating to Our Finances and Capital Structure
Our stock has been volatile, and we expect that it will continue to be volatile.
During the year ended March 31, 2025, the trading price of our common stock ranged from a low close of $71.45 to a high close of $141.74. The market price for our common stock could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to many risk factors listed in this section, and others beyond our control. Factors affecting the trading price of our common stock may include, but are not limited to:
•
uncertainties in the global economy;
•
economic news or other events generally causing volatility in the trading markets;
•
our operating results failing to meet the expectation of securities analysts or investors in a particular period or failure of securities analysts to publish reports about us or our business;
•
announcements by us or our competitors of acquisitions, new offerings or improvements, significant contracts, commercial relationships or capital commitments;
•
our ability to market new and enhanced solutions on a timely basis;
•
any major change in our board or management; and
•
general economic and political conditions such as recessions, interest rates, tariffs, fuel prices, international currency fluctuations, global or regional pandemics, and acts of war or terrorism.
Additionally, our ownership base has been and may continue to be concentrated in a few shareholders, which could increase the volatility of our common share price over time.
If we acquire new businesses, we may not be able to successfully integrate them or attain the anticipated benefits.
As part of our operating history and growth strategy, we have acquired other businesses. In the future, we may continue to seek acquisitions. We can provide no assurance that we will be able to identify and acquire targeted businesses or obtain financing for such acquisitions on satisfactory terms. The process of integrating acquired businesses into our operations may result in unforeseen difficulties and may require a disproportionate amount of resources and management attention. If integration of our acquired businesses is not successful, we may not realize the potential benefits of an acquisition or suffer other adverse effects.
Our financial results may be significantly impacted by changes in our tax position.
We are subject to taxes in the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Our future effective tax rates could be impacted by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation allowance on deferred tax assets (including our net operating loss carryforwards), changes in unrecognized tax benefits, or changes in tax laws or their interpretation. Any of these changes could have a material adverse effect on our profitability. In addition, the tax authorities in the jurisdictions in which we operate, including the United States, may from time to time review the pricing arrangements between us and our foreign subsidiaries or among our foreign subsidiaries. An adverse determination by one or more tax authorities in this regard may have a material adverse effect on our financial results.
We have significant deferred tax assets which can provide us with significant future cash tax savings if we are able to use them, including significant net operating losses. However, the extent to which we will be able to use these net operating losses may be impacted, restricted, or eliminated by a number of factors, including changes in tax rates, laws or regulations, and whether we generate sufficient future taxable income. To the extent that we are unable to utilize our net operating losses or other losses, our results of operations, liquidity, and financial condition could be materially adversely impacted. When we cease to have net operating losses available to us in a particular tax jurisdiction, either through their expiration, disallowance, or utilization, our cash tax liability will increase in that jurisdiction.

23

We are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations that could negatively impact our financial results.
We earn revenue, pay expenses, own assets, and incur liabilities in countries using currencies other than the U.S. dollar, including the British pound sterling, euro, Indian rupee, Australian dollar, Singapore dollar, and Canadian dollar, among others. Because our consolidated financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars, we must translate revenue, expenses, assets, and liabilities of entities using non-U.S. dollar functional currencies into U.S. dollars using currency exchange rates in effect during or at the end of each reporting period, meaning that we are exposed to the impact of changes in currency exchange rates. In addition, the revaluation and settlement of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar impact our net income with associated gains or losses recorded within other income (expense), net.
We are exposed to tariff policy changes that could negatively impact our financial results.
The current global trade environment is characterized by uncertainty and evolving tariff policies. Further imposition of increased tariffs, trade restrictions, or trade disputes between major economies could lead to broader economic instability, decreased global customer demand, and increased volatility in currency exchange rates. Higher prices for goods due to tariffs may reduce consumer spending, which could lead to decreased demand for our customers’ products, which may ultimately affect our revenue and profitability. These factors could negatively impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
We may have exposure to greater than anticipated tax liabilities.
Some of our products and services may be subject to sales taxes in jurisdictions where we have not collected and remitted such taxes from our customers. We believe we have appropriately accrued for these contingencies. In the event actual results differ, we may need to make adjustments, which could materially impact our financial condition and results of operations.
We may incur goodwill and intangible asset impairment charges that adversely affect our operating results.
As of March 31, 2025, we had $130.6 million of goodwill and $70.8 million of intangible assets, net, on our Consolidated Balance Sheet. We review our indefinite-lived intangible assets including goodwill for impairment on at least an annual basis or more frequently if an event or events indicate the potential for impairment. We assess as needed whether there have been impairments in our other intangible assets. We make assumptions and estimates in our assessments that can be complex and subjective. In our assumptions and estimates we consider whether negative factors exist such as deteriorating economic conditions, disruptions to our business, inability to effectively integrate acquired businesses, intensified competition, market capitalization declines, or significant changes in use of the intangible assets. To the extent that such factors or other negative factors emerge, we may record non-cash impairment charges in the future that could negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations.
We may encounter risks associated with maintaining large cash balances.
While we have attempted to invest our cash balances in investments we consider to be relatively safe, we nevertheless confront credit and liquidity risks. Bank failures could result in reduced liquidity or the actual loss of money held in deposit accounts in excess of federally insured amounts, if any.
Other Risk Factors
Provisions of our corporate governance documents and Delaware Law could make an acquisition of the company more difficult and may prevent attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management, even if beneficial to our stockholders.
Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and the Delaware General Corporation Law (the “DGCL”), contain provisions that could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us, even if doing so might be beneficial to our stockholders. These provisions include:
•
advance notice requirements for stockholder proposals and director nominations;
•
the ability of our board of directors to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of our board of directors;
•
the ability of our board of directors to issue up to 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, in one or more series, without stockholder approval and with such designations, powers, preferences and rights, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions as our board of directors may deem appropriate;

24

•
prohibition on the ability of stockholders to call special meetings; and
•
the required approval of holders of at least two-thirds of the voting power of our issued and outstanding capital stock entitled to vote in the election of directors to adopt, amend or repeal certain provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, though our bylaws can also be amended by vote of our board of directors.
In addition, Section 203 of the DGCL may affect the ability of an “interested stockholder” to engage in certain business combinations, for a period of three years following the time that the stockholder becomes an “interested stockholder.”
Because our board of directors is responsible for appointing the members of our management team, these provisions could in turn affect any attempt to replace current members of our management team. As a result, you may lose your ability to sell your stock for a price in excess of the prevailing market price due to these protective measures, and efforts by stockholders to change the direction or management of the company may be unsuccessful.
Accounting principle updates could have a negative impact on our financial condition or operating results.

We prepare our Consolidated Financial Statements in conformity with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (“GAAP”). Our application of new accounting principles can have a significant impact on our operating results including previously reported results subject to any retroactive treatment. In addition, new accounting principles may require significant changes to certain aspects of our business including how we operate and contract with our customers and suppliers. In order to manage such changes, we may incur significant costs to implement and maintain potentially extensive updates to our accounting systems and internal control over financial reporting that could negatively impact our financial condition and the results of our operations. Furthermore, difficulties or delays in applying new accounting principles could result in a failure to meet our financial reporting obligations.

If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may be unable to prevent or detect fraud or internal control deficiencies including material weaknesses, which could have a material adverse impact on our business.
We design and operate our internal control over financial reporting to provide reasonable assurance about the reliability of financial reporting including the preparation of our Consolidated Financial Statements in accordance with GAAP.  Because of its inherent limitations, our system of internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect every misstatement. Accordingly, although the Company’s management has concluded that our internal controls are effective as of March 31, 2025, we cannot provide absolute assurance that the objectives of our controls system are met. No evaluation of internal controls can provide absolute assurance that control matters and instances of fraud, if any, within our Company have been detected.
Item 1B.  Unresolv
ed Staff Comments.
None.
Item 1C.  Cybersecurity.
We have an enterprise-wide information security program designed to identify, protect, detect, respond to and manage reasonably foreseeable cybersecurity risks and threats. To protect our information systems from cybersecurity threats, we use various security tools and third-party managed security services that help prevent, identify, escalate, investigate, resolve and recover from identified vulnerabilities and security incidents in a timely manner. These include, but are not limited to, internal reporting, monitoring and detection tools. Security awareness training is also a key component of our information security program and involves required training for our employees several times per year.
We also evaluate the information security of potential partners and vendors as part of our vendor selection process and attempt to negotiate adequate protections from such third parties when we enter into contracts with them. Although our security program is designed to identify, prioritize, assess, mitigate and remediate third party risks, we rely on our partners and vendors to implement security programs commensurate with their risk, and we cannot ensure in all circumstances that their efforts will be successful.
We regularly assess risks from cybersecurity and technology threats and monitor our information systems for potential vulnerabilities. We use a widely-adopted risk quantification model to identify, measure and prioritize cybersecurity and technology risks and develop related security controls and safeguards to mitigate such risks. We conduct regular reviews and tests of our information security program and also leverage tabletop exercises, penetration and vulnerability testing,

25

and third-party red team exercises to evaluate the effectiveness of our information security program and improve our security measures.

We also 
engage
 an external auditor to conduct an annual Security and Organizational Controls 2 (SOC 2) examination of the security controls for systems storing customer data. The external auditor additionally conducts an annual payment card industry (PCI) data security standard review of our security controls that protect payment information.
Our systems periodically experience attacks intended to lead to interruptions and delays in our services and operations as well as loss, misuse or theft of personal information (of third parties, employees, and our customers) and other data, confidential information or intellectual property. However, 
no cybersecurity incidents have had a material impact on our business, financial condition
 or results of operations, and we are not presently aware of any cybersecurity threats that are reasonably likely to materially affect us. Any significant disruption to our service or access to our systems could result in a loss of customer data and adversely affect our business and results of operation. Further, a penetration of our systems or a third-party’s systems or other misappropriation or misuse of personal information could subject us to business, regulatory, litigation and reputation risk, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. See "Risk Factors — Cyber-attacks involving our systems and data could expose us to liability or harm our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our business.”
The Vice President and Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) leads the global information security organization responsible for overseeing our information security program. 
Our CISO has over 25 years of industry experience, including serving in similar roles leading and overseeing cybersecurity programs at other public companies, and is a Certified Information Security Professional and Information Systems Security Architecture Professional.
 Team members who support our information security program have relevant educational and industry experience, including having held similar positions at large technology companies. 
Given the nature of our business, management is highly focused on identifying and managing cybersecurity risks, and our CISO and information security teams provide regular reports to senior management and other relevant teams on various cybersecurity threats, assessments and findings.
The Board has primary responsibility for oversight of the Company’s cybersecurity risks. The Audit Committee is also responsible for reviewing the Company’s cybersecurity risks and the steps that management has taken to protect against threats to the Company’s information systems and security. 
The Audit Committee has formed a Cybersecurity Risk Subcommittee consisting of two independent directors to assist the Audit Committee in its oversight of cybersecurity risks.
 By its charter, all members of the Cybersecurity Risk Subcommittee must have a background or experience in information technology or cybersecurity and an understanding of cyber threats, risk mitigation and policy.
The results of our SOC 2 and PCI assessments are annually reported to the Cybersecurity Risk Subcommittee. Both the Subcommittee and the Board receive regular reports from 
our CISO on various cybersecurity matters, including risk assessments, mitigation strategies, areas of emerging risks, incidents and industry trends, and other areas of importance.
 The Board also oversees our annual enterprise risk assessment, where we assess key risks within the company, including cyber security and technology risks.
Item 2.  P
roperties.
Our corporate headquarters is located in Alpharetta, Georgia where we lease approximately 28,000 square feet of office space. In addition, we lease approximately 36,000 square feet of office space in Las Vegas, Nevada, 8,000 square feet of office space in Bellevue, Washington, 3,000 square feet of office space in Santa Barbara, California, and 6,000 square feet of warehouse space in Roswell, Georgia. Internationally, we lease approximately 197,000 square feet of office space in Chennai, India, 14,000 square feet in Markham, Canada, 2,000 square feet in Toronto, Canada, and lease several other smaller office locations throughout Europe and Asia. Our major leases contain renewal options for periods of up to 5 years. We believe our office space facilities are sufficient to meet our current needs and do not anticipate any difficulty securing additional space as needed.

26