Item 3. 
Legal Proceedings
21
Item 4.
Mine Safety Disclosures
21
Part II
Item 5.
Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
21
Item 6.
[RESERVED]
22
Item 7. 
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation
22
Item 7A.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
30
Item 8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
31
Item 9. 
Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures
60
Item 9A.
Controls and Procedures
61
Item 9B.
Other Information
61
Item 9C.
Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections
62
Part III
Item 10. 
Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
62
Item 11.
Executive Compensation
62
Item 12. 
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
62
Item 13.
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
62
Item 14.
Principal Account
ant
 Fees and Services
62
Part IV
Item 15.
Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules
63
Signatures
67

PART I
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
This Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 (this “Annual Report”) contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (the “PSLRA”), which statements involve substantial risks and uncertainties. The forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report are intended to qualify for the protection of the safe harbor provided by the PSLRA and are based primarily on our current expectations and projections about future events and trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition, operating results, cash flows and/or prospects. Forward-looking statements include all statements that are not statements of historical fact. Forward-looking statements can also be identified by words such as “may,” “will,” “should,” “might,” “expects,” “plans,” “anticipates,” “could,” “intends,” “target,” “projects,” “contemplates,” “believes,” “estimates,” “predicts,” “potential,” “future,” or “continue,” or the negative of these words or other similar terms or expressions. Examples of forward-looking statements include, among others, statements regarding changes in the competitive environment, responding to customer needs, research and product development plans, future products and services, growth in the size of our business and number of customers, strategic plans and objectives, business forecasts and plans, our future or assumed financial condition, results of operations and liquidity, trends affecting our business and industry, capital needs and financing plans, capital resource allocation plans, share repurchase plans, and commitments and contingencies, including with respect to the outcome of legal proceedings or regulatory matters. We cannot assure you that the results, events, and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur, and actual results, events, or circumstances could differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. The outcome of the events described in these forward-looking statements is subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors, including those risks, uncertainties and other factors described in the sections entitled “Risk Factors” and “Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in this Annual Report, as well as in the other reports we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). You should read this Annual Report, and the other documents we file with the SEC, with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from the results expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. As such, you should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. Any forward-looking statement made by us in this Annual Report is based only on information currently available to us and speaks only as of the date on which it is made. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Annual Report or to reflect new information or the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required by law.