ITEM 3.

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
From time to time, we are involved in various investigative inquiries, legal proceedings and disputes arising from or related to matters incident to the ordinary course of our business activities, including actions with respect to intellectual property, employment, labor, regulatory and contractual matters. Although the ultimate outcome of such investigative inquiries, legal proceedings and other disputes cannot be predicted with certainty, we do not believe that any such pending investigative inquires, legal proceedings and other disputes, if determined adversely to us, would, individually or taken together, have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition or cash flows. 
For additional information regarding legal proceedings, refer to Note 12, 
Commitments and Contingencies
 of our Consolidated Financial Statements.
ITEM 4.

MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES
Not applicable.
PART II
ITEM 5.      MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
Market for our Common Stock
Our Class A common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Global Market under the symbol "APPF". 
Our Class B common stock is not listed or traded on any stock exchange.
Holders of Record
At January 30, 2025, there were 30 holders of record of our Class A common stock and 55 holders of record of our Class B common stock. Because many of our shares of Class A common stock are held by brokers and other institutions on behalf of stockholders, we are unable to estimate the total number of stockholders represented by these record holders.
Dividend Policy
21
We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our capital stock. We do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends to holders of our capital stock in the foreseeable future and intend to retain all future earnings for use in the growth of our business. 
Stock Performance Graph
The following performance graph compares the cumulative total return on our Class A common stock with that of the S&P 500 Index and the NASDAQ Computer Index. This graph assumes that, at the close of market on December 31, 2019, $100 was invested in our Class A common stock, the S&P 500 Index and the NASDAQ Computer Index, and assumes the reinvestment of any dividends. 
The comparisons in the graph below are based upon historical data and are not indicative of, nor intended to forecast, future performance of our common stock. 

This performance graph shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or incorporated by reference into any of our other filings under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.
Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Purchases of Equity Securities
None.
ITEM 6.     [RESERVED]