Item 1. Business.

We are a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to reinventing the treatment of human disease through the development of innovative, highly differentiated medicines that address significant health problems and that meaningfully improve patients’ lives. We are committed to advancing novel technologies to address targets that have known disease-causing biology, but which have not been drugged, or have been inadequately drugged, often based on limitations of existing technologies. Our approach is intended to discover and develop a new generation of medicines in a disease-agnostic manner.

We are a leader in targeted protein degradation, or TPD, a next-generation small molecule therapeutic modality that engages the body’s natural cellular recycling system to selectively eliminate disease-causing proteins. Our objective is to develop molecules that are both potent and highly selective, creating the potential for our medicines to uniquely address diseases that are poorly served by current treatment options. To date, we have progressed five programs into clinical development and expect to advance at least one new molecular entity into clinical testing annually. We intend to leverage our drug development expertise to become a fully integrated biopharmaceutical company with an industry-leading pipeline of novel medicines.

Our current focus is primarily directed at high-value targets in immunology. We believe there are more than 160 million patients in the United States, Europe and Japan that are diagnosed with some of the most prevalent immune-inflammatory diseases that our programs are designed to address, nearly half of whom remain untreated. Of those treated, most patients are treated with therapies that do not treat the underlying diseases but mostly their symptoms. As a result, only a small percentage of patients, which we believe to be approximately 3% of the diagnosed population with severe inflammatory diseases, are currently treated with systemic advanced therapies, mostly injectable biologics. While generally efficacious, biologics have drawbacks. Biologics tend to be more expensive to manufacture, and the cost is typically passed on to patients and payors. Patient access to therapy can also be a challenge, as biologics are more complex to prescribe and reimburse than small molecule medicines. Additionally, biologics are administered as injections, a less preferred route of administration for patients as compared to oral medications, which offer greater flexibility for patients. We believe we have the potential to deliver a compelling value proposition to a significant underserved patient population: small molecule medicines with biologics-like activity through the convenience of oral administration of a pill.

Our publicly disclosed immunology programs target STAT6, TYK2 and IRAK4, each of which addresses targets within validated pathways, providing the opportunity to treat a broad range of diseases. We are developing KT-621 as part of our STAT6 program, which is currently being evaluated in a Phase 1 clinical trial in healthy volunteers. Our lead molecule in our TYK2 program is KT-295, which we anticipate will enter the clinic in the second quarter of 2025. We are collaborating with Sanofi S.A., or Sanofi, on the development of drug candidates targeting IRAK4, including KT-474/SAR444656, outside of oncology and immuno-oncology fields. Sanofi has initiated two Phase 2b clinical trials of KT-474 in patients with hidradenitis suppurativa (HS) and in patients with atopic dermatitis (AD). Our pipeline focuses on addressing high impact targets that have been elusive to conventional modalities and that drive the pathogenesis of multiple serious diseases with significant unmet medical needs.

In addition to our immunology focus, we also have research initiatives in other therapeutic areas. Additionally, we believe many of our key discovery and development capabilities have broad applicability, creating an opportunity for us to develop impactful therapeutics leveraging small-molecule modalities in addition to TPD.

Our Strategy

We intend to achieve our mission to discover and develop novel and transformative medicines that improve the lives of patients with serious diseases by pursuing several key strategic objectives:

•
We plan to advance our existing clinical and preclinical programs through critical inflection points that we believe will de-risk our molecules and approach.

•
Guided by our drug development principles, we intend to expand our therapeutic pipeline by continuing to identify high-value targets that have disruptive therapeutic potential and that are well-suited for our approaches.

•
We will continue to invest in our capabilities to identify novel molecules that address elusive targets and optimize them to highly specific drug candidates in a disease agonistic manner.

•
We have developed a broad patent estate and expect to expand and protect our proprietary know-how and intellectual property.

3

•
To advance our goal of becoming a fully integrated biopharmaceutical company, we intend to build our organizational capabilities, including expertise in key therapeutic areas, development and eventually commercial functions.

•
We also will continue to consider synergistic collaboration opportunities that further our goal of delivering transformative therapies to the broadest patient populations.

Drug Discovery Approach and Capabilities

Our approach to target selection and our proprietary drug discovery capabilities enable us to rationally design innovative medicines that ultimately have the potential to address disease causing proteins of all classes.

We place significant emphasis on target selection, which is focused on potentially first-in-class or best-in-class opportunities. We are focused on deploying our technology against diseases in areas of significant patient need that are not yet meaningfully addressed by traditional medicines, and where we believe TPD is the only or best way to elucidate the desired biology or clinical outcome. This approach includes addressing undrugged proteins in nodes of pathways with clinical validation and supported by strong human genetics, many of which are difficult to drug transcription factors or scaffolding proteins.

After identifying a protein of interest, we use our toolbox of integrated capabilities to help accelerate the discovery and development of small molecule medicines, enabling us to study molecular structures and gain a better understanding of the biological mechanisms of proteins. Critical components of our capabilities include the following:

•
A comprehensive hit identification strategy using high-content as well as fit-for-purpose technologies such as DNA encoded libraries and fragment based as well as X-ray based screenings;

•
Machine learning and artificial intelligence in virtual screening, hit validation and optimization technologies;

•
Lead optimization expertise that includes X-ray crystallography, cryogenic electron microscopy, and pharmacokinetic/pharmacodynamic-centric enabled lead optimization;

•
Proprietary global quantitative proteomics techniques; and 

•
Translational biology focused on patient disease samples.

Our TPD approach is rooted in a deep understanding of the relationship between E3 ubiquitin ligases and target proteins, which allows us to identify the properties that make a target both ligandable and degradable and to determine how multiple factors impact potency, selectivity, pharmacokinetics (PK) and pharmacodynamics (PD). We have built extensive capabilities and knowledge that contribute to the development of our preclinical and clinical pipeline. We have generated predictive models that reflect our deep knowledge and understanding of the interplay between targets and drug properties, driving optimization of drug disposition and in vitro and in vivo PK/PD relationships of our compounds across different tissue and cell types.

Due to its unique advantages, TPD is capable of targeting proteins traditionally undrugged by small molecules. Specifically, TPD can target proteins without a catalytic function such as scaffolding proteins and transcription factors, with small molecule-like drug properties that can potentially be dosed orally and distributed systemically, unlike other modalities.

Because of the catalytic nature of the degradation process, we believe the TPD modality has the potential to be therapeutically effective with smaller amounts of drug substance and less frequent dosing than traditional therapeutics. TPD molecules have been shown to be amenable to existing small molecule manufacturing principles which can be less costly than other therapeutic modalities.

4

Our Pipeline

The following table summarizes our disclosed clinical and near-term clinical stage pipeline.

Figure 1

Our Disclosed Immunology Programs

STAT6 Program

Summary

We are developing oral medicines that target STAT6, an essential transcription factor specific to the IL-4/IL-13 signaling pathway and the central driver of Type 2 inflammation in allergic and atopic diseases. STAT6 is a genetically validated target, and the IL-4/13 pathway has been clinically validated by approved biologics, including dupilumab, an injectable monoclonal antibody designed to treat T Helper 2 (TH2) diseases.

Background on Pathway and Target

STAT6 is the essential and specific transcription factor required for IL-4 and IL-13 cytokine-signaling and a central driver of TH2-driven inflammation in atopic and allergic diseases. The pathogenic role of STAT6 is supported by human genetics showing that gain of function mutations of STAT6 cause severe early onset allergic diseases in humans. Additionally, STAT6 knockout in mice is protective in multiple allergic disease models, and those mice develop normally and are viable and fertile. Published research also has demonstrated that a partial loss-of-function variant in STAT6, found in a study of individuals in Iceland, resulted in dampened IL-4 signaling and protection from TH2-driven asthma.

Development Opportunities

We estimate that more than 130 million people in the US, Europe and Japan suffer from diseases predominately driven by TH2 inflammation. There are existing therapeutics that have validated key pathways across many of these diseases, including atopic dermatitis, asthma, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps, eosinophilic esophagitis, prurigo nodularis, bullous pemphigoid and others. Many of the existing treatments include injectable biologics, some of which have demonstrated strong efficacy, but which can be inconvenient for patients, difficult to reimburse and are costly to manufacture. Small molecule inhibitors have also been developed to treat certain TH2-mediated diseases, but often insufficiently block these signaling pathways, limiting their efficacy, and in certain cases may carry various safety risks. Based on its preclinical profile, we believe KT-621 has the potential to provide comparable clinical activity to biologics with the convenience of oral dosing and, as a result, the potential to access a broader patient population.

5

We believe KT-621 has potential utility in many dermatology and respiratory indications including, but not limited to, atopic dermatitis (AD), asthma, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps (CRSwNP), eosinophilic esophagitis (EoE), chronic spontaneous urticaria (CSU) and prurigo nodularis (PN), among others. We expect to focus our development strategy in these areas, which have been validated with existing treatments, such as dupilumab, that act to inhibit TH2 cell differentiation. We are initially targeting AD, asthma and COPD.

Atopic Dermatitis

Atopic dermatitis (AD) is a chronic, pruritic inflammatory skin disease that occurs most frequently in children but also affects adults. In the major global markets, the diagnosed prevalence of AD is estimated at 42 million patients, with approximately 60% falling into the moderate-to-severe category. AD follows a chronic relapsing course over months to years, with dry skin and severe pruritus as the primary symptoms, sometimes accompanied by skin thickening from chronic scratching and fissuring. AD is treated symptomatically with topical therapies, including emollients, corticosteroids, and phosphodiesterase inhibitors. The leading FDA-approved systemic treatment is the IL-4Ra targeting antibody dupilumab, which is considered a safe and effective treatment for AD. Nonetheless, penetration of existing therapies, including dupilumab, remains low, leaving a significant percentage of patients who are currently underserved.

Asthma

Asthma is a chronic lung disease affecting people of all ages. It is caused by inflammation and muscle tightening around the airways, which makes it harder to breathe. Symptoms can include coughing, wheezing, shortness of breath and chest tightness. These symptoms can be mild or severe and can come and go over time. In major global markets, it is estimated that approximately 55 million people worldwide are diagnosed with asthma, with approximately 50% falling into the moderate or severe category. Asthma is a leading chronic disease in children, affecting about 5 million children under the age of 18. Treatments include inhaled corticosteroids, bronchodilator medications and biologics, such as dupilumab, for moderate to severe disease.

Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease

COPD is a progressive, chronic lung disease that makes it difficult to breathe. COPD damages the lungs and narrows the airways, making it difficult to move air in and out of the lungs. Smoking and air pollution are the most common causes of COPD, but it also affects nonsmokers. COPD develops gradually over many years, and symptoms are often initially mistaken for a smoker's cough or asthma. Diagnosis often occurs in patients over 60 years old, when symptoms worsen. Symptoms include coughing, shortness of breath, especially during mild activity, fatigue and frequent respiratory infections, significantly impacting quality of life. COPD is the third leading cause of death worldwide. It is estimated that approximately 34 million people worldwide are diagnosed with COPD, with up to 50% having uncontrolled disease. Treatments for COPD include inhaled steroids to reduce inflammation in the airways as well as bronchodilator inhalers to relax airways and improve airflow. Dupilumab is the only known biologic approved for the treatment of COPD.

KT-621 Preclinical Development

Our lead molecule in our STAT6 program is KT-621, an investigational, potentially first-in-class oral STAT6 degrader being developed for the treatment of immuno-inflammatory diseases. We have conducted comprehensive preclinical studies in multiple models to assess KT-621’s selectivity, potency, degradation levels, efficacy and tolerability.

Preclinical Selectivity

We evaluated KT-621’s selectivity by measuring degradation of different proteins at concentrations as high as 100 times the DC90 of KT-621, which is the degradation concentration at which 90% of the target protein is degraded. In preclinical testing, STAT6 was the only protein that KT-621 degraded out of the approximately 10,000 proteins that were detected by mass spectrometry, as shown in Figure 2. Additionally, no other STAT proteins were degraded.

6

Figure 2

Preclinical Potency

We evaluated KT-621 potency using TH2 functional assays to assess its impact on IL-4/IL-13 signaling. We measured IL-4 and IL-13 induced Thymus and activation-regulated chemokine (TARC), release assays in human Peripheral Blood Mononuclear Cells (PBMCs), IL-4/IL-13 induced CD23 expression assays in human CD19 B cells and IL-13 induced periostin release assays in human bronchial and esophageal smooth muscle cells. In these models, KT-621 fully blocked the IL-4/IL-13 pathway in human TH2 functional assays, with IC50’s lower than dupilumab, as shown in Figure 3.

Figure 3

Preclinical Degradation Levels

In in vivo studies, KT-621 robustly degraded STAT6 across multiple preclinical species, including mouse, rat, dog and non-human primates (NHPs). In dogs, we tested doses ranging from 0.2 to 12.8 milligrams per kilogram (mpk), with doses between approximately 1 and 3 mpk leading to maximal STAT6 degradation near depletion, as shown in Figure 4. Additionally, KT-621, dosed at 10 mpk for 14 days, degraded STAT6 across key disease-relevant tissues, including blood, spleen, skin and lung in NHPs, as shown in Figure 4.

7

Figure 4

Preclinical Efficacy

To understand its efficacy potential, we assessed KT-621 in a one-month lung inflammation model induced by intranasal house dust mite administration, which we believe is the most relevant preclinical model of TH2 inflammation. KT-621 was dosed in IL4/IL4Rα humanized mice once daily orally for 31 days at the same three dose levels, 2, 8 and 32 mpk, leading to 72%, 85% and 91% degradation in the spleen, respectively. As illustrated in Figure 5, the dominant TH2 inflammation was demonstrated by the greatly elevated IgE in the serum and TARC, two well-established TH2 biomarkers. KT-621 showed robust inhibition at all three dose levels. In preclinical testing, KT-621 blocked TH2 inflammation in vivo equally or better than an IL-4Rα saturating dose of dupilumab in the intranasal HDM asthma model for all these TH2 measures. KT-621 reduced disease severity in the lung in the HDM asthma model, with amelioration of lung remodeling seen after low daily oral doses of KT-621 comparable to dupilumab.

Figure 5

8

Preclinical Tolerability

We observed no adverse events in any of our preclinical safety studies of KT-621, including at doses that led to concentrations 30 to 40-fold above the predicted efficacious human exposures.

KT-621 Clinical Development

In the fourth quarter of 2024, we initiated a Phase 1 clinical trial to test and assess single- and multiple-ascending doses of KT-621 in healthy adult volunteers. The Phase 1 trial is designed to evaluate KT-621’s safety, tolerability, PK and PD effects in an estimated 120 subjects. We expect to disclose the Phase 1 trial results of the single- and multiple- ascending study in the second quarter of 2025. In addition, we plan to initiate a Phase 1b trial in AD patients in the second quarter of 2025, and Phase 2b trials in AD and asthma patients in late 2025 and early 2026, respectively.

TYK2 Program

Summary

We are developing highly potent and selective degraders of TYK2, required for Type I interferon, or IFN, IL-12 and IL-23 signaling with both genetic and clinical validation in autoimmune and inflammatory diseases.

Background on Pathway and Target

TYK2, a member of the Janus kinase (JAK) family of kinases, binds the IL-12, IL-23 and Type I IFN receptors to recruit and phosphorylate STAT transcription factors. Additionally, TYK2 has a well-established scaffolding function that plays a key role in cytokine receptor surface expression and activation. A loss of function variant is protective in autoimmune diseases and deucravacitnib, an allosteric inhibitor of TYK2, as well as multiple biological agents targeting IL-12, IL-23 and IFN-α have been approved for the treatment of multiple autoimmune diseases, making TYK2 a highly validated target.

Degradation of TYK2, which can fully recapitulate the human knockout biology by completely removing the protein, has the potential to overcome the challenges of small molecule inhibitors, which have limitations due to lack of selectivity, limited target engagement, and/or lack of potent activity against Type I IFN, driven by inability to block the scaffolding function. TYK2 degraders have the potential to achieve full pathway inhibition of Type I IFN, IL-12 and IL-23 while sparing IL-10 in a once daily oral pill with a potential biologics-like activity profile.

Development Opportunities

We estimate that more than 20 million people in the US, Europe and Japan are diagnosed with Type I IFN and IL-12/IL-23 mediated diseases. There are numerous indication opportunities across multiple immunological therapeutic areas including dermatology, gastroenterology, rheumatology, and central nervous system. The potential for TYK2 to be effective across multiple indications is supported by pathway biologics and TYK2 small molecule inhibitors. We believe that TYK2 degradation differentiates from inhibition and has the potential to demonstrate full pathway inhibition comparable to biologics, but with the benefit of a daily, oral profile. As a result, we believe oral TYK2 degraders have the potential to be the first oral therapy to deliver biologic-like activity in diseases such as irritable bowel disease and psoriasis, among others.

KT-295 Preclinical Development

Our lead molecule in our TYK2 program is KT-295, an investigational, first-in-class oral TYK2 degrader being developed for the treatment of autoimmune and inflammatory diseases. We have conducted comprehensive preclinical studies in multiple models to assess KT-295’s selectivity, potency, degradation levels and tolerability.

9

Preclinical Selectivity

We evaluated KT-295 selectivity by measuring degradation of different proteins at concentrations as high as 100 times the DC90 of KT-295. Based on our proteomics data, KT-295 is a highly selective picomolar TYK2 degrader. In particular, KT-295 is completely selective over the JAK family members, as shown in Figure 6.

Figure 6

Preclinical Potency

KT-295 achieved picomolar degradation in human PBMC and keratinocytes and low nanomolar (nM) inhibition of our functional assays across a range of cell types as shown in Figure 7. In preclinical in vitro cell assays, KT-295 potently inhibited STAT phosphorylation and downstream cytokine release in IL-23, IL-12 and type I IFN pathways. KT-295 demonstrated that we spare the IL-10 and IL-22 pathways completely.

Figure 7

10

Preclinical Degradation Levels

KT-295 achieved dose dependent degradation of TYK2 in vivo with low oral doses. Specifically, in non-human primates, upon repeat daily low oral doses, KT-295 can degrade TYK2 in a dose responsive manner and reach full degradation of TYK2, providing a path to full target engagement.

Figure 8

Preclinical Tolerability

The tolerability of TYK2 degradation is supported by complete deficiency in humans where these individuals are generally healthy with some increased risk of mycobacteria and viral infections that are relatively mild, curable and tend not to recur. In completed preclinical studies, KT-295 was generally well tolerated with no adverse events related to KT-295 at any evaluated doses or concentrations. KT-295 IND-enabling studies are ongoing to support its advancement into Phase 1 testing.

KT-295 Clinical Development

We intend to advance KT-295 into Phase 1 clinical testing in the second quarter of 2025.

IRAK4 Program

Summary

We are collaborating with Sanofi on the development of drug candidates targeting IRAK4 outside of oncology and immuno-oncology fields. KT-474/SAR444656 is a highly active and selective oral IRAK4 degrader for the treatment of IL-1R/TLR-driven immuno-inflammatory conditions and diseases with high unmet medical need. Sanofi has advanced KT-474 into Phase 2 clinical trials in patients with HS and AD, both which were initiated in the fourth quarter of 2023. See the section entitled “Business—Collaborations—Collaboration Agreement with Sanofi” appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report for more information.

Background on Pathway and Target

IRAK4 is a key component of the myddosome, a multiprotein complex involved in innate immunity that mediates signaling through TLRs and IL-1Rs. The IRAK4 protein is ubiquitously expressed across multiple different tissue types, including skin, lymphoid tissue, bone marrow, gastrointestinal tract and lung. IL-1 family cytokines, including IL-1a, IL-1ß, IL-18, IL-36, and IL-33, have been implicated in a variety of different immunology-inflammation conditions and diseases. As both TLRs and IL-1Rs are involved in the production and response to all of these IL-1 family cytokines, IRAK4 targeting with a single small molecule degrader could impact multiple different cytokines and chemokines, having the potential to achieve a

11

broad, generally well-tolerated, anti-inflammatory effect, and providing a novel therapeutic approach to the treatment of IL-1R/TLR-driven diseases.

The function of IRAK4 is dependent both on its kinase activity and on its scaffolding function, which are required for the assembly of the myddosome complex following TLR or IL-1R engagement and MYD88 activation. While the kinase function is primarily responsible for the phosphorylation events in the IRAK4-JNK axis, the scaffolding function is primarily responsible for the NF-KB activation and downstream gene traction of several key pro-inflammatory cytokines and chemokines.

There is genetic de-risking of chronic IRAK4 suppression, as adult humans who lack IRAK4 due to null mutations are healthy. Clinical validation for targeting this pathway comes from IRAK4 small molecule inhibitors and from antibodies targeting individual IL-1 family cytokines that all signal through the IRAK4 protein in diseases that include AD, HS, rheumatoid arthritis, generalized pustular psoriasis, and others. Therefore, we believe that removing IRAK4 will be able to have the combined activity of all the known anti-IL-1 family biologics, achieving our best-in-pathway objective.

We believe IRAK4 degradation is superior to IRAK4 kinase inhibition. Our preclinical data suggests that it is critical to block both the kinase activity and scaffolding functions of the IRAK4 protein, which requires removal, as opposed to just inhibition, of the protein.

Development Opportunities

We estimate that more than 140 million people in the US, Europe and Japan suffer from TH1-driven diseases. There are numerous cutaneous, rheumatic, and gastrointestinal immunology-inflammation disease indications for which pathogenesis involves IL-1 family cytokines as well as TLR stimulation. These present opportunities where we believe a highly efficient and selective IRAK4 degrader would provide significant advantages over both currently approved treatment options and those in clinical development. There are many diseases where the IL-1R/TLR pathway has been implicated in pathogenesis and there could be additional potential opportunities targeting respiratory, gastrointestinal and rheumatology conditions. We and our collaborator, Sanofi, are initially prioritizing HS and AD, autoimmune dermatologic conditions where there is clinical proof-of-concept for targeting cytokines impacted by the IL-1R/TLR pathway but for which there continues to be a high level of unmet need.

Hidradenitis Suppurativa

Hidradenitis suppurativa (HS) is a chronic, destructive, painful and debilitating inflammatory skin disease affecting up to 1% of both the U.S. and global population. Patients with HS have numerous painful, draining nodules and abscesses, usually within skin folds, which are characterized by inflammation and bacterial colonization. Currently HS is treated symptomatically with corticosteroids, antibiotics and surgery. There are currently limited, effective FDA-approved treatment options for HS, which include biologics and are often limited to patients with moderate to severe disease. We believe there remains a high unmet need for better therapies for the treatment of HS.

Atopic Dermatitis

Atopic dermatitis (AD) is a chronic, pruritic inflammatory skin disease that occurs most frequently in children but also affects adults. In the major global markets, the diagnosed prevalence of AD is estimated at 42 million patients, with approximately 60% falling into the moderate-to-severe category. AD follows a chronic relapsing course over months to years, with dry skin and severe pruritus as the primary symptoms, sometimes accompanied by skin thickening from chronic scratching and fissuring. AD is treated symptomatically with topical therapies, including emollients, corticosteroids, and phosphodiesterase inhibitors. The leading FDA-approved systemic treatment is the IL-4Ra targeting antibody dupilumab, which is considered a safe and effective treatment for AD. Nonetheless, penetration of existing therapies, including dupilumab, remains low, leaving a significant percentage of patients who are currently underserved.

12

KT-474 Preclinical Development

We have demonstrated KT-474’s high activity, selectivity and therapeutic potential in both in vitro and in vivo studies. Preclinical data show that orally administered KT-474 safely and selectively suppressed IRAK4 expression in rodents and non-rodents, inhibited inflammation, including neutrophil infiltration, in murine models mechanistically relevant to the pathogenesis of HS and AD and potentially other diseases, and demonstrated a therapeutic advantage of IRAK4 degradation over IRAK4 kinase inhibition.

KT-474 Clinical Development

The KT-474 Phase 1 program three-part trial was designed to evaluate single and multiple ascending doses of KT-474 to assess safety, tolerability and pharmacokinetics in healthy adult volunteers and then in HS and AD patients.

The single ascending dose, or SAD, and multiple ascending dose, or MAD, portions of the KT-474 Phase 1 trial evaluated safety, tolerability and pharmacokinetics in 105 healthy volunteers. The SAD (Part A) consisted of single doses ranging from 25 to 1600 mg. The MAD (Part B) consisted of escalating doses ranging from 50 mg to 200 mg that were administered for 14 consecutive days. KT-474 demonstrated >95% and sustained IRAK4 degradation with single and multiple daily doses and broad inhibition of ex vivo TLR-mediated cytokine induction. KT-474 was generally well-tolerated across all dose groups.

The Phase 1 trial included a patient cohort (Part C) which was an open label study in a total of 21 HS and AD patients. The patients were administered a 75 mg daily dose taken with food, which we estimated would be equivalent exposure to 100 mg fasted. The patient cohort dose of 75 mg was administered for 28 consecutive days. Baseline IRAK4 levels in skin lesions of evaluable HS and AD patients were approximately twice the levels of healthy volunteers. By Day 28 of dosing, the mean IRAK4 level in skin lesions of AD and HS patients was reduced to approximately the same level as healthy volunteers. In addition, promising clinical activity was observed in HS and AD patients including a reduction of signs and symptoms of HS and AD. The Phase 1 data was published in 
Nature Medicine
 in November 2023.

In the KT-474 Phase 1 trial, the proportion of HiSCR50 responders was 50% in those with moderate-to-severe disease. Hidradenitis Suppurativa Clinical Response (HiSCR) is a validated clinical tool that has been used to assess efficacy in HS patients. HiSCR50 response is defined as a 50% or greater reduction in inflammatory lesions and no increase in abscesses or draining fistulas. Symptoms of pain were significantly impacted by KT-474 with an average reduction in patients with moderate to severe disease of 55%, with a maximum reduction occurring between days 28 and 42. Figure 9 highlights the initial clinical impact of KT-474 in HS patients in the third part of the Phase 1 trial.

Figure 9

13

In addition, there was a mean 37% reduction in skin lesions as measured using the EASI score with reductions in individual AD patients of up to 76%. Maximum reduction was seen by day 28 and was maintained at day 42. The Eczema Area and Severity Index (EASI) is a validated tool that measures the severity of atopic dermatitis. Peak pruritus was reduced by an average of 52% and 63%, respectively, with maximum reductions occurring by day 42. Figure 10 highlights the initial clinical impact of KT-474 in AD patients in the third part of the Phase 1 study.

Figure 10

Clinical endpoints associated with improvement in skin lesions and symptoms addressing disease burden resulted in substantial responses in the majority of both HS and AD patients evaluated.

KT-474 was generally well-tolerated across all dose groups. There were no serious adverse events, no drug-related infections, and no adverse events observed leading to dose interruption or discontinuation. A modest, non-adverse QTc prolongation, consistent with that observed by Day 7 in the MAD healthy volunteer study, was also observed in the patient cohort but spontaneously resolved back to baseline with continued dosing during the 28-day dosing period.

In the fourth quarter of 2023, Sanofi initiated two Phase 2 clinical trials. The Phase 2 randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, dose ranging trials are evaluating the safety and efficacy of KT-474 as a potential treatment of HS and AD. In July 2024, Sanofi communicated to Kymera its decision to expand the ongoing Phase 2 trials in HS and AD following an interim review of safety and efficacy data by an independent data monitoring committee. The expansion of the ongoing HS and AD KT-474 Phase 2 studies to larger dose-ranging Phase 2b studies is intended to accelerate overall development timelines and enable a subsequent transition into registrational Phase 3 trials. The HS and AD Phase 2b trials are expected to be completed in the first half of 2026 and mid-2026, respectively. Additionally, we and Sanofi are evaluating opportunities to expand in indications beyond HS and AD.

Collaboration Agreement with Sanofi (formerly Genzyme Corporation)

On July 7, 2020, we entered into a collaboration agreement, or the Original Sanofi Agreement, with Genzyme Corporation, a subsidiary of Sanofi, to co-develop drug candidates directed to two biological targets. The Original Sanofi Agreement became effective during the third quarter of 2020.

On November 15, 2022, we entered into an Amended and Restated Collaboration and License Agreement with Sanofi, or the Amended Sanofi Agreement, which amended the Original Sanofi Agreement to revise certain research terms and responsibilities set forth under the Original Sanofi Agreement. The Amended Sanofi Agreement also specifies details around the timing and number of Phase 2 trials required under the terms of the collaboration. The Amended Sanofi Agreement became effective on December 5, 2022. The Original Sanofi Agreement, as amended by the Amended Sanofi Agreement, is referred to herein as the Sanofi Agreement.

14

Under the Sanofi Agreement, we granted to Sanofi a worldwide exclusive license to develop, manufacture and commercialize certain lead compounds generated during the collaboration directed against IRAK4 and one additional undisclosed target in an undisclosed field of use. Such license is exercisable on a collaboration target-by-collaboration target basis only after a specified milestone. For compounds directed against IRAK4, the field of use includes diagnosis, treatment, cure, mitigation or prevention of any diseases, disorders or conditions, excluding oncology and immune-oncology.

Pursuant to the Sanofi Agreement, with respect to both targets we are responsible for discovery and preclinical research and conducting a phase 1 clinical trial for at least one degrader directed against IRAK4 plus up to three back up degraders, the costs of which will be borne by us, except in certain circumstances. With respect to both targets, Sanofi is responsible for development, manufacturing, and commercialization of product candidates after a specified development milestone occurs with respect to each collaboration candidate.

In addition, pursuant to the Sanofi Agreement, Sanofi will grant to us an exclusive option, or Opt-In Right, exercisable, at our sole discretion, on a collaboration target-by-collaboration target basis that will include the right to (i) fund 50% of the United States development costs for collaboration products directed against such target in the applicable field of use and (ii) share equally in the net profits and net losses of commercializing collaboration products directed against such target in the applicable field of use in the United States. In addition, if we exercise our Opt-In Right, Sanofi will grant to us an exclusive option, applicable to each collaboration target, which upon exercise will allow us to conduct certain co-promotion activities in the field in the United States.

In consideration for the exclusive licenses granted to Sanofi under the Sanofi Agreement, Sanofi paid to us an upfront payment of $150.0 million. In addition to the upfront payment, under the agreement we were eligible to receive certain development milestone payments of up to $1.48 billion, and commercial milestone payments of up to $700.0 million, in the aggregate. Of these milestones, we remain eligible to receive up to $1.0 billion in development milestones upon the achievement of certain developmental or regulatory events, and up to $400.0 million in commercial milestones which are payable upon the achievement of certain net sales thresholds, all of which are related to the IRAK4 program. We will further be eligible to receive tiered royalties on net sales ranging from the high single digits to high teens, subject to low-single digits upward adjustments in certain circumstances.

The Sanofi Agreement, unless earlier terminated, will expire on a product-by-product basis on the date of expiration of all payment obligations under the Sanofi Agreement with respect to such product. We or Sanofi may terminate the agreement upon the other party’s material breach or insolvency or for certain patent challenges. In addition, Sanofi may terminate the agreement for convenience or for a material safety event upon advance prior written notice, and we may terminate the agreement with respect to any collaboration candidate if, following Sanofi’s assumption of responsibility for the development, commercialization or manufacturing of collaboration candidates with respect to a particular target, Sanofi ceases to exploit any collaboration candidates directed to such target for a specified period.

Additionally, in December 2022, Sanofi provided us with written notice of its intention to take KT-474 into Phase 2 clinical trials. In the fourth quarter of 2023, the Company achieved two milestones of $40.0 million and $15.0 million relating to the dosing of the first patient in the Phase 2 clinical trial for the first and second indications, respectively. As of December 31, 2024, the Company had received both the $40.0 million milestone and the $15.0 million milestone.

In September 2023, the Company and Sanofi mutually agreed to cease activities related to the undisclosed target and we are no longer eligible for the milestone and royalty payments associated with the second target.

Manufacturing / Supply Chain

We do not own or operate manufacturing facilities for the production of our drug candidates and currently have no plans to build our own clinical or commercial scale manufacturing capabilities. We currently engage with third-party contract manufacturing organizations, or CMOs, for the manufacture of our drug candidates for preclinical studies, and we intend to continue to do so in the future. We rely on and expect to continue to rely on third-party manufacturers for the production of both drug substance and finished drug product. We have engaged third-party manufacturers to supply the drug substances for our drug candidates and a third-party manufacturer to develop and manufacture finished drug products that we are using in our clinical trials. We currently obtain our supplies from these manufacturers on a purchase order basis and do not have long-term supply arrangements in place. Should any of these manufacturers become unavailable to us for any reason, we believe that there are a number of potential replacements, although we may incur some delay in identifying and qualifying such replacements.

15

All of our drug candidates are organic compounds of low molecular weight, generally called small molecules, but which are larger than traditional small molecule therapeutics. We have selected these compounds not only on the basis of their potential efficacy and safety, but also because we anticipate an ease of synthesis and cost of goods. We have produced drug substances and drug products for use in our clinical trials and continue to refine our production processes. The drug substance and drug product processes are amenable to scale-up and do not require unusual equipment in the manufacturing process. To adequately meet our needs for late-stage clinical and commercial manufacturing, our suppliers will need to scale their production, or we will need to secure alternate suppliers.

Competition

The biotechnology industry is extremely competitive in the race to develop new products. While we believe we have significant competitive advantages with our years of expertise in targeted protein degradation, clinical development expertise, and intellectual property position, we currently face and will continue to face competition for our development programs from companies that use targeted protein degradation or targeted protein degradation development platforms, and from companies focused on more traditional therapeutic modalities such as small molecules and antibodies. The competition is likely to come from multiple sources, including larger pharmaceutical companies, biotechnology companies, and academia.

Companies developing small molecule protein degraders therapies for patients, include, but are not limited to, Arvinas, Inc., C4 Therapeutics, Inc., Nurix Therapeutics, Inc., and Foghorn Therapeutics, Inc. Further, several pharmaceutical companies have disclosed preclinical investments in this field. Our competitors will also include companies that are or will be developing other targeted protein degradation methods as well as small molecule, antibody, or gene therapies for the same indications that we are targeting. In addition to competitors we face in developing small molecule protein degraders, we will also face competition in the indications we expect to pursue with our IRAK4, STAT6 and TYK2 programs. In particular, several pharmaceutical companies have announced partnerships around programs targeting STAT6, including Sanofi, Johnson & Johnson and Gilead Sciences, Inc.

More broadly, many of the indications targeted by our programs have approved standards of care which may include more traditional therapeutic modalities. In order to compete effectively with these existing therapies, we will need to demonstrate that our protein degrader therapies are favorable to existing therapeutics.

Intellectual Property

Our success depends in part on our ability to secure intellectual property protection for our product candidates and future products, as well as our platform protein degradation technologies and any other relevant inventions and improvements that are considered commercially important to our business. Our success also depends on our ability to defend and enforce our intellectual property rights, preserve the confidentiality of our proprietary information, and operate without infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating the valid and enforceable patents and proprietary rights of third parties.

As with other biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies, our ability to secure and maintain intellectual property protection for our product candidates, future products, and other proprietary technologies will depend on our success in obtaining effective patent coverage and enforcing those patents if granted. However, we cannot guarantee that our pending patent applications, and any patent applications that we may in the future file, will result in the issuance of patents, or that any issued patents we may obtain will provide sufficient proprietary protection from competitors. Any issued patents that we obtain may be challenged, invalidated, or circumvented by third parties.

In addition to patents, we also rely on trade secrets, know-how and continuing technological innovation to develop and maintain our competitive position. We seek to protect our proprietary technology, in part, through confidentiality agreements and invention assignment agreements with our employees, consultants, scientific advisors, contractors and potential collaborators.

Patent Portfolio

Our intellectual property includes a portfolio of wholly owned patent families covering our platform E3 ligase ligand technology and our novel bifunctional degrader product candidates, including claims to compositions of matter, pharmaceutical compositions, methods of use, methods of treatment, and other related compounds and methods. Our intellectual property portfolio is in its early development stages, and, as of December 31, 2024, included 31 granted U.S. patents, about 92 U.S. patent applications, about 31 international patent applications, 12 granted foreign patents, and about 543 foreign patent applications. Our patent portfolio is generally organized into two categories: (1) platform E3 ligase ligand patent families and (2) protein degrader patent families, including various target-specific degrader patent families.

16

Platform E3 Ligase Ligand Patent Families

Our platform E3 ligase ligand patent families are wholly owned and include four patent families directed to novel ligands for the cereblon E3 ubiquitin ligase, as well as methods of treatment and other related methods. As of December 31, 2024, our platform E3 ligase ligand patent families included five granted U.S. patents, four U.S. patent applications, and three patent applications in Europe. Any U.S. or foreign patents resulting from these applications, if granted and all appropriate maintenance fees paid, are expected to expire between 2038 and 2045, absent any patent term adjustments or extensions.

Protein Degrader Patent Families

Our protein degrader patent families are wholly owned and are directed to novel bifunctional degrader compounds that are useful in affecting ubiquitination of a target protein, as well as methods of treatment and other related methods. As of December 31, 2024, our protein degrader patent families included three granted U.S. patents, and about 26 patent applications in U.S., PCT, and foreign jurisdictions, such as Australia, Canada, Europe, Israel, Japan, Mexico, New Zealand, and the Russian Federation. Any U.S. or foreign patents resulting from these applications, if granted and all appropriate maintenance fees paid, are expected to expire between 2038 and 2043, absent any patent term adjustments or extensions.

Target-Specific Degrader Patent Families

Our target-specific degrader patent families focus protection around degrader compounds that are designed to target specific proteins for degradation, as well as methods of treatment and other related methods. Such targets include, for example, IRAK (interleukin-1 receptor-associated kinases) and STAT (signal transducers and activators of transcription). As of December 31, 2024, our target-specific degrader patent families included 23 granted U.S. patents, seven granted foreign patents, and about 617 patent applications filed in U.S., PCT, and foreign jurisdictions, such as Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, Eurasia, Europe, Israel, India, Japan, Mexico, New Zealand, Singapore, South Africa, and Taiwan. Any U.S. or foreign patents resulting from our target-specific degrader patent families, if granted and all appropriate maintenance fees paid, are expected to expire between 2038 and 2045, absent any patent term adjustments or extensions.

IRAK-Specific Patent Families

Our IRAK-specific patent families are wholly owned and include patent families covering degrader compounds that are designed to specifically target IRAK for degradation and patent families covering novel IRAK ligands. As of December 31, 2024, our IRAK-specific patent families included 17 granted U.S. patents, seven granted foreign patents, and about 367 patent applications filed in U.S., PCT, and foreign jurisdictions, such as Australia, Argentina, Brazil, Canada, China, Europe, Eurasia, Gulf Cooperation Council, Israel, India, Japan, Mexico, New Zealand, Singapore, South Africa, and Taiwan. Any U.S. or foreign patents resulting from our IRAK-specific patent families, if granted and all appropriate maintenance fees paid, are expected to expire between 2038 and 2044, absent any patent term adjustments or extensions.

With respect to the KT-474 product candidate, as of December 31, 2024, we own eight granted U.S. patents, nine pending U.S. patent applications, four pending international patent applications, three granted foreign patents and about 183 patent applications filed in foreign jurisdictions, such as Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, Europe, Israel, India, Japan, South Korea, Mexico, New Zealand, Singapore, South Africa, and Taiwan, each with claims directed to compositions of matter covering KT-474 and/or methods of making or using KT-474. Any U.S. or foreign patents resulting from these patent families, if granted and all appropriate maintenance fees paid, are expected to expire between 2039 and 2044, absent any patent term adjustments or extensions.

STAT-Specific Patent Families

Our STAT-specific patent families focus on degrader compounds that are designed to specifically target signal transducers and activators of transcription (STAT) for degradation. As of December 31, 2024, our STAT-specific patent families included three granted U.S. patents and about 106 patent applications filed in U.S., PCT, and foreign jurisdictions, such as Australia, Canada, China, Eurasia, Europe, India, Israel, Japan, South Korea, Mexico, and Taiwan. Two of the international patent applications directed to methods of treatment are co-owned with academic collaborators, and the remaining STAT-specific patent families are wholly owned. Any U.S. or foreign patents resulting from our STAT-specific patent families, if granted and all appropriate maintenance fees paid, are expected to expire between 2040 and 2044, absent any patent term adjustments or extensions.

17

Other Target-Specific Patent Families

As of December 31, 2024, we own three granted U.S. patents and about 132 patent applications filed in U.S., PCT, and foreign jurisdictions, such as Australia, Argentina, Brazil, Canada, China, Europe, Gulf Cooperation Council, Israel, India, Japan, Mexico, New Zealand, Singapore, South Africa, and Taiwan which focus on degrader compounds designed to specifically target other proteins. Any U.S. or foreign patents resulting from these patent families, if granted and all appropriate maintenance fees paid, are expected to expire between 2040 and 2044, absent any patent term adjustments or extensions.

The term of individual patents may vary based on the countries in which they are obtained. Generally, patents issued from applications filed in the United States are effective for 20 years from the earliest effective non-provisional filing date. In certain cases, a patent term can be extended to recapture a portion of the term effectively lost as a result of the FDA regulatory review period. With regard to a drug for which FDA approval is the first permitted marketing of the active ingredient, the Hatch-Waxman Act allows for extension of the term of one U.S. patent that includes at least one claim covering the composition of matter of an FDA approved drug, an FDA-approved method of treatment using the drug, and/or a method of manufacturing the FDA-approved drug. The Hatch-Waxman Act permits a patent term extension of up to five years beyond the expiration of the patent, though the total patent term, including any extension, must not exceed 14 years following FDA approval. A patent can only be extended once, such that, if a single patent is applicable to multiple products, it can only be extended based on one product.

The duration of patents outside of the United States varies in accordance with provisions of applicable local law, but typically is also 20 years from the earliest effective national filing date.

Similar patent term extension provisions are available in Europe and other foreign jurisdictions to extend the term of a patent covering an approved drug. When possible, we expect to apply for patent term extensions for patents covering our product candidates and their methods of use.

Trademarks

We have filed and intend to file applications for trademark registrations in connection with our product candidates and other technologies in various jurisdictions, including the United States and the European Union. All of our European Union trademarks in existence as of December 31, 2020 were automatically cloned onto the United Kingdom register due to “Brexit.”

As of December 31, 2024, our trademark portfolio includes registrations and allowed applications of the KYMERA mark and the KYMERA THERAPEUTICS mark in the United States, Europe, and Canada, all covering Class 5 pharmaceutical and medical preparations and therapeutics and Class 42 pharmaceutical research and development and drug development and discovery services, and registrations, allowed applications, and pending applications in Europe, the United States, and Canada respectively for our K & Design logo mark covering the same goods and services.

We also hold registrations of E3 HUMAN ATLAS and E3 LIGASE WHOLE BODY ATLAS in the European Union and the United Kingdom covering Class 42 pharmaceutical research and development and drug development and discovery services.

Trade Secrets

In addition to patents, we may rely on trade secrets and know-how to develop and maintain our competitive position. Companies typically rely on trade secrets to protect aspects of their business that are not amenable to, or that they do not consider appropriate for, patent protection. We protect trade secrets, if any, and know-how by establishing confidentiality agreements and invention assignment agreements with our employees, consultants, scientific advisors, contractors and partners. These agreements provide that all confidential information developed or made known during the course of an individual or entity’s relationship with us must be kept confidential during and after the relationship. These agreements also generally provide that all relevant inventions resulting from work performed for us or relating to our business and conceived or completed during the period of employment or assignment, as applicable, shall be our exclusive property. In addition, we take other appropriate precautions, such as physical and technological security measures, to guard against misappropriation of our proprietary information by third parties.

18

Government Regulation

The FDA and other regulatory authorities at federal, state and local levels, as well as in foreign countries, extensively regulate, among other things, the research, development, testing, manufacture, quality control, import, export, safety, effectiveness, labeling, packaging, storage, distribution, record keeping, approval, advertising, promotion, marketing, post-approval monitoring and post-approval reporting of drugs. We, along with our vendors, contract research organizations and contract manufacturers, will be required to navigate the various preclinical, clinical, manufacturing and commercial approval requirements of the governing regulatory agencies of the countries in which we wish to conduct studies or seek approval of our product candidates. The process of obtaining regulatory approvals of drugs and ensuring subsequent compliance with appropriate federal, state, local and foreign statutes and regulations requires the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources.

In the U.S., the FDA regulates drug products under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, or FD&C Act, as amended, its implementing regulations and other laws. If we fail to comply with applicable FDA or other requirements at any time with respect to product development, clinical testing, approval or any other legal requirements relating to product manufacture, processing, handling, storage, quality control, safety, marketing, advertising, promotion, packaging, labeling, export, import, distribution, or sale, we may become subject to administrative or judicial sanctions or other legal consequences. These sanctions or consequences could include, among other things, the FDA’s refusal to approve pending applications, issuance of clinical holds for ongoing studies, suspension or revocation of approved applications, warning or untitled letters, product withdrawals or recalls, product seizures, relabeling or repackaging, total or partial suspensions of manufacturing or distribution, injunctions, fines, civil penalties or criminal prosecution.

The process required by the FDA before our product candidates are approved as drugs for therapeutic indications and may be marketed in the U.S. generally involves the following:

•
completion of extensive preclinical studies in accordance with applicable regulations, including studies conducted in accordance with good laboratory practice, or GLP, requirements;

•
completion of the manufacture, under current Good Manufacturing Practices, or cGMP, conditions, of the drug substance and drug product that the sponsor intends to use in human clinical trials along with required analytical and stability testing; 

•
submission to the FDA of an IND application, which must become effective before clinical trials may begin;

•
approval by an institutional review board, or IRB, or independent ethics committee at each clinical trial site before each trial may be initiated;

•
performance of adequate and well-controlled clinical trials in accordance with applicable IND regulations, good clinical practice, or GCP, requirements and other clinical trial-related regulations to establish the safety and efficacy of the investigational product for each proposed indication;

•
submission to the FDA of a NDA;

•
a determination by the FDA within 60 days of its receipt of an NDA, to accept the filing for review;

•
satisfactory completion of one or more FDA pre-approval inspections of the manufacturing facility or facilities where the drug will be produced to assess compliance with cGMP requirements to assure that the facilities, methods and controls are adequate to preserve the drug’s identity, strength, quality and purity;

•
potential FDA audit of the clinical trial sites that generated the data in support of the NDA;

•
payment of user fees for FDA review of the NDA; and

•
FDA review and approval of the NDA, including consideration of the views of any FDA advisory committee, prior to any commercial marketing or sale of the drug in the U.S.

Preclinical Studies and Clinical Trials for Drugs

Before testing any drug in humans, the product candidate must undergo rigorous preclinical testing. Preclinical studies include laboratory evaluations of drug chemistry, formulation and stability, as well as in vitro and animal studies to assess safety and in some cases to establish the rationale for therapeutic use. The conduct of preclinical studies is subject to federal and state regulations and requirements, including GLP requirements for safety/toxicology studies. The results of the preclinical studies, together with manufacturing information and analytical data must be submitted to the FDA as part of an IND. An IND is a request for authorization from the FDA to administer an investigational product to humans and must become effective

19

before clinical trials may begin. Some long-term preclinical testing may continue after the IND is submitted. The IND automatically becomes effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA, unless the FDA, within the 30-day time period, raises concerns or questions about the conduct of the clinical trial, including concerns that human research patients will be exposed to unreasonable health risks, and imposes a full or partial clinical hold. FDA must notify the sponsor of the grounds for the hold and any identified deficiencies must be resolved before the clinical trial can begin. Submission of an IND may result in the FDA not allowing clinical trials to commence or not allowing clinical trials to commence on the terms originally specified in the IND.

The clinical stage of development involves the administration of the product candidate to healthy volunteers or patients under the supervision of qualified investigators, generally physicians not employed by or under the trial sponsor’s control, in accordance with GCP requirements, which include the requirements that all research patients provide their informed consent for their participation in any clinical trial. Clinical trials are conducted under protocols detailing, among other things, the objectives of the clinical trial, dosing procedures, subject selection and exclusion criteria and the parameters and criteria to be used in monitoring safety and evaluating effectiveness. Each protocol, and any subsequent amendments to the protocol, must be submitted to the FDA as part of the IND. Furthermore, each clinical trial must be reviewed and approved by an IRB for each institution at which the clinical trial will be conducted to ensure that the risks to individuals participating in the clinical trials are minimized and are reasonable related to the anticipated benefits. The IRB also approves the informed consent form that must be provided to each clinical trial subject or his or her legal representative and must monitor the clinical trial until completed. The FDA, the IRB or the sponsor may suspend or discontinue a clinical trial at any time on various grounds, including a finding that the patients are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk. There also are requirements governing the reporting of ongoing clinical trials and completed clinical trials to public registries. Information about applicable clinical trials, including clinical trial results, must be submitted within specific timeframes for publication on the www.clinicaltrials.gov website.

A sponsor who wishes to conduct a clinical trial outside of the United States may, but need not, obtain FDA authorization to conduct the clinical trial under an IND. If a foreign clinical trial is not conducted under an IND, FDA will nevertheless accept the results of the study in support of an NDA if the study was conducted in accordance with GCP requirements, and the FDA is able to validate the data through an onsite inspection if deemed necessary.

Clinical trials to evaluate therapeutic indications to support NDAs for marketing approval are typically conducted in three sequential phases, which may overlap.

•
Phase

1
—Phase 1 clinical trials involve initial introduction of the investigational product into healthy human volunteers or patients with the target disease or condition. These studies are typically designed to test the safety, dosage tolerance, absorption, metabolism and distribution of the investigational product in humans, excretion the side effects associated with increasing doses, and, if possible, to gain early evidence of effectiveness.

•
Phase

2
—Phase 2 clinical trials typically involve administration of the investigational product to a limited patient population with a specified disease or condition to evaluate the drug’s potential efficacy, to determine the optimal dosages and dosing schedule and to identify possible adverse side effects and safety risks.

•
Phase

3
—Phase 3 clinical trials typically involve administration of the investigational product to an expanded patient population to further evaluate dosage, to provide statistically significant evidence of clinical efficacy and to further test for safety, generally at multiple geographically dispersed clinical trial sites. These clinical trials are intended to establish the overall risk/benefit ratio of the investigational product and to provide an adequate basis for product approval and physician labeling.

Post-approval trials, sometimes referred to as Phase 4 clinical trials or post-marketing studies, may be conducted after initial marketing approval. These trials are used to gain additional experience from the treatment of patients in the intended therapeutic indication and are commonly intended to generate additional safety data regarding use of the product in a clinical setting. In certain instances, the FDA may mandate the performance of Phase 4 clinical trials as a condition of approval of an NDA.

Progress reports detailing the results of the clinical trials, among other information, must be submitted at least annually to the FDA. Written IND safety reports must be submitted to the FDA and the investigators fifteen days after the trial sponsor determines the information qualifies for reporting for serious and unexpected suspected adverse events, findings from other studies or animal or in vitro testing that suggest a significant risk for human volunteers and any clinically important increase in the rate of a serious suspected adverse reaction over that listed in the protocol or investigator brochure. The sponsor must also notify the FDA of any unexpected fatal or life-threatening suspected adverse reaction as soon as possible but in no case later than seven calendar days after the sponsor’s initial receipt of the information.

20

Concurrent with clinical trials, companies usually complete additional animal studies and must also develop additional information about the chemistry and physical characteristics of the product candidate and finalize a process for manufacturing the drug product in commercial quantities in accordance with cGMP requirements. The manufacturing process must be capable of consistently producing quality batches of the product candidate and manufacturers must develop, among other things, methods for testing the identity, strength, quality and purity of the final drug product. Additionally, appropriate packaging must be selected and tested, and stability studies must be conducted to demonstrate that the product candidate does not undergo unacceptable deterioration over its shelf life.

U.S. Marketing Approval for Drugs

Assuming successful completion of the required clinical testing, the results of the preclinical studies and clinical trials, together with detailed information relating to the product’s chemistry, manufacture, controls and proposed labeling, among other things, are submitted to the FDA as part of an NDA requesting approval to market the product for one or more indications. An NDA is a request for approval to market a new drug for one or more specified indications and must contain proof of the drug’s safety and efficacy for the requested indications. The marketing application is required to include both negative and ambiguous results of preclinical studies and clinical trials, as well as positive findings. Data may come from company-sponsored clinical trials intended to test the safety and efficacy of a product’s use or from a number of alternative sources, including studies initiated by investigators. To support marketing approval, the data submitted must be sufficient in quality and quantity to establish the safety and efficacy of the investigational product to the satisfaction of the FDA. FDA approval of an NDA must be obtained before a drug may be marketed in the U.S.

The FDA reviews all submitted NDAs before it accepts them for filing and may request additional information rather than accepting the NDA for filing. The FDA must make a decision on accepting an NDA for filing within 60 days of receipt, and such decision could include a refusal to file by the FDA. Once the submission is accepted for filing, the FDA begins an in-depth substantive review of the NDA. The FDA reviews an NDA to determine, among other things, whether the drug is safe and effective for the indications sought and whether the facility in which it is manufactured, processed, packaged or held meets standards designed to assure the product’s continued safety, quality and purity. Under the goals and polices agreed to by the FDA under the Prescription Drug User Fee Act, or PDUFA, the FDA targets ten months, from the filing date, in which to complete its initial review of a new molecular entity NDA and respond to the applicant, and six months from the filing date of a new molecular entity NDA receiving priority review. The FDA does not always meet its PDUFA goal dates for standard or priority review NDAs, and the review process is often extended by FDA requests for additional information or clarification.

Further, under PDUFA, as amended, each NDA must be accompanied by a user fee. The FDA adjusts the PDUFA user fees on an annual basis. Fee waivers or reductions are available in certain circumstances, including a waiver of the application fee for the first application filed by a small business. Additionally, no user fees are assessed on NDAs for products designated as orphan drugs, unless the product also includes a non-orphan indication.

The FDA also may require submission of a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy, or REMS, program if it believes that a risk evaluation and mitigation strategy is necessary to ensure that the benefits of the drug outweigh its risks. The REMS program could include use of risk evaluation and mitigation strategies like medication guides, physician communication plans, assessment plans and/or elements to assure safe use, such as restricted distribution methods, patient registries or other risk-minimization tools.

The FDA may refer an application for a novel drug to an advisory committee. An advisory committee is a panel of independent experts, including clinicians and other scientific experts, which reviews, evaluates and provides a recommendation as to whether the application should be approved and under what conditions. The FDA is not bound by the recommendations of an advisory committee, but it considers such recommendations carefully when making decisions.

Before approving an NDA, the FDA typically will inspect the facility or facilities where the product is manufactured. The FDA will not approve an application unless it determines that the manufacturing processes and facilities are in compliance with cGMP requirements and adequate to assure consistent production of the product within required specifications. Additionally, before approving an NDA, the FDA may inspect one or more clinical trial sites to assure compliance with GCP and other requirements and the integrity of the clinical data submitted to the FDA.

After evaluating the NDA and all related information, including the advisory committee recommendation, if any, and inspection reports regarding the manufacturing facilities and clinical trial sites, the FDA may issue an approval letter, or, in some cases, a complete response letter. A complete response letter generally contains a statement of specific conditions that must be met in order to secure final approval of the NDA and may require additional clinical or preclinical testing in order for the FDA to reconsider the application. Even with submission of this additional information, the FDA ultimately may decide that the application does not satisfy the regulatory criteria for approval. If and when those conditions have been met to the FDA’s satisfaction, the FDA will typically issue an approval letter. An approval letter authorizes commercial marketing of the drug with specific prescribing information for specific indications.

21

Even if the FDA approves a product, depending on the specific risk(s) to be addressed, it may limit the approved indications for use of the product, require that contraindications, warnings or precautions be included in the product labeling, require that post-approval studies, including Phase 4 clinical trials, be conducted to further assess a drug’s safety after approval, require testing and surveillance programs to monitor the product after commercialization or impose other conditions, including distribution and use restrictions or other risk management mechanisms under a REMS, which can materially affect the potential market and profitability of the product. The FDA may prevent or limit further marketing of a product based on the results of post-marketing studies or surveillance programs. After approval, some types of changes to the approved product, such as adding new indications, manufacturing changes and additional labeling claims, are subject to further testing requirements and FDA review and approval.

Orphan Drug Designation and Exclusivity

Under the Orphan Drug Act of 1983, the FDA may grant orphan designation to a drug intended to treat a rare disease or condition, which is a disease or condition that affects fewer than 200,000 individuals in the U.S., or if it affects more than 200,000 individuals in the U.S., there is no reasonable expectation that the cost of developing and making the product available in the U.S. for the disease or condition will be recovered from sales of the product. Orphan designation must be requested before submitting an NDA. Orphan designation does not convey any advantage in or shorten the duration of the regulatory review and approval process, though companies developing orphan products are eligible for certain incentives, including tax credits for qualified clinical testing and waiver of application fees.

If a product that has orphan designation subsequently receives the first FDA approval for the disease or condition for which it has such designation, the product is entitled to a seven-year period of marketing exclusivity during which the FDA may not approve any other applications to market the same therapeutic agent for the same indication, except in limited circumstances, such as a subsequent product’s showing of clinical superiority over the product with orphan exclusivity or where the original applicant cannot produce sufficient quantities of product. Competitors, however, may receive approval of different therapeutic agents for the indication for which the orphan product has exclusivity or obtain approval for the same therapeutic agent for a different indication than that for which the orphan product has exclusivity. Orphan product exclusivity could block the approval of one of our products for seven years if a competitor obtains approval for the same therapeutic agent for the same indication before we do, unless we are able to demonstrate that our product is clinically superior. If an orphan designated product receives marketing approval for an indication broader than what is designated, it may not be entitled to orphan exclusivity. Further, orphan drug exclusive marketing rights in the U.S. may be lost if the FDA later determines that the request for designation was materially defective or the manufacturer of the approved product is unable to assure sufficient quantities of the product to meet the needs of patients with the rare disease or condition.

Expedited Development and Review Programs for Drugs

The FDA maintains several programs intended to facilitate and expedite development and review of new drugs to address unmet medical needs in the treatment of serious or life-threatening diseases or conditions. These programs include Fast Track designation, Breakthrough Therapy designation, Priority Review, Accelerated Approval and platform technology designation and the purpose of these programs is to either expedite the development or review of important new drugs to get them to patients earlier than under standard FDA development and review procedures.

A new drug is eligible for Fast Track designation if it is intended to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition and demonstrates the potential to address unmet medical needs for such disease or condition. Fast Track designation provides increased opportunities for sponsor interactions with the FDA during preclinical and clinical development, in addition to the potential for rolling review once a marketing application is filed, meaning that the agency may review portions of the marketing application before the sponsor submits the complete application, as well as Priority Review, discussed below.

In addition, a new drug may be eligible for Breakthrough Therapy designation if it is intended to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition and preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the drug may demonstrate substantial improvement over existing therapies on one or more clinically significant endpoints, such as substantial treatment effects observed early in clinical development. Breakthrough Therapy designation provides all the features of Fast Track designation in addition to intensive guidance on an efficient drug development program beginning as early as Phase 1, and FDA organizational commitment to expedited development, including involvement of senior managers and experienced review staff in a cross-disciplinary review, where appropriate.

Any product submitted to the FDA for approval, including a product with Fast Track or Breakthrough Therapy designation, may also be eligible for additional FDA programs intended to expedite the review and approval process, including Priority Review designation and Accelerated Approval. A product is eligible for Priority Review if it has the potential to provide a significant improvement in safety or effectiveness in the treatment, diagnosis or prevention of a serious disease or condition. Under priority review, the FDA must review an application in six months compared to ten months for a standard review.

22

Additionally, products are eligible for Accelerated Approval if they can be shown to have an effect on a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit, or an effect on a clinical endpoint that can be measured earlier than an effect on irreversible morbidity or mortality which is reasonably likely to predict an effect on irreversible morbidity or mortality or other clinical benefit, taking into account the severity, rarity or prevalence of the condition and the availability or lack of alternative treatments.

Accelerated Approval is usually contingent on a sponsor’s agreement to conduct additional post-approval studies to verify and describe the product’s clinical benefit and, under the Food and Drug Omnibus Reform Act of 2022, or FDORA, the FDA is now permitted to require, as appropriate, that such trials be underway prior to approval or within a specific time period after the date of approval for a product granted accelerated approval. Under FDORA, the FDA has increased authority for expedited procedures to withdraw approval of a drug or indication approved under Accelerated Approval if, for example, the confirmatory trial fails to verify the predicted clinical benefit of the product. In addition, for products being considered for accelerated approval, the FDA generally requires, unless otherwise informed by the Agency, that all advertising and promotional materials that are intended for dissemination or publication within 120 days following marketing approval be submitted to the agency for review during the pre-approval review period, and that after 120 days following marketing approval, all advertising and promotional materials must be submitted at least 30 days prior to the intended time of initial dissemination or publication.

Under FDORA, a platform technology incorporated within or utilized by a drug or biological product is eligible for designation as a designated platform technology if (1) the platform technology is incorporated in, or utilized by, a drug approved under an NDA; (2) preliminary evidence submitted by the sponsor of the approved or licensed drug, or a sponsor that has been granted a right of reference to data submitted in the application for such drug, demonstrates that the platform technology has the potential to be incorporated in, or utilized by, more than one drug without an adverse effect on quality, manufacturing, or safety; and (3) data or information submitted by the applicable person indicates that incorporation or utilization of the platform technology has a reasonable likelihood to bring significant efficiencies to the drug development or manufacturing process and to the review process. A sponsor may request the FDA to designate a platform technology as a designated platform technology concurrently with, or at any time after, submission of an IND application for a drug that incorporates or utilizes the platform technology that is the subject of the request. If so designated, the FDA may expedite the development and review of any subsequent original NDA for a drug that uses or incorporates the platform technology.

Even if a product qualifies for one or more of these programs, the FDA may later decide that the product no longer meets the conditions for qualification or the time period for FDA review or approval may not be shortened. Furthermore, Fast Track designation, Breakthrough Therapy designation, Priority Review and Accelerated Approval do not change the scientific or medical standards for approval or the quality of evidence necessary to support approval but may expedite the development or review process.

Pediatric Information and Pediatric Exclusivity

Under the Pediatric Research Equity Act, or PREA, as amended, certain NDAs and certain supplements to an NDA must contain data to assess the safety and efficacy of the drug for the claimed indications in all relevant pediatric subpopulations and to support dosing and administration for each pediatric subpopulation for which the product is safe and effective. The FDA may grant deferrals for submission of pediatric data or full or partial waivers. The FD&C Act requires that a sponsor who is planning to submit a marketing application for a drug that includes a new active ingredient, new indication, new dosage form, new dosing regimen or new route of administration submit an initial Pediatric Study Plan, or PSP, within 60 days of an end-of-Phase 2 meeting or, if there is no such meeting, as early as practicable before the initiation of the Phase 3 or Phase 2/3 trial. The initial PSP must include an outline of the pediatric study or studies that the sponsor plans to conduct, including study objectives and design, age groups, relevant endpoints and statistical approach, or a justification for not including such detailed information, and any request for a deferral of pediatric assessments or a full or partial waiver of the requirement to provide data from pediatric studies along with supporting information. The FDA and the sponsor must reach an agreement on the PSP. A sponsor can submit amendments to an agreed-upon initial PSP at any time if changes to the pediatric plan need to be considered based on data collected from preclinical studies, early phase clinical trials and/or other clinical development programs.

A drug can also obtain pediatric market exclusivity in the U.S. Pediatric exclusivity, if granted, adds six months to existing exclusivity periods for all formulations, dosage forms, indications of the active moiety and patent terms. This six-month exclusivity, which runs from the end of other exclusivity protection, may be granted based on the voluntary completion of a pediatric trial or of multiple pediatric trials in accordance with an FDA-issued “Written Request” for such trials, provided that at the time pediatric exclusivity is granted there is not less than nine months of term remaining.

U.S. Post-Approval Requirements for Drugs

Drugs manufactured or distributed pursuant to FDA approvals are subject to pervasive and continuing regulation by the FDA, including, among other things, requirements relating to recordkeeping, periodic reporting, product sampling and

23

distribution, tracking and tracing, reporting of adverse experiences with the product, complying with promotion and advertising requirements, which include restrictions on promoting products for unapproved uses or patient populations (known as “off-label use”) and limitations on industry-sponsored scientific and educational activities. Manufacturers and other parties involved in the drug supply chain for prescription drug products must also comply with product tracking and tracing requirements and for notifying the FDA of counterfeit, diverted, stolen and intentionally adulterated products or products that are otherwise unfit for distribution in the United States. Although physicians may prescribe legally available products for off-label uses, manufacturers and individuals working on behalf of manufacturers may not market or promote such uses. The FDA and other agencies actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses, and a company that is found to have improperly promoted off-label uses may be subject to significant liability, including investigation by federal and state authorities. Prescription drug promotional materials must be submitted to the FDA in conjunction with their first use or first publication. Further, if there are any modifications to the drug, including changes in indications, labeling or manufacturing processes or facilities, the applicant may be required to submit and obtain FDA approval of a new NDA or NDA supplement, which may require the development of additional data or preclinical studies and clinical trials.

The FDA may impose a number of post-approval requirements as a condition of approval of an NDA. For example, the FDA may require post-market testing, including Phase 4 clinical trials, and surveillance to further assess and monitor the product’s safety and effectiveness after commercialization.

In addition, drug manufacturers and their subcontractors involved in the manufacture and distribution of approved drugs, and those supplying products, ingredients, and components of them, are required to register their establishments with the FDA and certain state agencies and are subject to periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA and certain state agencies for compliance with ongoing regulatory requirements, including cGMP, which impose certain procedural and documentation requirements upon us and our contract manufacturers. Failure to comply with statutory and regulatory requirements can subject a manufacturer to possible legal or regulatory action, such as warning letters, suspension of manufacturing, product seizures, injunctions, civil penalties or criminal prosecution. There is also a continuing, annual prescription drug product program user fee.

Later discovery of previously unknown problems with a product, including adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or with manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may result in revisions to the approved labeling to add new safety information, requirements for post-market studies or clinical trials to assess new safety risks, or imposition of distribution or other restrictions under a REMS. Other potential consequences include, among other things:

•
restrictions on the marketing or manufacturing of the product, complete withdrawal of the product from the market or product recalls;

•
safety alerts, Dear Healthcare Provider letters, press releases or other communications containing warnings or other safety information about the product;

•
fines, warning letters or holds on post-approval clinical trials;

•
refusal of the FDA to approve applications or supplements to approved applications, or withdrawal of product approvals;

•
product seizure or detention, or refusal to permit the import or export of products;

•
injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties; and

•
consent decrees, corporate integrity agreements, debarment or exclusion from federal healthcare programs; or mandated modification of promotional materials and labeling and issuance of corrective information.

24

Other Regulatory Matters

Manufacturing, sales, promotion and other activities of product candidates following product approval, where applicable, or commercialization are also subject to regulation by numerous regulatory authorities in the U.S. in addition to the FDA, which may include the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services, or CMS, other divisions of the Department of Health and Human Services, the Department of Justice, the Drug Enforcement Administration, the Consumer Product Safety Commission, the Federal Trade Commission, the Occupational Safety & Health Administration, the Environmental Protection Agency and state and local governments and governmental agencies.

Other Healthcare Laws

Drug companies are subject to additional healthcare regulation and enforcement by the federal government and by authorities in the states and foreign jurisdictions in which they conduct their business. These laws and regulations may limit our relationships with our partners, providers, and third-party payors. Such laws include, without limitation, state and federal anti-kickback, fraud and abuse, false claims, and transparency laws and regulations related to drug pricing and payments and other transfers of value made to physicians and other healthcare providers. They also include patient data privacy and security laws and regulations.

It is possible that governmental authorities will conclude that our business practices do not comply with current or future fraud and abuse laws or other healthcare laws and regulations. If our operations or our partners’ operations are found to be in violation of any of such laws or any other governmental regulations that apply, by extension, we may be subject to penalties, including, without limitation, administrative, civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, the curtailment or restructuring of operations, integrity oversight and reporting obligations, exclusion from participation in federal and state healthcare programs and responsible individuals may be subject to imprisonment. These laws are broadly applicable, and the scope and enforcement of each of these laws is uncertain and subject to rapid change. Ensuring business arrangements comply with applicable healthcare laws, as well as responding to possible investigations by government authorities, can be time- and resource-consuming and can divert a company’s attention from its business.

Insurance Coverage and Reimbursement

In the United States and markets in other countries, providers and patients generally rely on third-party payors to reimburse associated healthcare costs. Even if a product candidate is approved, sales of the product will depend, in part, on the extent to which third-party payors (like Medicare and Medicaid, commercial health insurers and managed care organizations, among others) provide coverage and establish adequate reimbursement levels for the product.

In the United States, principal decisions about reimbursement for new drugs are typically made by the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services, or CMS, an agency within the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. CMS decides whether and to what extent a new medicine will be covered and reimbursed under Medicare. Private payors tend to follow CMS. No uniform policy of coverage and reimbursement for drug products exists among all third-party payors, and coverage and reimbursement can differ significantly from payor to payor for the same product.

 The process for determining whether a third-party payor will provide coverage for a product may be separate from the process for setting the price or reimbursement rate that the payor will pay for the product. Third-party payors increasingly challenge the prices charged, examine medical necessity, review the cost-effectiveness of medical products and services and impose controls to manage costs. Third-party payors may limit coverage to products on an approved formulary, which might not include all of the approved products for a particular indication.

To secure coverage and reimbursement for any product that obtains approval, a company may need to conduct expensive pharmacoeconomic studies to demonstrate medical necessity and cost-effectiveness. This requires additional expenditure above and beyond the costs required to obtain FDA or other regulatory approvals. Companies may also need to provide discounts to purchasers, private health plans or government healthcare programs. Products may not be considered medically necessary or cost effective. A decision by a third-party payor not to cover a product could reduce physician utilization once the product is approved and have a material adverse effect on sales, our operations and financial condition.

The containment of healthcare costs has become a priority of federal, state and foreign governments, and the prices of products have been a focus in this effort. Governments have shown significant interest in implementing cost-containment programs, including price controls, restrictions on reimbursement and requirements for substitution of generic products. Adoption of price controls and cost-containment measures, and adoption of more restrictive policies in jurisdictions with existing controls and measures, could further limit a company’s revenue generated from the sale of any approved products. Coverage policies and third-party payor reimbursement rates may change at any time. Even if favorable coverage and reimbursement status is attained for one or more products for which a company or its collaborators receive regulatory approval, less favorable coverage policies and reimbursement rates may be implemented in the future.

25

Current and future healthcare reform legislation

In the United States, there has always been and likely will continue to be proposed and finalized changes to reform the healthcare system, including attempts to broaden the availability of healthcare, improve the quality of healthcare, and contain or lower the cost of healthcare.

A significant example of such a healthcare reform measure is the Affordable Care Act, or ACA, enacted in March 2010. The ACA, among other things, changed coverage and payment policies for products and services under government health care programs, including many provisions that affected how drug products are covered and reimbursed, included various reporting requirements for drug companies, and subjected drug companies to revisions in the calculation and payment of various rebate liability obligations owed to the government under various drug reimbursement programs. It also expanded requirements for drug manufacturers to provide coverage in the form of discounts under the Medicare Part D program.

Since its enactment, there have been numerous judicial, administrative, executive, and legislative challenges to the ACA, and we expect there will be additional challenges and amendments to the ACA in the future. This likely includes efforts to challenge, repeal or replace the ACA. Other legislative healthcare reform measures have been enacted since the ACA and include, for example, legislative changes to how drug manufacturers calculate rebates owed under the Medicaid drug rebate program.

In addition, recently there has been heightened governmental scrutiny over the manner in which manufacturers set prices for their commercial products, which has resulted in several Congressional inquiries and proposed and enacted state and federal legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to product pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for pharmaceutical products. Although a number of these and other measures may require additional authorization to become effective, Congress and the current administration have each indicated that it will continue to seek new legislative and/or administrative measures to control drug costs. Individual states in the United States have also increasingly passed legislation and implemented regulations designed to control pharmaceutical product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing.

Most recently, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, included several provisions that may impact our business to varying degrees. This includes reducing the annual out-of-pocket spending cap for Medicare Part D beneficiaries from $7,050 to $2,000 starting in 2025; imposing new manufacturer financial liability on many drugs reimbursed under Medicare Part D; and allowing the U.S. government to negotiate Medicare pricing for certain high-cost drugs and biologics without generic or biosimilar competition. The IRA also requires drug companies to pay rebates to Medicare for drug prices that increase faster than inflation. Further, under the IRA, orphan drugs are exempted from the Medicare drug price negotiation program, but only if they have one orphan designation and for which the only approved indication is for that disease or condition. If a product receives multiple orphan designations or has multiple approved indications, it may not qualify for the orphan drug exemption. The implementation of the IRA is currently subject to ongoing litigation that challenges the constitutionality of the IRA’s Medicare drug price negotiation program. The effects of the IRA on our business and the healthcare industry in general is not yet known.

Outside the United States, ensuring coverage and adequate payment for a product also involves challenges. Pricing of prescription pharmaceuticals is subject to government control in many countries. Pricing negotiations with government authorities can extend well beyond the receipt of regulatory approval for a product and may require a clinical trial that compares the cost-effectiveness of a product to other available therapies. The conduct of such a clinical trial could be expensive and result in delays in commercialization.

In the European Union, pricing and reimbursement schemes vary widely from country to country. Some countries provide that products may be marketed only after a reimbursement price has been agreed upon. Some countries may require the completion of additional studies that compare the cost-effectiveness of a particular product candidate to currently available therapies or so-called health technology assessments, in order to obtain reimbursement or pricing approval. For example, the European Union provides options for its member states to restrict the range of products for which their national health insurance systems provide reimbursement and to control the prices of medicinal products for human use. European Union member states may approve a specific price for a product, or it may instead adopt a system of direct or indirect controls on the profitability of the company placing the product on the market. Other member states allow companies to fix their own prices for products but monitor and control prescription volumes and issue guidance to physicians to limit prescriptions. Recently, many countries in the European Union have increased the amount of discounts required on pharmaceuticals and these efforts could continue as countries attempt to manage healthcare expenditures, especially in light of the severe fiscal and debt crises experienced by many countries in the European Union. The downward pressure on healthcare costs in general, particularly prescription products, has become intense. As a result, increasingly high barriers are being erected to the entry of new products. Political, economic and regulatory developments may further complicate pricing negotiations, and pricing negotiations may continue after reimbursement has been obtained. Reference pricing used by various European Union member states, and parallel trade,

26

i.e., arbitrage between low-priced and high-priced member states, can further reduce prices. There can be no assurance that any country that has price controls or reimbursement limitations for pharmaceutical products will allow favorable reimbursement and pricing arrangements for any products, if approved in those countries.

Compliance with other federal and state laws or requirements; changing legal requirements

If any products that we may develop are made available to authorized users of the Federal Supply Schedule of the General Services Administration, additional laws and requirements apply. Products must meet applicable child-resistant packaging requirements under the U.S. Poison Prevention Packaging Act. Manufacturing, labeling, packaging, distribution, sales, promotion and other activities also are potentially subject to federal and state consumer protection and unfair competition laws, among other requirements to which we may be subject.

The distribution of pharmaceutical products is subject to additional requirements and regulations, including extensive recordkeeping, licensing, storage and security requirements intended to prevent the unauthorized sale of pharmaceutical products.

The failure to comply with any of these laws or regulatory requirements may subject firms to legal or regulatory action. Depending on the circumstances, failure to meet applicable regulatory requirements can result in criminal prosecution, fines or other penalties, injunctions, exclusion from federal healthcare programs, requests for recall, seizure of products, total or partial suspension of production, denial or withdrawal of product approvals, relabeling or repackaging, or refusal to allow a firm to enter into supply contracts, including government contracts. Any claim or action against us for violation of these laws, even if we successfully defend against it, could cause us to incur significant legal expenses and divert our management’s attention from the operation of our business. Prohibitions or restrictions on marketing, sales or withdrawal of future products marketed by us could materially affect our business in an adverse way.

Changes in regulations, statutes or the interpretation of existing regulations could impact our business in the future by requiring, for example: (i) changes to our manufacturing arrangements; (ii) additions or modifications to product labeling or packaging; (iii) the recall or discontinuation of our products; or (iv) additional recordkeeping requirements. If any such changes were to be imposed, they could adversely affect the operation of our business.

Other U.S. Environmental, Health and Safety Laws and Regulations

We may be subject to numerous environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, including those governing laboratory procedures and the handling, use, storage, treatment and disposal of hazardous materials and wastes. From time to time and in the future, our operations may involve the use of hazardous and flammable materials, including chemicals and biological materials, and may also produce hazardous waste products. Even if we contract with third parties for the disposal of these materials and waste products, we cannot completely eliminate the risk of contamination or injury resulting from these materials. In the event of contamination or injury resulting from the use or disposal of our hazardous materials, we could be held liable for any resulting damages, and any liability could exceed our resources. We also could incur significant costs associated with civil or criminal fines and penalties for failure to comply with such laws and regulations.

We maintain workers’ compensation insurance to cover us for costs and expenses we may incur due to injuries to our employees, but this insurance may not provide adequate coverage against potential liabilities. However, we do not maintain insurance for environmental liability or toxic tort claims that may be asserted against us.

In addition, we may incur substantial costs in order to comply with current or future environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. Current or future environmental laws and regulations may impair our research, development or production efforts. In addition, failure to comply with these laws and regulations may result in substantial fines, penalties or other sanctions.

Government Regulation of Drugs Outside of the United States

To market any product outside of the U.S., we would need to comply with numerous and varying regulatory requirements of other countries regarding safety and efficacy and governing, among other things, clinical trials, marketing authorization or identification of an alternate regulatory pathway, manufacturing, commercial sales and distribution of our products. For instance, in the United Kingdom and the European Economic Area, or the EEA (comprised of the EU Member States plus Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway), medicinal products must be authorized for marketing by using either the centralized procedure or a national procedure.

•
Centralized procedure
—If pursuing marketing authorization of a product candidate for a therapeutic indication under the centralized procedure, following the opinion of the European Medicines Agency’s Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use, or CHMP, the European Commission issues a single marketing authorization valid across the EEA. The centralized procedure is compulsory for human medicines derived from biotechnology 

27

processes or advanced therapy medicinal products (i.e. gene therapy, somatic cell therapy and tissue engineered products), products that contain a new active substance indicated for the treatment of certain diseases, such as HIV/AIDS, cancer, neurodegenerative disorders, diabetes, autoimmune diseases and other immune dysfunctions, viral diseases, and designated orphan medicinal products. For medicines that do not fall within these categories, an applicant has the option of submitting an application for a centralized marketing authorization to the European Medicines Agency, or EMA, as long as the medicine concerned contains a new active substance not yet authorized in the EU, is a significant therapeutic, scientific or technical innovation, or if its authorization would be in the interest of public health in the EU. Under the centralized procedure the maximum timeframe for the evaluation of a marketing authorization application, or MAA, by the EMA is 210 days, excluding clock stops, when additional written or oral information is to be provided by the applicant in response to questions asked by the CHMP. Clock stops may extend the timeframe of evaluation of an MAA considerably beyond 210 days. Where the CHMP gives a positive opinion, it provides the opinion together with supporting documentation to the European Commission, who makes the final decision to grant a marketing authorization, which is issued within 67 days of receipt of the EMA’s recommendation. Accelerated assessment might be granted by the CHMP in exceptional cases, when a medicinal product is expected to be of a major public health interest, particularly from the point of view of therapeutic innovation. The timeframe for the evaluation of an MAA under the accelerated assessment procedure is 150 days, excluding clock stops, but it is possible that the CHMP can revert to the standard time limit for the centralized procedure if it considers that it is no longer appropriate to conduct an accelerated assessment.

•
National procedures
—There are also two other possible routes to authorize products for therapeutic indications in several countries, which are available for products that fall outside the scope of the centralized procedure:

o
Decentralized procedure
—Using the decentralized procedure, an applicant may apply for simultaneous authorization in more than one EU country of medicinal products that have not yet been authorized in any EU country and that do not fall within the mandatory scope of the centralized procedure.

o
Mutual recognition procedure
—In the mutual recognition procedure, a medicine is first authorized in one EU country, in accordance with the national procedures of that country. Following this, additional marketing authorizations can be sought from other EU countries in a procedure whereby the countries concerned recognize the validity of the original, national marketing authorization. 

In the EU, innovative medicinal products for therapeutic indications that are authorized for marketing (i.e., reference products) qualify for eight years of data exclusivity and an additional two years of market exclusivity upon marketing authorization. The data exclusivity period prevents generic or biosimilar applicants from referencing the innovator’s preclinical and clinical trial data contained in the dossier of the reference product when applying for a generic or biosimilar marketing authorization in the EU during a period of eight years from the date on which the reference product was first authorized in the EU. The market exclusivity period prevents a successful generic or biosimilar applicant from commercializing its product in the EU until ten years have elapsed from the initial authorization of the reference product in the EU. The ten-year market exclusivity period can be extended to a maximum of eleven years if, during the first eight years of those ten years, the marketing authorization holder obtains an authorization for one or more new therapeutic indications which, during the scientific evaluation prior to their authorization, are held to bring a significant clinical benefit in comparison with existing therapies. There is no guarantee that a product will be considered by the EMA to be an innovative medicinal product, and products may not qualify for data exclusivity. Even if a product is considered to be an innovative medicinal product so that the innovator gains the prescribed period of data exclusivity, another company nevertheless could also market another version of the product if such company obtained marketing authorization based on an MAA with a complete and independent data package of pharmaceutical tests, preclinical tests and clinical trials.

The criteria for designating an “orphan medicinal product” in the EU are similar in principle to those in the U.S. In the EU, a medicinal product may be designated as orphan if: (1) it is intended for the diagnosis, prevention or treatment of a life-threatening or chronically debilitating condition; (2) either (a) such condition affects no more than five in 10,000 persons in the EU when the application is made, or (b) it is unlikely that the product, without the benefits derived from orphan status, would generate sufficient return in the EU to justify the necessary investment in its development; and (3) there exists no satisfactory method of diagnosis, prevention or treatment of such condition authorized for marketing in the EU or, if such a method exists, the product will be of significant benefit to those affected by that condition. Orphan medicinal products are eligible for financial incentives such as reduction of fees or fee waivers and are, upon grant of a marketing authorization, entitled to ten years of market exclusivity for the approved therapeutic indication. During this ten-year orphan market exclusivity period, no MAA shall be accepted, and no marketing authorization shall be granted for a similar medicinal product for the same therapeutic indication. A “similar medicinal product” is defined as a medicinal product containing a similar active substance or substances as contained in an authorized orphan medicinal product, and which is intended for the same therapeutic indication. An orphan product can also obtain an additional two years of market exclusivity in the EU where an agreed pediatric investigation plan for pediatric studies has been complied with. No extension to any supplementary protection certificate, or

28

SPC, can be granted on the basis of pediatric studies for orphan indications. The ten-year market exclusivity may be reduced to six years if, at the end of the fifth year, it is established that the product no longer meets the criteria for orphan designation, for example, if the product is sufficiently profitable not to justify maintenance of market exclusivity. Additionally, a marketing authorization may be granted to a similar product for the same therapeutic indication as an authorized orphan product at any time if (i) the second applicant can establish that its product, although similar to the authorized orphan product, is safer, more effective or otherwise clinically superior; (ii) the marketing authorization holder for the authorized orphan product consents to a second orphan medicinal product application; or (iii) the marketing authorization holder for the authorized orphan product cannot supply enough orphan medicinal product.

Prior to obtaining a marketing authorization in the EU, applicants must demonstrate compliance with all measures included in an EMA-approved pediatric investigation plan, or PIP, covering all subsets of the pediatric population, unless the EMA has granted a product-specific waiver, a class waiver, or a deferral for one or more of the measures included in the PIP. The respective requirements for all marketing authorization procedures are laid down in Regulation (EC) No 1901/2006, the so-called Pediatric Regulation. This requirement also applies when a company wants to add a new indication, pharmaceutical form or route of administration for a medicine that is already authorized. The Pediatric Committee of the EMA, or PDCO, may grant deferrals for some medicines, allowing a company to delay development of the medicine for children until there is enough information to demonstrate its effectiveness and safety in adults. The PDCO may also grant waivers when development of a medicine for children is not needed or is not appropriate, such as for diseases that only affect the elderly population. Before an MAA can be filed, or an existing marketing authorization can be amended, the EMA determines that companies actually comply with the agreed studies and measures listed in each relevant PIP. If an applicant obtains a marketing authorization in all EU Member States, or a marketing authorization granted in the centralized procedure by the European Commission, and the study results for the pediatric population are included in the product information, even when negative, the medicine is then eligible for an additional six-month period of qualifying patent protection through extension of the term of the SPC, provided an application for such extension is made at the same time as filing the SPC application for the product, or at any point up to 2 years before the SPC expires. In the case of orphan medicinal products, a two year extension of the orphan market exclusivity may be available. This pediatric reward is subject to specific conditions and is not automatically available when data in compliance with the PIP are developed and submitted.

Similar to the U.S., the various phases of non-clinical and clinical research in the European Union are subject to significant regulatory controls.

In April 2014, the EU adopted the Clinical Trials Regulation (EU) No 536/2014 (Clinical Trials Regulation) which replaced the Clinical Trials Directive 2001/20/EC on January 31, 2022. The Clinical Trials Regulation aims to simplify and streamline the approval of clinical trials in the European Union.

The main characteristics of the regulation include: a streamlined application procedure via a single-entry point, the “Clinical Trials Information System” or CTIS; a single set of documents to be prepared and submitted for the application as well as simplified reporting procedures for clinical trial sponsors; and a harmonized procedure for the assessment of applications for clinical trials, which is divided in two parts. Part I is assessed by coordinated assessment by the competent authorities of all EU Member States in which an application for authorization of a clinical trial has been submitted (Member States concerned) following review by a Reference Member State. Part II is assessed separately by each Member State concerned. Strict deadlines have been established for the assessment of clinical trial applications. The role of the relevant ethics committees in the assessment procedure continues to be governed by the national law of the concerned EU Member State. However, overall related timelines are defined by the Clinical Trials Regulation.

All of the aforementioned EU rules are generally applicable in the EEA.

Reform of the Regulatory Framework in the European Union

The European Commission introduced legislative proposals in April 2023 that, if implemented, will replace the current regulatory framework in the EU for all medicines (including those for rare diseases and for children). The European Commission has provided legislative proposals to the European Parliament and the European Council for their review and approval, and, in April 2024, the European Parliament proposed amendments to the legislative proposals. Once the European Commission’s legislative proposals are approved (with or without amendment), they will be adopted into EU law.

29

Government regulation of data collection outside of the United States

In the event we conduct clinical trials in the European Union, we will be subject to additional privacy restrictions. The collection and use of personal health data in the EEA is governed by the General Data Protection Regulation, or the GDPR, which became effective on May 25, 2018. The GDPR applies to the processing of personal data by any company established in the EEA and to companies established outside the EEA to the extent they process personal data in connection with the offering of goods or services to data subjects in the EEA or the monitoring of the behavior of data subjects in the EEA. The GDPR enhances data protection obligations for data controllers of personal data, including stringent requirements relating to the consent of data subjects, expanded disclosures about how personal data is used, requirements to conduct privacy impact assessments for “high risk” processing, limitations on retention of personal data, mandatory data breach notification and “privacy by design” requirements, and creates direct obligations on service providers acting as processors. The GDPR also imposes strict rules on the transfer of personal data outside of the EEA to countries that do not ensure an adequate level of protection, like the United States. Failure to comply with the requirements of the GDPR and the related national data protection laws of the EEA Member States, which may deviate slightly from the GDPR, may result in fines of up to 4% of a company’s global revenues for the preceding financial year, or €20,000,000, whichever is greater. Moreover, the GDPR grants data subjects the right to claim material and non-material damages resulting from infringement of the GDPR. Given the breadth and depth of changes in data protection obligations, maintaining compliance with the GDPR will require significant time, resources and expense, and we may be required to put in place additional controls and processes ensuring compliance with the new data protection rules. There has been limited enforcement of the GDPR to date, particularly in biopharmaceutical development, so we face uncertainty as to the exact interpretation of the new requirements on any future trials and we may be unsuccessful in implementing all measures required by data protection authorities or courts in interpretation of the new law. In addition, further to the United Kingdom’s exit from the European Union on January 31, 2020, the GDPR ceased to apply in the United Kingdom at the end of the transition period on December 31, 2020. However, as of January 1, 2021, the United Kingdom’s European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 incorporated the GDPR (as it existed on December 31, 2020, but subject to certain UK specific amendments) into UK law, referred to as the UK GDPR. The UK GDPR and the UK Data Protection Act 2018 set out the United Kingdom’s data protection regime, which is independent from but aligned to the European Union’s data protection regime. Non-compliance with the UK GDPR may result in monetary penalties of up to £17.5 million or 4% of worldwide revenue, whichever is higher. Although the UK is regarded as a third country under the European Union’s GDPR, the European Commission has now issued a decision recognizing the UK as providing adequate protection under the EU GDPR and, therefore, transfers of personal data originating in the EU to the UK remain unrestricted. Like the EU GDPR, the UK GDPR restricts personal data transfers outside the United Kingdom to countries not regarded by the United Kingdom as providing adequate protection. The UK government has confirmed that personal data transfers from the United Kingdom to the EEA remain free flowing.

There is significant uncertainty related to the manner in which data protection authorities will seek to enforce compliance with the GDPR. For example, it is not clear if the authorities will conduct random audits of companies doing business in the EEA, or if the authorities will wait for complaints to be filed by individuals who claim their rights have been violated. Enforcement uncertainty and the costs associated with ensuring GDPR compliance are onerous and may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.

Should we utilize third party distributors, compliance with such foreign governmental regulations would generally be the responsibility of such distributors, who may be independent contractors over whom we have limited control.

Brexit and the Regulatory Framework in the United Kingdom

The UK formally left the EU on January 31, 2020.

As a result of the Northern Ireland Protocol, following Brexit, the EMA remained responsible for approving novel medicines for supply in Northern Ireland under the EU centralized procedure, and a separate authorization was required to supply the same medicine in Great Britain (England, Wales and Scotland). A new framework named the Windsor Framework was approved by the EU-UK Joint Committee on March 24, 2023, and the medicines aspects of the Windsor Framework have applied since January 1, 2025. This new framework fundamentally changes the previous system under the Northern Ireland Protocol, including with respect to the regulation of medicinal products in the U.K. The MHRA is now responsible for approving all medicinal products destined for the U.K. market (i.e., Great Britain and Northern Ireland) and the EMA no longer has any role in approving medicinal products destined for Northern Ireland under the EU centralized procedure. A single UK-wide marketing authorization will be granted by the MHRA for all novel medicinal products to be sold in the U.K., enabling products to be sold in a single pack and under a single authorization throughout the U.K.. However, although a separate authorization is now required to market medicinal products in the U.K., under an international recognition procedure which was put in place by the MHRA on January 1, 2024, the MHRA may take into account decisions on the approval of a marketing authorization from the EMA (and certain other regulators) when considering an application for a U.K. marketing authorization.

Employees and Human Capital

30

As of December 31, 2024, we had 188 full-time employees, of which 98 have M.D. or Ph.D. degrees. Within our workforce, 146 employees are engaged in research and development and 42 are engaged in business development, finance, legal, and general management and administration. We consider the intellectual capital of our employees to be an essential driver of our business and key to our future prospects. We continually evaluate the business need and opportunity and balance in house expertise and capacity with outsourced expertise and capacity. Currently, we outsource substantially all clinical trial work to clinical research organizations and certain drug manufacturing to contract manufacturers. Drug development is a complex endeavor which requires deep expertise and experience across a broad array of disciplines. Pharmaceutical companies, both large and small, compete for a limited number of qualified applicants to fill specialized positions. We monitor our compensation programs closely and provide what we consider to be a very competitive mix of compensation and insurance benefits for all our employees, as well as participation in our equity programs. To attract qualified applicants, the Company offers a comprehensive benefits package consisting of base salary and cash target bonus, medical and other benefits and equity compensation for every employee. Bonus opportunity and equity compensation increase as a percentage of total compensation based on level of responsibility. Actual bonus payout is based on performance.

None of our employees is subject to a collective bargaining agreement or represented by a trade or labor union. We consider our relations with our employees to be good.

We support our employees’ further development with individualized development plans, mentoring, coaching, group training, conference attendance and financial support including tuition reimbursement.

Facilities

Our corporate headquarters are located in Watertown, Massachusetts, where we lease and occupy approximately 100,624 square feet of office and laboratory space. This lease has an initial term of 134 months, and we have two consecutive options to extend the term of the lease for five years each at then-market rates. Additionally, we lease 34,522 square feet of office and laboratory space in Watertown that we are not currently occupying. The current term of this lease expires March 31, 2030, with an option to extend the term five additional years with 12 months’ notice with rent set at an agreed upon market rate. We intend to sublease and are actively marketing the additional space to third parties.

Our new facility is expected to be sufficient to meet our current needs. To meet the future needs of our business, we may lease additional or alternate space, and we believe suitable additional or alternative space will be available in the future on commercially reasonable terms.

Our Corporate Information

We were incorporated under the laws of Delaware in September 2015 under the name Project HSC, Inc. We are the successor in interest to Kymera Therapeutics, LLC, a limited liability company formed under the laws of the State of Delaware on May 25, 2017, and the former holder of all of our outstanding shares of common stock. Our principal executive offices are located at 500 North Beacon Street, 4th Floor, Watertown, MA 02472 and our telephone number is (857) 285-5300. Our website address is www.kymeratx.com. References to our website are inactive textual references only and the content of our website should not be deemed incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

31

Available Information

Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to these reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, are available free of charge on our website located at www.kymeratx.com as soon as reasonably practicable after they are filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC.

The SEC maintains an Internet website that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding us and other issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The SEC’s Internet website address is http://www.sec.gov.

A copy of our Corporate Governance Guidelines, Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and the charters of the Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee are posted on our website, www.kymeratx.com, under “Investors”.

32

Item 1A. Ris
k Factors.

Our business involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the material and other risks and uncertainties described and summarized below, as well as the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our consolidated financial statements and related notes and the section titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and “Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements,” before you make an investment decision. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements as a result of factors that are described below and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The risks described below are not the only risks that we face. The occurrence of any of the events or developments described below could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. As a result, the market price of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment in our common stock. New risks can emerge from time to time, and it is not possible to predict the impact that any factor or combination of factors may have on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations.

Risks Related to Our Financial Position and Need for Additional Capital

We are a clinical stage company and that may make it difficult for our stockholders to evaluate the success of our business to date and to assess our future viability.

Since our formation in 2015 and our initial funding in 2016, our operations to date have been limited primarily to organizing and staffing our company, business planning, raising capital, researching and developing our drug discovery technology, developing our pipeline, building our intellectual property portfolio, undertaking preclinical studies and conducting Phase 1 clinical trials of our product candidates. We have never generated any revenue from drug sales. We have not obtained regulatory approvals for any of our current product candidates. Any predictions we make about our future success or viability may not be as accurate as they could be if we had a longer operating history. In addition, as a business with a limited operating history, we may encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other known and unknown factors, such as developments relating to macroeconomic conditions. We will need to transition from a company with a research and development focus to a company capable of supporting late-stage development and commercial activities. We may not be successful in such a transition.

We have incurred significant operating losses since our inception and anticipate that we will incur continued losses for the foreseeable future.

Since inception, we have incurred significant operating losses. To date, we have financed our operations primarily through the issuance and sale of our convertible preferred stock to outside investors, collaborators in private equity financings, upfront payments under our collaborations and sales of our common stock in our initial public offering (IPO) and multiple public and private offerings of common stock and our at-the market sales program. As of December 31, 2024, our cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities were $850.9 million. We have incurred net losses in each year since our inception, and we had an accumulated deficit of $754.6 million as of December 31, 2024. For the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, we reported net losses of $223.9 million, $147.0 million, $154.8 million, respectively. Substantially all of our operating losses have resulted from costs incurred in connection with our research and development programs and from general and administrative costs associated with our operations. We expect to continue to incur significant expenses and increasing operating losses over the next several years and for the foreseeable future. We expect our expenses to significantly increase in connection with our ongoing activities, as we:

•
initiate and complete preclinical studies and clinical trials for current or future product candidates;

•
prepare and submit Investigational New Drug applications, or INDs, with the FDA, for future product candidates;

•
develop and scale up our capabilities to support our ongoing preclinical activities and clinical trials for our product candidates and commercialization of any of our product candidates for which we may obtain marketing approval; 

•
secure facilities to support continued growth in our research, development and commercialization efforts;

•
advance research and development related activities to expand our product pipeline; 

•
expand and improve the capabilities of our drug discovery platform; 

•
seek regulatory approval for our product candidates that successfully complete clinical development; 

•
contract to manufacture our product candidates; 

•
maintain, expand and protect our intellectual property portfolio; 

33

•
hire additional staff, including clinical, scientific and management personnel; and 

•
incur additional costs associated with continuing to operate as a public company. 

In addition, if we obtain marketing approval for our current or future product candidates, we will incur significant expenses relating to sales, marketing, product manufacturing and distribution. Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with developing pharmaceutical drugs, we are unable to predict the extent of any future losses or when we will become profitable, if at all. Even if we do become profitable, we may not be able to sustain or increase our profitability on a quarterly or annual basis.

Risks Related to Future Financial Condition

We will need to raise substantial additional funding. If we are unable to raise capital when needed or on attractive terms, we would be forced to delay, scale back or discontinue some of our product candidate development programs or future commercialization efforts.

The development of pharmaceutical drugs is capital-intensive. We expect our expenses to increase substantially in connection with our ongoing activities, particularly as we continue the research and development of, advance the preclinical and clinical activities of, and seek marketing approval for, our current or future product candidates. In addition, if we obtain marketing approval for any of our current or future product candidates, we expect to incur significant commercialization expenses related to sales, marketing, product manufacturing and distribution to the extent that we exercise our opt-in rights with collaborators or that such sales, marketing, product manufacturing and distribution are not the responsibility of our collaborators. We may also need to raise additional funds sooner if we choose to pursue additional indications and/or geographies for our current or future product candidates or otherwise expand more rapidly than we presently anticipate. Furthermore, we expect to continue to incur additional costs associated with operating as a public company. Accordingly, we will need to obtain substantial additional funding in connection with our continuing operations. If we are unable to raise capital when needed or on attractive terms, we would be forced to delay, scale back or discontinue the development and commercialization of one or more of our product candidates, and may be unable to expand our operations or otherwise capitalize on our business opportunities, as desired, which could materially affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

As of December 31, 2024, we had approximately $850.9 million of cash and cash equivalents and investments, which we expect will be sufficient to fund our operations into mid-2027. We have based this estimate on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could use our capital resources sooner than we currently expect. This estimate also assumes that we do not obtain any additional funding through collaborations or other strategic alliances. Our future capital requirements will depend on, and could increase significantly as a result of, many factors, including:

•
the scope, progress, results and costs of drug discovery, preclinical development, laboratory testing and clinical trials for our current or future product candidates, including additional expenses attributable to adjusting our development plans (including any supply related matters); 

•
the scope, prioritization and number of our research and development programs; 

•
the costs, timing and outcome of regulatory review of our current or future product candidates; 

•
our ability to establish and maintain additional collaborations on favorable terms, if at all;

•
the achievement of milestones or occurrence of other developments that trigger payments under any existing or additional collaboration agreements we obtain; 

•
the extent to which we are obligated to reimburse, or entitled to reimbursement of, clinical trial costs under future collaboration agreements, if any; 

•
the costs of preparing, filing and prosecuting patent applications, maintaining and enforcing our intellectual property rights and defending intellectual property-related claims; 

•
the extent to which we acquire or in-license other current or future product candidates and technologies; 

•
the costs of securing manufacturing arrangements for commercial production; and 

•
the costs of establishing or contracting for sales and marketing capabilities if we obtain regulatory clearances to market our current or future product candidates. 

34

Identifying potential product candidates and conducting preclinical studies and clinical trials is a time-consuming, expensive and uncertain process that takes years to complete, and we may never generate the necessary data or results required to obtain marketing approval and achieve drug sales. In addition, our current or future product candidates, if approved, may not achieve commercial success. Our commercial revenues, if any, will be derived from sales of drugs that we do not expect to be commercially available for many years, if at all. Accordingly, we will need to continue to rely on additional funding to achieve our business objectives.

Raising additional capital may cause dilution to our stockholders, restrict our operations or require us to relinquish rights to our technologies or product candidates.

Any additional fundraising efforts may divert our management from their day-to-day activities, which may adversely affect our ability to develop and commercialize our current or future product candidates. Disruptions in the financial markets in general may make equity and debt financing more difficult to obtain and may have a material adverse effect on our ability to meet our fundraising needs. We cannot guarantee that future financing will be available in sufficient amounts or on terms favorable to us, if at all. Moreover, the terms of any financing may adversely affect the holdings or the rights of our stockholders and the issuance of additional securities, whether equity or debt, by us, or the possibility of such issuance, may cause the market price of our shares to decline. The sale of additional equity or convertible securities would dilute all of our stockholders. The incurrence of indebtedness would result in increased fixed payment obligations and we may be required to agree to certain restrictive covenants, such as limitations on our ability to incur additional debt, limitations on our ability to acquire, sell or license intellectual property rights and other operating restrictions that could adversely impact our ability to conduct our business. We could also be required to seek funds through arrangements with collaborators or otherwise at an earlier stage than otherwise would be desirable and we may be required to relinquish rights to some of our technologies or current or future product candidates or otherwise agree to terms unfavorable to us, any of which may have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and prospects.

We will continue to incur increased costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our management will be required to devote substantial time to new compliance initiatives.

As a public company, we will continue to incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses. We are subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, or Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, or the Dodd-Frank Act. For example, the Exchange Act requires, among other things, that we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC, annual, quarterly and current reports with respect to our business and financial condition. These reporting requirements continue to evolve, which has created uncertainty for public companies like us and accommodating these evolving standards may require increased legal and financial compliance costs and make some activities more time-consuming and costly. Stockholder activism, the current political environment and the current high level of government intervention and regulatory reform may lead to substantial new regulations and disclosure obligations, which may lead to additional compliance costs and impact the manner in which we operate our business in ways we cannot currently anticipate.

If these requirements divert the attention of our management and personnel from other business concerns, they could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. It may be more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance in the future and we may be required to incur substantial costs to maintain the same or similar coverage. We cannot predict or estimate the amount or timing of additional costs we may incur to respond to these requirements. The impact of these requirements could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our board of directors, our board committees or as executive officers.

Adverse developments affecting the financial services industry, such as actual events or concerns involving liquidity, defaults, or non-performance by financial institutions or transactional counterparties, could adversely affect our current and projected business operations and our financial condition and results of operations.

Actual events involving limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments that affect financial institutions, transactional counterparties or other companies in the financial services industry or the financial services industry generally, or concerns or rumors about any events of these kinds or other similar risks, have in the past and may in the future lead to market-wide liquidity problems. For example, on March 10, 2023, Silicon Valley Bank, or SVB, was closed by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation, which appointed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, or FDIC, as receiver. Since then, additional financial institutions have experienced similar failures and have been placed into receivership. If other banks and financial institutions enter receivership or become insolvent in the future in response to financial conditions affecting the banking system and financial markets, then our ability to access our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities may be threatened, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition.

35

Although we assess our banking and customer relationships as we believe necessary or appropriate, our access to funding sources and other credit arrangements in amounts adequate to finance or capitalize our current and projected future business operations could be significantly impaired by factors that affect us, the financial institutions with whom we have credit agreements or arrangements directly, or the financial services industry or economy in general. These factors could include, among others, events such as liquidity constraints or failures, the ability to perform obligations under various types of financial, credit or liquidity agreements or arrangements, disruptions or instability in the financial services industry or financial markets, or concerns or negative expectations about the prospects for companies in the financial services industry. These factors could involve financial institutions or financial services industry companies with which we have financial or business relationships, but could also include factors involving financial markets or the financial services industry generally.

The results of events or concerns that involve one or more of these factors could include a variety of material and adverse impacts on our current and projected business operations and our financial condition and results of operations. These could include, but may not be limited to, the following:

•
Delayed access to deposits or other financial assets or the uninsured loss of deposits or other financial assets;

•
Delayed or lost access to working capital sources and/or delays, inability or reductions in our ability to enter into new credit facilities or other working capital resources;

•
Potential or actual breach of contractual obligations that require us to maintain letters of credit or other credit support arrangements;

•
Potential or actual breach of financial covenants in any credit agreements or credit arrangements; or

•
Potential or actual cross-defaults in other credit agreements, credit arrangements or operating or financing agreements. 

Any decline in available funding or access to our cash and liquidity resources could, among other risks, adversely impact our ability to meet our operating expenses, financial obligations or fulfill our other obligations, result in breaches of our financial and/or contractual obligations or result in violations of federal or state wage and hour laws. Any of these impacts, or any other impacts resulting from the factors described above or other related or similar factors not described above, could have material adverse impacts on our liquidity and our current and/or projected business operations and financial condition and results of operations. In addition, any further deterioration in the macroeconomic economy or financial services industry could lead to losses or defaults by our customers or suppliers, which in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our current and/or projected business operations and results of operations and financial condition. For example, a supplier may determine that it will no longer deal with us as a customer. In addition, a supplier could be adversely affected by any of the liquidity or other risks that are described above as factors that could result in material adverse impacts on us, including but not limited to delayed access or loss of access to uninsured deposits or loss of the ability to draw on existing credit facilities involving a troubled or failed financial institution. Any supplier bankruptcy or insolvency, or any breach or default by a supplier, or the loss of any significant supplier relationships, could result in material losses to us and may have a material adverse impact on our business.

Risks Related to Drug Development and Regulatory Approval

Risks Related to Preclinical and Clinical Development

We are very early in our development efforts and our IRAK4 and STAT6 programs are in early clinical development. If we are unable to advance them through the clinic for safety or efficacy reasons or commercialize our product candidates or experience significant delays in doing so, our business will be materially harmed.

Our ability to become profitable depends upon our ability to generate revenue. To date, while we have generated collaboration revenue, we have not generated any revenue from our product candidates, and we do not expect to generate any revenue from the sale of drugs in the near future. We do not expect to generate revenue from product sales unless and until we complete the development of, obtain marketing approval for, and begin to sell, one or more of our product candidates. We are also unable to predict when, if ever, we will be able to generate revenue from such product candidates due to the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with drug development, including the uncertainty of:

•
the results of ongoing or planned clinical trials of our product candidates;

•
the results of preclinical studies and timing of IND clearances of future product candidates, and/or clinical trial costs for current and future product candidates;

36

•
our successful initiation, enrollment of and completion of clinical trials for current and future product candidates, including our ability to generate positive data from any such clinical trials; 

•
our ability to receive regulatory approvals from applicable regulatory authorities; 

•
the initiation and successful completion of all safety studies required to obtain U.S. and foreign marketing approval for our product candidates; 

•
the costs associated with the development of any additional development programs we identify in-house or acquire through collaborations or other arrangements; 

•
our ability to establish and maintain manufacturing capabilities or make arrangements with third-party manufacturers for clinical supply and commercial manufacturing;  

•
obtaining and maintaining patent and trade secret protection or regulatory exclusivity for our product candidates; 

•
launching commercial sales of our product candidates, if and when approved, whether alone or in collaboration with others; 

•
obtaining and maintaining acceptance of our product candidates, if and when approved, by patients, the medical community and third-party payors; 

•
effectively competing with other therapies; 

•
obtaining and maintaining healthcare coverage and adequate reimbursement; 

•
the success of our existing collaborations as well as the terms and timing of any additional collaboration, license or other arrangement, including the terms and timing of any payments thereunder; 

•
our ability to enforce and defend intellectual property rights and claims; and 

•
our ability to maintain a continued acceptable safety profile of our product candidates following approval. 

We expect to incur significant sales and marketing costs as we prepare to commercialize our current or future product candidates. Even if we initiate and successfully complete pivotal or registration-enabling clinical trials of our current or future product candidates, and our current or future product candidates are approved for commercial sale, and despite expending these costs, our current or future product candidates may not be commercially successful. We may not achieve profitability soon after generating drug sales, if ever. If we are unable to generate revenue, we will not become profitable and may be unable to continue operations without continued funding.

Our approach to the discovery and development of product candidates is novel and unproven, which makes it difficult to predict the time, cost of development and likelihood of successfully developing any products.

We utilize a method known as targeted protein degradation, or TPD, to discover and develop product candidates. Our future success depends on the successful development of this novel therapeutic approach. No product candidate using a heterobifunctional degrader has been approved in the United States or Europe, and the data underlying the feasibility of developing such therapeutic products is both preliminary and limited. In addition, we have not yet succeeded and may not succeed in demonstrating the efficacy and safety of any of our product candidates in clinical trials or in obtaining marketing approval thereafter. In particular, our ability to successfully achieve TPD with a therapeutic result requires the successful development of heterobifunctional molecules that were intentionally designed with a rational drug development process and developing those molecules with the right combination of protein targets and E3 ligases. This is a complex process requiring a number of component parts or biological mechanisms to work in unison to achieve the desired effect. We cannot be certain that we will be able to discover degraders by matching the right target with the ideal E3 ligase and the right linker in a timely manner, or at all. All of our product candidates are in preclinical or early clinical development. As such, there may be adverse effects from treatment with any of our current or future product candidates that we cannot predict at this time.

As a result of these factors, it is more difficult for us to predict the time and cost of product candidate development, and we cannot predict whether the application of our expertise in TPD will result in the development and marketing approval of any products. Any development problems we experience in the future related to any of our research programs may cause significant delays or unanticipated costs or may prevent the development of a commercially viable product. Any of these factors may prevent us from completing our preclinical studies and clinical trials or commercializing any product candidates we may develop on a timely or profitable basis, if at all.

37

We may not be successful in our efforts to identify or discover additional product candidates or we may expend our limited resources to pursue a particular product candidate or indication and fail to capitalize on product candidates or indications that may be more profitable or for which there is a greater likelihood of success.

A key element of our strategy is to apply our expertise in TPD, and product pipeline to address a broad array of targets and new therapeutic areas. The therapeutic discovery activities that we are conducting may not be successful in identifying product candidates that are useful in treating oncology, inflammation, immunology or genetic diseases. Our research programs may be unsuccessful in identifying potential product candidates, or our potential product candidates may be shown to have harmful side effects or may have other characteristics that may make the products unmarketable or unlikely to receive marketing approval.

Because we have limited financial and management resources, we focus on a limited number of research programs and product candidates. We are currently focused on our immunology portfolio, consisting of our STAT6, TYK2 and IRAK4 programs, which target key signaling pathways implicated in multiple inflammatory and autoimmune diseases. In some instances, we may decide to discontinue our investment in programs. For example, in November 2023, we announced the decision to discontinue the development of our KT-413 (IRAKIMID) and in October 2024, we announced the decision to discontinue the development of our KT-333 (STAT3) and KT-253 (MDM2) programs in order to focus resources to support our growing immunology pipeline. As a result, we may forego or delay pursuit of opportunities with other current or future product candidates or for other indications that later prove to have greater commercial potential. Our resource allocation decisions may cause us to fail to capitalize on viable commercial drugs or profitable market opportunities. Our spending on current and future research and development programs and current or future product candidates for specific indications may not yield any commercially viable drugs. If we do not accurately evaluate the commercial potential or target market for a particular product candidate, we may relinquish valuable rights to that product candidate through future collaboration, licensing or other royalty arrangements in cases in which it would have been more advantageous for us to retain sole development and commercialization rights to such product candidate.

We depend heavily on the successful development of our lead programs. We cannot be certain that we will be able to obtain regulatory approval for, or successfully commercialize, any of our current or future product candidates.

We currently have no product candidates approved for sale and may never be able to develop marketable product candidates. Our business depends heavily on the successful development, regulatory approval and commercialization of our current or future product candidates. The preclinical studies and clinical trials of our current or future product candidates are, and the manufacturing and marketing of our current or future product candidates will be, subject to extensive and rigorous review and regulation by numerous government authorities, including in the U.S. and in other countries where we intend to test or, if approved, market any of our current or future product candidates. Before obtaining regulatory approvals for the commercial sale of any of our current or future product candidates, we must demonstrate through preclinical studies and clinical trials that each product candidate is safe and effective for use in each target indication. Drug development is a long, expensive and uncertain process, and delay or failure can occur at any stage of any of our preclinical studies and clinical trials. For example, the preclinical and manufacturing data we submit to obtain authorization to proceed into human clinical trials may not be accepted initially or at all by a government authority, which could result in a clinical hold on a product candidate. Clinical holds can delay clinical trial initiation and, even if successfully resolved, could occur at any time during clinical development as new data or information emerges. The drug development process can take many years and may include post-marketing studies and surveillance, which will require the expenditure of substantial resources. Of the large number of drugs in development in the U.S., only a small percentage will successfully complete the FDA regulatory approval process and will be commercialized, with similarly low rates of success for drugs in development in the European Union obtaining regulatory approval from the European Commission following scientific evaluation by the European Medicines Agency, or EMA. Accordingly, even if we are able to obtain the requisite financing to continue to fund our development and preclinical studies and clinical trials, we cannot assure you that any of our current or future product candidates will be successfully developed or commercialized.

We are not permitted to market our current or future product candidates in the U.S. until we receive approval of a New Drug Application, or an NDA, from the FDA, in the European Union, or EU, until we receive approval of a marketing authorization application, or an MAA, from the European Commission, or in any other foreign countries until we receive the requisite approval from such countries. Obtaining approval of an NDA or MAA is a complex, lengthy, expensive and uncertain process, and the FDA or EMA may delay, limit or deny approval of any of our current or future product candidates for many reasons, including, among others:

•
we may not be able to demonstrate that our current or future product candidates are safe and effective in treating their target indications to the satisfaction of the FDA or applicable foreign regulatory agency; 

38

•
the results of our preclinical studies and clinical trials may not meet the level of statistical or clinical significance required by the FDA or applicable foreign regulatory agency for marketing approval; 

•
the FDA or applicable foreign regulatory agency may disagree with the number, design, size, conduct or implementation of our preclinical studies and clinical trials; 

•
the FDA or applicable foreign regulatory agency may require that we conduct additional preclinical studies and clinical trials; 

•
the FDA or applicable foreign regulatory agency may not approve the formulation, labeling or specifications of any of our current or future product candidates; 

•
the contract research organizations, or CROs, that we retain to conduct our preclinical studies and clinical trials may take actions outside of our control that materially adversely impact our preclinical studies and clinical trials; 

•
the FDA or applicable foreign regulatory agency may find the data from preclinical studies and clinical trials insufficient to demonstrate that our current or future product candidates’ clinical and other benefits outweigh their safety risks; 

•
the FDA or applicable foreign regulatory agency may disagree with our interpretation of data from our preclinical studies and clinical trials; 

•
the FDA or applicable foreign regulatory agency may not accept data generated at our preclinical studies and clinical trial sites; 

•
if our NDA, if and when submitted, is reviewed by an advisory committee, the FDA may have difficulties scheduling an advisory committee meeting in a timely manner or the advisory committee may recommend against approval of our application or may recommend that the FDA require, as a condition of approval, additional preclinical studies or clinical trials, limitations on approved labeling or distribution and use restrictions; 

•
the FDA may require development of a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy, or REMS, as a condition of approval or post-approval; 

•
the FDA or the applicable foreign regulatory agency may determine that the manufacturing processes or facilities of third-party manufacturers with which we contract do not conform to applicable requirements, including current Good Manufacturing Practices, or cGMPs; 

•
the FDA or applicable foreign regulatory agency may be delayed in its review processes due to staffing or other constraints; or 

•
the FDA or applicable foreign regulatory agency may change its approval policies or adopt new regulations.

Any of these factors, many of which are beyond our control, could jeopardize our ability to obtain regulatory approval for and successfully market our current or future product candidates. Any such setback in our pursuit of regulatory approval would have a material adverse effect on our business and prospects.

If we experience delays or difficulties in the initiation or enrollment of patients in clinical trials, our receipt of necessary regulatory approvals could be delayed or prevented.

There may be delays in trial initiation, including due to clinical holds or site activation delays, and we may not be able to locate and enroll a sufficient number of eligible patients to participate in these trials as required by the FDA or similar regulatory authorities outside the U.S. Moreover, some of our competitors have ongoing clinical trials for current or future product candidates that treat the same patient populations as our current or future product candidates, and patients who would otherwise be eligible for our clinical trials may instead enroll in clinical trials of our competitors’ current or future product candidates.

39

Patient enrollment may be affected by other factors including:

•
the size and nature of the patient population; 

•
competition with other companies for clinical sites or patients; 

•
the willingness of participants to enroll in our clinical trials in our countries of interest; 

•
the severity of the disease under investigation; 

•
the eligibility criteria for the clinical trial in question; 

•
the availability of an appropriate screening test for the indications we are pursuing; 

•
the perceived risks and benefits of the product candidate under study; 

•
the efforts to facilitate timely enrollment in and completion of clinical trials; 

•
the patient referral practices of physicians; 

•
the ability to monitor patients adequately during and after treatment; 

•
the proximity and availability of clinical trial sites for prospective patients; and 

•
factors we may not be able to control, such as potential pandemics that may limit subjects, principal investigators or staff or clinical site availability.

Interim, “topline,” and preliminary data from our clinical trials that we announce or publish from time to time may change as more patient data become available and are subject to audit and verification procedures that could result in material changes in the final data.

From time to time, we may publicly disclose preliminary or topline data from our preclinical studies and clinical trials, which is based on a preliminary analysis of then-available data, and the results and related findings and conclusions are subject to change following a more comprehensive review of the data related to the particular study or trial. There can be no assurance that the final topline data from our trials will be consistent with such results or otherwise viewed as positive. We also make assumptions, estimations, calculations and conclusions as part of our analyses of data, and we may not have received or had the opportunity to fully and carefully evaluate all data. As a result, the topline or preliminary results that we report may differ from future results of the same studies, or different conclusions or considerations may qualify such results, once additional data have been received and fully evaluated. Topline data also remain subject to audit and verification procedures that may result in the final data being materially different from the preliminary data we previously published. As a result, topline data should be viewed with caution until the final data are available. From time to time, we may also disclose interim data from our clinical trials. Interim data from clinical trials that we may complete, including data from of our clinical trials, are subject to the risk that one or more of the clinical outcomes may materially change as patient enrollment continues and more patient data become available or as patients from our clinical trials continue other treatments for their diseases. Adverse differences between preliminary or interim data and final data could significantly harm our business prospects. Further, disclosure of interim data by us or by our competitors could result in volatility in the price of our common stock.

Further, others, including regulatory agencies, may not accept or agree with our assumptions, estimates, calculations, conclusions or analyses or may interpret or weigh the importance of data differently, which could impact the value of the particular program, the approvability or commercialization of the particular product candidate or product and our company in general. In addition, the information we choose to publicly disclose regarding a particular study or clinical trial, is based on what is typically extensive information, and you or others may not agree with what we determine is material or otherwise appropriate information to include in our disclosure.

If the interim, topline, or preliminary data that we report differ from actual results, or if others, including regulatory authorities, disagree with the conclusions reached, our ability to obtain approval for, and commercialize, our product candidates may be harmed, which could harm our business, results of operations, prospects or financial condition.

40

Positive results from early preclinical studies and clinical trials of our current or future product candidates are not necessarily predictive of the results of later preclinical studies and clinical trials of our current or future product candidates. If we cannot replicate the positive results from our preclinical studies of our current or future product candidates in our future clinical trials, we may be unable to successfully develop, obtain regulatory approval for and commercialize our current or future product candidates.

Positive results from our preclinical studies of our current or future product candidates, and any positive results we may obtain from our early clinical trials of our current or future product candidates, including the ongoing clinical trials of KT-474 and KT-621, may not necessarily be predictive of the results from required later preclinical studies and clinical trials. Similarly, even if we are able to complete our planned preclinical studies or clinical trials of our current or future product candidates according to our current development timeline, the positive results from such preclinical studies and/or clinical trials of our current or future product candidates, including KT-474, KT-621 and KT-295, may not be replicated in subsequent preclinical studies or clinical trials. In particular, while we have conducted certain preclinical studies of KT-621 and KT-295, we do not know whether either of these product candidates will perform in our planned clinical trials as it has performed in these prior preclinical studies. For example, in preclinical studies, (i) KT-621 demonstrated full inhibition of IL-4/IL-13 pathway in all relevant human cell contexts with picomolar potency that was superior to dupilumab, and equivalent or superior activity to dupilumab, and (ii) KT-295 demonstrated picomolar to nanomolar potencies across all relevant human cell types evaluated. However, there is no guarantee these preclinical results will be replicated in clinical trials. Many companies in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries have suffered significant setbacks in late-stage clinical trials after achieving positive results in early-stage development, and we cannot be certain that we will not face similar setbacks. These setbacks have been caused by, among other things, preclinical findings made while clinical trials were underway or safety or efficacy observations made in preclinical studies and clinical trials, including previously unreported adverse events. Moreover, preclinical and clinical data are often susceptible to varying interpretations and analyses, and many companies that believed their product candidates performed satisfactorily in preclinical studies and clinical trials nonetheless failed to obtain approval from the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authority. If we fail to produce positive results in our planned preclinical studies or clinical trials of any of our current or future product candidates, the development timeline and regulatory approval and commercialization prospects for our current or future product candidates, and, correspondingly, our business and financial prospects, would be materially adversely affected.

Additionally, our planned or future clinical trials may utilize an “open-label” trial design, such as the open-label patient portion of our completed Phase 1 clinical trial of KT-474. An “open-label” clinical trial is one where both the patient and investigator know whether the patient is receiving the investigational product candidate or either an existing approved drug or placebo. Most typically, open-label clinical trials test only the investigational product candidate and sometimes may do so at different dose levels. Open-label clinical trials are subject to various limitations that may exaggerate any therapeutic effect as patients in open-label clinical trials are aware when they are receiving treatment. Open-label clinical trials may be subject to a “patient bias” where patients perceive their symptoms to have improved merely due to their awareness of receiving an experimental treatment. In addition, open-label clinical trials may be subject to an “investigator bias” where those assessing and reviewing the physiological outcomes of the clinical trials are aware of which patients have received treatment and may interpret the information of the treated group more favorably given this knowledge. The results from an open-label trial, including our completed Phase 1 trial of KT-474, may not be predictive of future clinical trial results with any of our product candidates for which we include an open-label clinical trial when studied in a controlled environment with a placebo or active control.

The incidence and prevalence for target patient populations of our product candidates have not been established with precision. If the market opportunities for our product candidates are smaller than we estimate or if any approval that we obtain is based on a narrower definition of the patient population, our revenue and ability to achieve profitability will be adversely affected, possibly materially.

The precise incidence and prevalence for the indications being pursued by our current and future product candidates are currently unknown. Our projections of both the number of people who have these diseases, as well as the subset of people with these diseases who have the potential to benefit from treatment with our product candidates, are based on estimates. We are developing KT-474 for the treatment of a broad set of immunology-inflammation diseases, such as HS, an inflammatory skin disease, AD, and rheumatoid arthritis. We are developing KT-621 for a broad set of immunology indications, with potential indications to include AD, asthma, COPD, CRSwNP, EoE, PN and others. We are developing KT-295 for immunology indications, with such potential indications to include inflammatory bowel disease, or IBD, psoriasis, or PsO, psoriatic arthritis, or PsA, lupus and others. The total addressable market opportunity for our product candidates will ultimately depend upon, among other things, their proven safety and efficacy, the diagnosis criteria included in the final label for each, whether our product candidates are approved for sale for these indications, acceptance by the medical community and patient access, product pricing and reimbursement. The number of patients for our product candidates in the United States and elsewhere may turn out

41

to be lower than expected, patients may not be otherwise amenable to treatment with our products, or new patients may become increasingly difficult to identify or gain access to, all of which would adversely affect our results of operations and our business.

A pandemic, epidemic, or outbreak of an infectious disease may materially and adversely affect our business and our financial results and could cause a disruption to the development of our product candidates.

Public health crises such as pandemics or similar outbreaks could adversely impact our business. Infectious diseases may also affect research activities and employees of third-party CROs located in affected geographies that we rely upon to carry out our clinical trials. In addition, the patient populations that our lead and other core product candidates target may be particularly susceptible to infectious diseases or its variants, which may make it more difficult for us to identify patients able to enroll in our clinical trials and may impact the ability of enrolled patients to complete any such trials. Any negative impact that any future infectious disease spread has to patient enrollment or treatment, or the execution of our product candidates could cause costly delays to clinical trial activities, which could adversely affect our ability to obtain regulatory approval for and to commercialize our product candidates, increase our operating expenses, and have a material adverse effect on our financial results.

Additionally, timely enrollment in clinical trials is dependent upon clinical trial sites which will be adversely affected by global health matters, such as pandemics. Some factors from any public health crisis that may delay or otherwise adversely affect enrollment in the clinical trials of our product candidates, as well as our business generally, include:

•
the potential diversion of healthcare resources away from the conduct of clinical trials to focus on pandemic concerns, including the attention of physicians serving as our clinical trial investigators, hospitals serving as our clinical trial sites and hospital staff supporting the conduct of our prospective clinical trials; 

•
limitations on travel that could interrupt key trial and business activities, such as clinical trial site initiations and monitoring, domestic and international travel by employees, contractors or patients to clinical trial sites, including any government-imposed travel restrictions or quarantines that will impact the ability or willingness of patients, employees or contractors to travel to our clinical trial sites or secure visas or entry permissions, a loss of face-to-face meetings and other interactions with potential partners, any of which could delay or adversely impact the conduct or progress of our clinical trials; 

•
the potential negative affect on the operations of our third-party manufacturers and the supply chain for our product candidates.; 

•
interruptions in global shipping affecting the transport of clinical trial materials, such as patient samples, investigational drug product and conditioning drugs and other supplies used in our current and prospective clinical trials; and 

•
business disruptions caused by potential workplace, laboratory and office closures and an increased reliance on employees working from home, disruptions to or delays in ongoing laboratory experiments and operations, staffing shortages, travel limitations or mass transit disruptions, any of which could adversely impact our business operations or delay necessary interactions with local regulators, ethics committees and other important agencies and contractors. 

We cannot presently predict the scope and severity of additional planned and potential shutdowns or disruptions of businesses and government agencies, such as the SEC or FDA. Any of these factors, and other factors related to any such disruptions that are unforeseen, could have a material adverse effect on our business and our results of operations and financial condition. Further, uncertainty around these and related issues could lead to adverse effects on the economy of the United States and other economies, which could impact our ability to raise the necessary capital needed to develop and commercialize our product candidates. Other global health concerns could also result in social, economic, and labor instability in the countries in which we or the third parties with whom we engage operate.

Our current or future product candidates may cause adverse or other undesirable side effects that could delay or prevent their regulatory approval, limit the commercial profile of an approved label, or result in significant negative consequences following marketing approval, if any.

All of our product candidates are in preclinical or early clinical development, and there may be adverse effects from treatment with any of our current or future product candidates that we cannot predict at this time. Undesirable side effects caused by our current or future product candidates could cause us to interrupt, delay or halt preclinical studies or could cause us or regulatory authorities to interrupt, delay or halt clinical trials and could result in a more restrictive label or the delay or denial of regulatory approval by the FDA or other regulatory authorities. As is the case with many treatments for inflammatory

42

and autoimmune diseases, cancer or other diseases, it is likely that there may be adverse side effects associated with the use of our product candidates. Additionally, a potential risk in any protein degradation product is that healthy proteins or proteins not targeted for degradation will be degraded or that the degradation of the targeted protein in itself could cause adverse events, undesirable side effects, or unexpected characteristics. It is possible that healthy proteins or proteins not targeted for degradation could be degraded using our degrader molecules in any of our current or future clinical studies. There is also the potential risk of delayed adverse events following treatment using any of our current or future product candidates.

These side effects could arise due to off-target activity, allergic reactions in trial subjects, or unwanted on-target effects in the body. Results of our clinical trials could reveal a high and unacceptable severity and prevalence of these or other side effects. In such an event, our trials could be suspended or terminated, and the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities could order us to cease further development of or deny approval of our current or future product candidates for any or all targeted indications. The drug-related side effects could affect patient recruitment or the ability of enrolled patients to complete the trial or result in potential product liability claims. Any of these occurrences may harm our business, financial condition and prospects significantly.

Further, our current or future product candidates could cause undesirable side effects in clinical trials related to on-target toxicity. If on-target toxicity is observed, or if our current or future product candidates have characteristics that are unexpected, we may need to abandon their development or limit development to more narrow uses or subpopulations in which the undesirable side effects or other characteristics are less prevalent, less severe or more acceptable from a risk-benefit perspective. Many compounds that initially showed promise in early-stage testing for treating cancer or other diseases have later been found to cause side effects that prevented further development of the compound.

Further, clinical trials by their nature utilize a sample of the potential patient population. With a limited number of patients and limited duration of exposure, rare and severe side effects of our current or future product candidates may only be uncovered with a significantly larger number of patients exposed to the product candidate. If our current or future product candidates receive marketing approval and we or others identify undesirable side effects caused by such current or future product candidates after such approval, a number of potentially significant negative consequences could result, including:

•
regulatory authorities may withdraw or limit their approval of such current or future product candidates; 

•
regulatory authorities may require the addition of labeling statements, such as a “boxed” warning or a contraindication; 

•
we may be required to create a medication guide outlining the risks of such side effects for distribution to patients; 

•
we may be required to change the way such current or future product candidates are distributed or administered, conduct additional clinical trials or change the labeling of the current or future product candidates; 

•
regulatory authorities may require a REMS plan to mitigate risks, which could include medication guides, physician communication plans, or elements to assure safe use, such as restricted distribution methods, patient registries and other risk minimization tools; 

•
we may be subject to regulatory investigations and government enforcement actions; 

•
we may decide to remove such current or future product candidates from the marketplace; 

•
we could be sued and held liable for injury caused to individuals exposed to or taking our current or future product candidates; and 

•
our reputation may suffer. 

We believe that any of these events could prevent us from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of the affected product candidates and could substantially increase the costs of commercializing our current or future product candidates, if approved, and significantly impact our ability to successfully commercialize our current or future product candidates and generate revenues.

43

Manufacturing our current or future product candidates is complex and we may encounter difficulties in production. If we encounter such difficulties, our ability to provide supply of our current or future product candidates for preclinical studies and clinical trials or for commercial purposes could be delayed or stopped.

The process of manufacturing our current or future product candidates is complex and highly regulated. We do not have our own manufacturing facilities or personnel and currently rely, and expect to continue to rely, on third parties for the manufacture of our current or future product candidates. These third-party contract manufacturing organizations, or CMOs, may not be able to provide adequate resources or capacity to meet our needs and may incorporate their own proprietary processes into our product candidate manufacturing processes. We have limited control and oversight of a third party’s proprietary process, and a third party may elect to modify its process without our consent or knowledge. These modifications, such as any impacting the product formulation, could negatively impact our manufacturing, including by resulting in product loss or failure that requires additional manufacturing runs or a change in manufacturer, either of which could significantly increase the cost of and significantly delay the manufacture of our current or future product candidates. Changes in manufacturers often involve changes in manufacturing procedures and processes, which could require that we conduct bridging studies between our prior clinical supply used in our clinical trials and that of any new manufacturer. We may be unsuccessful in demonstrating the comparability of clinical supplies which could require the conduct of additional clinical trials.

Legislative proposals are pending that, if enacted, could negatively impact U.S. companies and institutions that accept U.S. funding for projects that utilize biotechnology equipment and services produced or provided by certain biotechnology providers having relationships with foreign adversaries and which pose a threat to national security. This includes proposed legislation currently pending in the U.S. Senate and House of Representatives. The potential downstream adverse impacts on entities having only commercial relationships with any impacted biotechnology providers is unknown but may include supply chain disruptions or delays. Though we do not currently receive U.S. government funding, we are currently evaluating steps to mitigate any potential impact of any future stricter legislation towards foreign entities providing services to U.S. based companies. Depending on the terms of the final legislation enacted, these steps could result in additional costs and potential delays in development timelines resulting from related transition efforts.

If any CMO with whom we contract fails to perform its obligations, we may be forced to enter into an agreement with a different CMO, which we may not be able to do on reasonable terms, if at all. This could significantly delay our clinical trials supply as we establish alternative supply sources. In some cases, the technical skills required to manufacture our product candidates or products, if approved, may be unique or proprietary to the original CMO and we may have difficulty, or there may be contractual restrictions prohibiting us from, transferring such skills to a back-up or alternate supplier, or we may be unable to transfer such skills at all. In addition, if we are required to change CMOs for any reason, we will be required to verify that the new CMO maintains facilities and procedures that comply with quality standards and with all applicable regulations. We will also need to verify, such as through a manufacturing comparability study, that any new manufacturing process will produce our product candidate according to the specifications previously submitted to the FDA or another regulatory authority. The delays associated with the verification of a new CMO could negatively affect our ability to develop product candidates or commercialize our products in a timely manner or within budget. Furthermore, a CMO may possess technology related to the manufacture of our product candidate that such CMO owns independently. This would increase our reliance on such CMO or require us to obtain a license from such CMO in order to have another CMO manufacture our product candidates. In addition, as our current or future product candidates progress through preclinical studies and clinical trials towards potential approval and commercialization, it is expected that various aspects of the manufacturing process will be altered in an effort to optimize processes and results. Such changes may require amendments to be made to regulatory applications which may further delay the timeframes under which modified manufacturing processes can be used for any of our current or future product candidates and additional bridging studies or trials may be required between our prior clinical supply used in our clinical trials and that of any new manufacturer. We may be unsuccessful in demonstrating the comparability of clinical supplies which could require the conduct of additional clinical trials. Any such delay could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and prospects.

Risks Related to Regulatory Approval

If we are not able to obtain, or if there are delays in obtaining, required regulatory approvals for our current or future product candidates, we will not be able to commercialize, or will be delayed in commercializing, our current or future product candidates, and our ability to generate revenue will be materially impaired.

Our current or future product candidates and the activities associated with their development and commercialization, including their design, testing, manufacture, safety, efficacy, recordkeeping, labeling, storage, approval, advertising, promotion, sale, distribution, import, and export, are subject to comprehensive regulation by the FDA and other regulatory agencies in the U.S. and by comparable authorities in other countries. Before we can commercialize any of our current and

44

future product candidates, we must obtain marketing approval from the regulatory authorities in the relevant jurisdictions. We have not received approval to market any of our current product candidates from regulatory authorities in any jurisdiction, and it is possible that none of our current product candidates, nor any product candidates we may seek to develop in the future, will ever obtain regulatory approval. As a company, we have only limited experience in filing and supporting the applications necessary to gain regulatory approvals and expect to rely on third-party CROs and/or regulatory consultants to assist us in this process. Securing regulatory approval requires the submission of extensive preclinical and clinical data and supporting information to the various regulatory authorities for each therapeutic indication to establish the product candidate’s safety and efficacy. Securing regulatory approval also requires the submission of information about the drug manufacturing process to, and inspection of manufacturing facilities and often clinical sites by, the relevant regulatory authority. Our current or future product candidates may not be effective, may be only moderately effective or may prove to have undesirable or unintended side effects, toxicities or other characteristics that may preclude our obtaining marketing approval or prevent or limit commercial use.

The process of obtaining regulatory approvals, both in the U.S. and abroad, is expensive, may take many years if additional clinical trials are required, if approval is obtained at all, and can vary substantially based upon a variety of factors, including the type, complexity and novelty of the product candidates involved. Changes in marketing approval policies during the development period, changes in or the enactment of additional statutes or regulations, or changes in regulatory review for each submitted NDA or equivalent application type outside the U.S., may cause delays in the approval or rejection of an application. The FDA and comparable authorities in other countries have substantial discretion in the approval process and may refuse to accept any application or may decide that our data are insufficient for approval and require additional preclinical, clinical or other studies. The U.S. Supreme Court’s decision in July 2024 to overturn established case law giving deference to regulatory agencies’ interpretations of ambiguous statutory language has introduced uncertainty regarding the extent to which FDA’s regulations, policies and decisions may become subject to increasing legal challenges, delays or changes. Our current or future product candidates could be delayed in receiving, or fail to receive, regulatory approval for many reasons, including the following:

•
the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree with the design or implementation of our clinical trials; 

•
we may be unable to demonstrate to the satisfaction of the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities that a product candidate is safe and effective for its proposed indication; 

•
the results of clinical trials may not meet the level of statistical significance required by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities for approval; 

•
we may be unable to demonstrate that a product candidate’s clinical and other benefits outweigh its safety risks; 

•
the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree with our interpretation of data from preclinical studies or clinical trials; 

•
the data collected from clinical trials of our current or future product candidates may not be sufficient to support the submission of an NDA or other submission or to obtain regulatory approval in the U.S. or elsewhere; 

•
the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may find deficiencies with or fail to approve the manufacturing processes or facilities of third-party manufacturers with which we contract for clinical and commercial supplies; and 

•
the approval policies or regulations of the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may significantly change in a manner rendering our clinical data insufficient for approval. 

With the change in presidential administrations in 2025, there is substantial uncertainty as to how, if at all, the new administration will seek to modify or revise the requirements and policies of the FDA and other regulatory agencies with jurisdiction over our product candidates. The impending uncertainty could present new challenges or potential opportunities as we navigate the clinical development and approval process for our product candidates.

Even if we were to obtain approval, regulatory authorities may approve any of our current or future product candidates for fewer or more limited indications than we request, may not approve the price we intend to charge for our drugs, may grant approval contingent on the performance of costly post-marketing clinical trials, or may approve a product candidate with a label that does not include the labeling claims necessary or desirable for the successful commercialization of that product candidate. Any of the foregoing scenarios could materially harm the commercial prospects for our current or future product candidates.

45

If we experience delays in obtaining approval or if we fail to obtain approval of our current or future product candidates, the commercial prospects for our current or future product candidates may be harmed and our ability to generate revenues will be materially impaired.

We may seek Breakthrough Therapy Designation and/or Fast Track Designation for any of our current or future product candidates. These designations, even if granted by the FDA, may not lead to a faster development, regulatory review or approval process, and such designations do not increase the likelihood that any of our product candidates will receive marketing approval in the United States.

A breakthrough therapy is defined as a drug that is intended, alone or in combination with one or more other drugs, to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition, and preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the drug may demonstrate substantial improvement over existing therapies on one or more clinically significant endpoints, such as substantial treatment effects observed early in clinical development. For drugs that have been designated as breakthrough therapies, interaction and communication between the FDA and the sponsor of the trial can help to identify the most efficient path for clinical development while minimizing the number of patients placed in ineffective control regimens. Drugs designated as breakthrough therapies by the FDA may also be eligible for priority review and accelerated approval. Designation as a breakthrough therapy is within the discretion of the FDA. Accordingly, even if we believe one of our current or future product candidates meets the criteria for designation as a breakthrough therapy, the FDA may disagree and instead determine not to make such designation. In any event, the receipt of a Breakthrough Therapy Designation for a current or future product candidate may not result in a faster development process, review or approval compared to therapies considered for approval under conventional FDA procedures and does not assure ultimate approval by the FDA. In addition, even if one or more of our current or future product candidates qualify as breakthrough therapies, the FDA may later decide that such product candidates no longer meet the conditions for qualification or decide that the time period for FDA review or approval will not be shortened.

If a drug is intended for the treatment of a serious or life-threatening condition and the drug demonstrates the potential to address unmet medical needs for this condition, the drug sponsor may apply for Fast Track Designation. The FDA has broad discretion whether or not to grant this designation, so even if we believe a particular current or future product candidate is eligible for this designation, we cannot assure you that the FDA would decide to grant it. Even if we do receive Fast Track Designation for certain current or future product candidates, we may not experience a faster development process, review or approval compared to conventional FDA procedures. The FDA may withdraw Fast Track Designation if it believes that the designation is no longer supported by data from our clinical development program. Fast Track Designation alone does not guarantee qualification for the FDA’s priority review procedures.

We or our collaborators may seek approval of KT-474, KT-621, KT-295, or any other future product candidate, where applicable, under the FDA’s accelerated approval pathway. This pathway may not lead to a faster development or regulatory review or approval process and it does not increase the likelihood that our product candidates will receive marketing approval.

We or our collaborators may seek accelerated approval of KT-474, KT-621, KT-295, or future product candidates. A product may be eligible for accelerated approval if it treats a serious or life-threatening condition and generally provides a meaningful advantage over available therapies. In addition, it must demonstrate an effect on a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit or on a clinical endpoint that can be measured earlier than irreversible morbidity or mortality, or IMM, that is reasonably likely to predict an effect on IMM or other clinical benefit. As a condition of accelerated approval, the FDA likely would require that we perform adequate and well-controlled post-marketing clinical trials, and under FDORA the FDA is now permitted to require, as appropriate, that such trials be underway prior to approval or within a specific time period after the date of approval for a product granted accelerated approval. FDORA also gives the FDA increased authority to withdraw approval of a drug or biologic granted accelerated approval on an expedited basis if the sponsor fails to conduct such studies in a timely manner, send the necessary updates to the FDA, or if such post-approval studies fail to verify the drug’s predicted clinical benefit. Under FDORA, the FDA is empowered to take action, such as issuing fines, against companies that fail to conduct with due diligence any post-approval confirmatory study or submit timely reports to the agency on their progress. In addition, the FDA currently requires, unless otherwise informed by the Agency, pre-approval of promotional materials for products receiving accelerated approval, which could adversely impact the timing of the commercial launch of the product. Thus, even if we seek to utilize the accelerated approval pathway, we may not be able to obtain accelerated approval and, even if we do, we may not experience a faster development, regulatory review or approval process for that product. In addition, receiving accelerated approval does not assure that the product’s accelerated approval will eventually be converted to a traditional approval.

46

We may seek Orphan Drug Designation for certain of our current or future product candidates, and we may be unsuccessful or may be unable to maintain the benefits associated with Orphan Drug Designation, including the potential for market exclusivity.

As part of our business strategy, we may seek Orphan Drug Designation for certain indications of our other current or future product candidates, and we may be unsuccessful. Regulatory authorities in some jurisdictions, including the U.S. and Europe, may designate drugs for relatively small patient populations as orphan drugs. Under the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may designate a drug as an orphan drug if it is a drug intended to treat a rare disease or condition, which is generally defined as a patient population of fewer than 200,000 individuals annually in the U.S., or a patient population greater than 200,000 in the U.S. where there is no reasonable expectation that the cost of developing the drug will be recovered from sales in the U.S. In the U.S., Orphan Drug Designation entitles a party to financial incentives such as opportunities for grant funding towards clinical trial costs, tax advantages and user-fee waivers.

The criteria for orphan designation in the European Union are similar in principle to the U.S. - see the section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K titled “Government Regulation of Drugs Outside of the United States” for additional information. In the European Union, orphan designation entitles a party to financial incentives such as reduction of fees or fee waivers.

Generally, if a product with an Orphan Drug Designation subsequently receives the first marketing approval for the indication for which it has such designation, the product is entitled to a period of marketing exclusivity, which precludes the FDA or the EMA from approving another marketing application for the same product and indication for that time period, except in limited circumstances. The applicable period is seven years in the U.S. and ten years in the European Union.

Even if we obtain Orphan Drug exclusivity for a product, that exclusivity may not effectively protect the product from competition because competing drugs containing a different active ingredient can be approved for the same condition. In addition, even after an orphan drug is approved, the FDA can subsequently approve the same drug for the same condition if the FDA concludes that the later drug is clinically superior in that it is shown to be safer, more effective or makes a major contribution to patient care.

Even if we receive regulatory approval for any of our current or future product candidates, we will be subject to ongoing obligations and continued regulatory review, which may result in significant additional expense. Additionally, our current or future product candidates, if approved, could be subject to labeling and other restrictions and market withdrawal and we may be subject to penalties if we fail to comply with regulatory requirements or experience unanticipated problems with our product candidates when and if any of them are approved.

If the FDA or a comparable foreign regulatory authority approves any of our current or future product candidates, the manufacturing processes, labeling, packaging, distribution, tracking and tracing, adverse event reporting, storage, advertising, promotion and recordkeeping for the drug will be subject to extensive and ongoing regulatory requirements. These requirements include submissions of safety and other post-marketing information and reports, registration requirements, and continued compliance with cGMPs and Good Clinical Practices, or GCPs, for any clinical trials that we conduct post-approval. For certain commercial prescription drug products, manufacturers and other parties involved in the supply chain must also meet chain of distribution requirements and build electronic, interoperable systems for product tracking and tracing and for notifying the FDA of counterfeit, diverted, stolen and intentionally adulterated products or other products that are otherwise unfit for distribution in the United States. Any regulatory approvals that we receive for our current or future product candidates may also be subject to limitations on the approved indicated uses for which the drug may be marketed or to the conditions of approval, or contain requirements for potentially costly post-marketing testing, including Phase 4 clinical trials, and surveillance to monitor the safety and efficacy of the drug. Additionally, under FDORA, sponsors of approved drugs and biologics must provide 6 months’ notice to the FDA of any changes in marketing status, such as the withdrawal of a drug, and failure to do so could result in the FDA placing the product on a list of discontinued products, which would revoke the product’s ability to be marketed. The FDA closely regulates the post-approval marketing and promotion of pharmaceutical and biological products to ensure such products are marketed only for the approved indications and in accordance with the provisions of the approved labeling. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with a drug, including adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or with our third-party manufacturers or manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may result in, among other things:

•
restrictions on the marketing or manufacturing of the drug, withdrawal of the drug from the market, or voluntary drug recalls; 

•
fines, warning letters or holds on clinical trials; 

47

•
refusal by the FDA to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications filed by us, or suspension or revocation of drug license approvals; 

•
drug seizure or detention, or refusal to permit the import or export of drugs; and 

•
injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. 

The FDA’s policies may change and additional government regulations may be enacted that could prevent, limit or delay regulatory approval of our current or future product candidates. If we are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we may lose any marketing approval that we may have obtained, which would adversely affect our business, prospects and ability to achieve or sustain profitability.

Inadequate funding for the FDA, the SEC and other government agencies, including from government shutdowns, or other disruptions to these agencies’ operations, could hinder their ability to hire and retain key leadership and other personnel, prevent new products and services from being developed or commercialized in a timely manner or otherwise prevent those agencies from performing normal business functions on which the operation of our business may rely, which could negatively impact our business.

Currently, federal agencies in the U.S. are operating under a continuing resolution that is set to expire on March 14, 2025. Without appropriation of additional funding to federal agencies, our business operations related to our product development activities for the U.S. market could be impacted. The ability of the FDA to review and approve new products can be affected by a variety of factors, including government budget and funding levels, the ability to hire and retain key personnel and accept the payment of user fees, and statutory, regulatory and policy changes. Average review times at the agency have fluctuated in recent years as a result. In addition, government funding of the SEC and other government agencies on which our operations may rely, including those that fund research and development activities, is subject to the political process, which is inherently fluid and unpredictable.

Disruptions at the FDA and other agencies may also slow the time necessary for new product candidates to be reviewed and/or approved by necessary government agencies, which would adversely affect our business. If a prolonged government shutdown occurs, it could significantly impact the ability of the FDA to timely review and process our regulatory submissions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Further, future government shutdowns could impact our ability to access the public markets and obtain necessary capital in order to properly capitalize and continue our operations.

Risks Related to Foreign Regulatory Approval and Foreign Markets

Even if we receive marketing approval for our current or future product candidates in the U.S., we may never receive regulatory approval to market our current or future product candidates outside of the U.S.

We plan to seek regulatory approval of our current or future product candidates outside of the U.S. In order to market any product outside of the U.S., however, we must establish and comply with the numerous and varying safety, efficacy and other regulatory requirements of other countries. Approval procedures vary among countries and can involve additional product candidate testing and additional administrative review periods. The time required to obtain approvals in other countries might differ substantially from that required to obtain FDA approval. The marketing approval processes in other countries generally implicate all of the risks detailed above regarding FDA approval in the U.S. as well as other risks. In particular, in many countries outside of the U.S., products must receive pricing and reimbursement approval before the product can be commercialized. Obtaining this approval can result in substantial delays in bringing products to market in such countries. Marketing approval in one country does not ensure marketing approval in another, but a failure or delay in obtaining marketing approval in one country may have a negative effect on the regulatory process in others. Failure to obtain marketing approval in other countries or any delay or other setback in obtaining such approval would impair our ability to market our current or future product candidates in such foreign markets. Any such impairment would reduce the size of our potential market, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and prospects.

Our future growth may depend, in part, on our ability to penetrate foreign markets, where we would be subject to additional regulatory burdens and other risks and uncertainties that could materially adversely affect our business.

We are not permitted to market or promote any of our current or future product candidates before we receive regulatory approval from the applicable regulatory authority in that foreign market, and we may never receive such regulatory approval

48

for any of our current or future product candidates. To obtain separate regulatory approval in many other countries we must comply with numerous and varying regulatory requirements of such countries regarding safety and efficacy and governing, among other things, clinical trials and commercial sales, pricing and distribution of our current or future product candidates, and we cannot predict success in these jurisdictions. If we obtain approval of our current or future product candidates and ultimately commercialize our current or future product candidates in foreign markets, we would be subject to additional risks and uncertainties, including:

•
differing regulatory requirements in foreign countries, such that obtaining regulatory approvals outside of the U.S. may take longer and be more costly than obtaining approval in the U.S.; 

•
our customers’ ability to obtain reimbursement for our current or future product candidates in foreign markets; 

•
the burden of complying with complex and changing foreign regulatory, tax, accounting and legal requirements; 

•
different medical practices and customs in foreign countries affecting acceptance in the marketplace; 

•
import or export licensing requirements; 

•
longer accounts receivable collection times; 

•
longer lead times for shipping; 

•
language barriers for technical training; 

•
reduced protection of intellectual property rights in some foreign countries; 

•
the existence of additional potentially relevant third-party intellectual property rights; 

•
economic weakness, including inflation, or political instability in particular foreign economies and markets; 

•
compliance with tax, employment, immigration and labor laws for employees living or traveling abroad; 

•
foreign taxes, including withholding of payroll taxes; 

•
foreign currency fluctuations, which could result in increased operating expenses and reduced revenue, and other obligations incident to doing business in another country; 

•
difficulties staffing and managing foreign operations; 

•
workforce uncertainty in countries where labor unrest is more common than in the U.S.; 

•
potential liability under the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 or comparable foreign regulations; 

•
the interpretation of contractual provisions governed by foreign laws in the event of a contract dispute; 

•
production shortages resulting from any events affecting raw material supply or manufacturing capabilities abroad; and 

•
business interruptions resulting from geo-political actions, including war and terrorism. 

Foreign sales of our current or future product candidates could also be adversely affected by the imposition of governmental controls, political and economic instability, trade restrictions and changes in tariffs (including tariffs that have been or may in the future be imposed by the United States or other countries).

We may in the future conduct clinical trials for current or future product candidates outside the U.S., and the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities may not accept data from such trials.

We may in the future choose to conduct one or more clinical trials outside the U.S., including in Europe and other geographies. The acceptance of study data from clinical trials conducted outside the U.S. or another jurisdiction by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authority may be subject to certain conditions or may not be accepted at all. In cases where data from foreign clinical trials are intended to serve as the basis for marketing approval in the U.S., the FDA will generally not approve the application on the basis of foreign data alone unless (i) the data are applicable to the U.S. population and U.S. medical practice, (ii) the trials were performed by clinical investigators of recognized competence and (iii) the data may be considered valid without the need for an on-site inspection by the FDA or, if the FDA considers such an inspection to be necessary, the FDA is able to validate the data through an on-site inspection or other appropriate means. Additionally, the FDA’s clinical trial requirements, including sufficient size of patient populations and statistical powering, must be met. Many foreign regulatory authorities have similar approval requirements. In addition, such foreign trials would be subject to the

49

applicable local laws of the foreign jurisdictions where the trials are conducted. There can be no assurance that the FDA or any comparable foreign regulatory authority will accept data from trials conducted outside of the U.S. or the applicable jurisdiction. If the FDA or any comparable foreign regulatory authority does not accept such data, it would result in the need for additional trials, which could be costly and time-consuming, and which may result in current or future product candidates that we may develop not receiving approval for commercialization in the applicable jurisdiction.

We are subject to certain U.S. and foreign anti-corruption, anti-money laundering, export control, sanctions, and other trade laws and regulations. We can face serious consequences for violations.

Among other matters, U.S. and foreign anti-corruption, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA), anti-money laundering, export control, sanctions, and other trade laws and regulations, which we collectively refer to as Trade Laws, prohibit companies and their employees, agents, clinical research organizations, legal counsel, accountants, consultants, contractors, and other partners from authorizing, promising, offering, providing, soliciting, or receiving directly or indirectly, corrupt or improper payments or anything else of value to or from recipients in the public or private sector. Anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws have been enforced aggressively in recent years and are interpreted broadly. Violations of Trade Laws can result in substantial criminal fines and civil penalties, imprisonment, the loss of trade privileges, debarment, tax reassessments, breach of contract and fraud litigation, reputational harm, and other consequences. As we increase our activities outside the United States, which may include increased interactions with officials and employees of government agencies or state-owned or -affiliated entities, our risks under these laws may increase. Noncompliance with these laws could subject us to investigations, sanctions, settlements, prosecution, other enforcement actions, disgorgement of profits, significant fines, damages, other civil and criminal penalties or injunctions, adverse media coverage, and other consequences. Any investigations, actions or sanctions could harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition. We have direct or indirect interactions with officials and employees of government agencies or government-affiliated hospitals, universities, and other organizations.

Governments outside the United States tend to impose strict price controls, which may adversely affect our revenues, if any.

In some countries, particularly in the European Union, the pricing of prescription pharmaceuticals is subject to governmental control. In these countries, pricing negotiations with governmental authorities can take considerable time after the receipt of marketing approval for a product. To obtain coverage and reimbursement or pricing approval in some countries, we may be required to conduct a clinical trial that compares the cost-effectiveness of our product candidate to other available therapies. In addition, many countries outside the U.S. have limited government support programs that provide for reimbursement of products such as our product candidates, with an emphasis on private payors for access to commercial products. If reimbursement of our product candidates is unavailable or limited in scope or amount, or if pricing is set at unsatisfactory levels, our business could be materially harmed.

Risks Related to Compliance with Healthcare and Other Regulations

Even if we are able to commercialize any current or future product candidates, such drugs may become subject to unfavorable pricing regulations or third-party coverage and reimbursement policies, which would harm our business.

The regulations that govern marketing approvals, pricing, coverage and reimbursement for new drug products vary widely from country to country. Current and future legislation may significantly change the approval requirements in ways that could involve additional costs and cause delays in obtaining approvals. Some countries require approval of the sale price of a drug before it can be marketed. In many countries, the pricing review period begins after marketing or product licensing approval is granted. In some foreign markets, prescription pharmaceutical pricing remains subject to continuing governmental control even after initial approval is granted. As a result, we might obtain marketing approval for a product in a particular country, but then be subject to price regulations that delay our commercial launch of the product, possibly for lengthy time periods, and negatively impact the revenues we are able to generate from the sale of the product in that country. Adverse pricing limitations may hinder our ability to recoup our investment in one or more product candidates, even if our product candidates obtain marketing approval. See the section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K entitled, “Business – Government Regulation – Other Healthcare Laws” and the section of this report entitled, “Business – Government Regulation – Current and Future Healthcare Reform Legislation” for more information.

Our ability to commercialize any product candidates successfully also will depend in part on the extent to which coverage and adequate reimbursement for these products and related treatments will be available from government health administration authorities, private health insurers and other organizations. Government authorities and third-party payors, such as private health insurers and health maintenance organizations, decide which medications they will pay for and establish reimbursement

50

levels. A primary trend in the U.S. healthcare industry and elsewhere is cost containment. Government authorities and third-party payors have attempted to control costs by limiting coverage and the amount of reimbursement for particular medications. Increasingly, third-party payors are requiring that drug companies provide them with predetermined discounts from list prices and are challenging the prices charged for medical products. Coverage and reimbursement may not be available for any product that we commercialize and, even if these are available, the level of reimbursement may not be satisfactory. Reimbursement may affect the demand for, or the price of, any product candidate for which we obtain marketing approval. Obtaining and maintaining adequate reimbursement for our products may be difficult. We may be required to conduct expensive pharmacoeconomic studies to justify coverage and reimbursement or the level of reimbursement relative to other therapies. If coverage and adequate reimbursement are not available or reimbursement is available only to limited levels, we may not be able to successfully commercialize any product candidate for which we obtain marketing approval. Coverage and reimbursement by a third-party payor may depend upon a number of factors, including the third-party payor’s determination that use of a product is:

•
a covered benefit under its health plan; 

•
safe, effective and medically necessary; 

•
appropriate for the specific patient; 

•
cost-effective; and 

•
neither experimental nor investigational. 

There may be significant delays in obtaining coverage and reimbursement for newly approved drugs, and coverage may be more limited than the purposes for which the drug is approved by the FDA or similar regulatory authorities outside of the United States.

Moreover, eligibility for coverage and reimbursement does not imply that a drug will be paid for in all cases or at a rate that covers our costs, including research, development, manufacture, sale and distribution expenses. Interim reimbursement levels for new drugs, if applicable, may also not be sufficient to cover our costs and may not be made permanent. Reimbursement rates may vary according to the use of the drug and the clinical setting in which it is used, may be based on reimbursement levels already set for lower cost drugs and may be incorporated into existing payments for other services. Net prices for drugs may be reduced by mandatory discounts or rebates required by government healthcare programs or private payors and by any future relaxation of laws that presently restrict imports of drugs from countries where they may be sold at lower prices than in the United States. Third-party payors often rely upon Medicare coverage policy and payment limitations in setting their own reimbursement policies. Our inability to promptly obtain coverage and adequate reimbursement rates from both government-funded and private payors for any approved products that we develop could have a material adverse effect on our operating results, our ability to raise capital needed to commercialize products and our overall financial condition.

There can be no assurance that our product candidates, even if they are approved for sale in the United States or in other countries, will be considered medically reasonable and necessary for a specific indication or cost-effective by third-party payors, or that coverage and an adequate level of reimbursement will be available or that third-party payors’ reimbursement policies will not adversely affect our ability to sell our product candidates profitably.

Finally, in some foreign countries, the proposed pricing for a product candidate must be approved before it may be lawfully marketed. The requirements governing product pricing vary widely from country to country. For example, in the EU pricing and reimbursement of pharmaceutical products are regulated at a national level under the individual EU Member States’ social security systems. Some foreign countries provide options to restrict the range of medicinal products for which their national health insurance systems provide reimbursement and can control the prices of medicinal products for human use. To obtain reimbursement or pricing approval, some of these countries may require the completion of clinical trials that compare the cost effectiveness of a particular product candidate to currently available therapies. A country may approve a specific price for the medicinal product or it may instead adopt a system of direct or indirect controls on the profitability of the company placing the medicinal product on the market. There can be no assurance that any country that has price controls or reimbursement limitations for products will allow favorable reimbursement and pricing arrangements for any of our product candidates. Even if approved for reimbursement, historically, product candidates launched in some foreign countries, such as some countries in the EU, do not follow price structures of the U.S. and prices generally tend to be significantly lower.

51

Current and future healthcare legislative reform measures may have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.

In the United States and some foreign jurisdictions, there have been a number of legislative and regulatory changes and proposed changes regarding the healthcare system that could prevent or delay marketing approval of our product candidates, restrict or regulate post-approval activities and affect our ability to profitably sell any product candidates for which we obtain marketing approval. The pharmaceutical industry has been a particular focus of these efforts and has been significantly affected by legislative initiatives. Current laws, as well as other healthcare reform measures that may be adopted in the future, may result in more rigorous coverage criteria and in additional downward pressure on the price that we receive for any FDA approved product. If reimbursement of our products is unavailable or limited in scope, our business could be materially harmed. See the section of this report entitled, “Business – Government Regulation – Current & Future Healthcare Reform Legislation” for more information.

The continuing efforts of the government, insurance companies, managed care organizations and other payers of healthcare services to contain or reduce costs of healthcare may adversely affect:

•
the demand for any of our product candidates, if approved;

•
the ability to set a price that we believe is fair for any of our product candidates, if approved;

•
our ability to generate revenues and achieve or maintain profitability;

•
the level of taxes that we are required to pay; and

•
the availability of capital.

We expect that these healthcare reforms, as well as other healthcare reform measures that may be adopted in the future, may result in additional reductions in Medicare and other healthcare funding, more rigorous coverage criteria, new payment methodologies and additional downward pressure on the price that we receive for any approved product and/or the level of reimbursement physicians receive for administering any approved product we might bring to market. Reductions in reimbursement levels may negatively impact the prices we receive or the frequency with which our products are prescribed or administered. Any reduction in reimbursement from Medicare or other government programs may result in a similar reduction in payments from private payors.

Our relationships with customers, health care providers, physicians, and third-party payors will be subject to applicable anti-kickback, fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations, which could expose us to criminal sanctions, civil penalties, exclusion from government healthcare programs, contractual damages, reputational harm and diminished future profits and earnings.

Healthcare providers, physicians and third-party payors will play a primary role in the recommendation and prescription of any current or future product candidates for which we obtain marketing approval. Our business operations and any current or future arrangements with third-party payors and customers may expose us to broadly applicable federal and state laws relating to fraud and abuse, as well as other healthcare laws and regulations. Pharmaceutical companies are subject to additional healthcare regulation and enforcement by the federal government and by authorities in the states and foreign jurisdictions in which they conduct their business that may constrain the financial arrangements and relationships through which we research, as well as sell, market and distribute any products for which we obtain marketing authorization. Such laws include, without limitation, state and federal anti-kickback, fraud and abuse, false claims, and transparency laws and regulations related to drug pricing and payments and other transfers of value made to physicians and other healthcare providers. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of such laws or any other governmental regulations that apply, we may be subject to penalties, including, without limitation, administrative, civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, the curtailment or restructuring of operations, integrity oversight and reporting obligations, exclusion from participation in federal and state healthcare programs and responsible individuals may be subject to imprisonment. These laws may impact, among other things, the business or financial arrangements and relationships through which we market, sell and distribute any current or future product candidates for which we obtain marketing approval. See the section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K titled “Business - Government Regulation - Other Regulatory Matters - Other Healthcare Laws” for additional information.

The scope and enforcement of each of these laws is uncertain and subject to rapid change in the current environment of healthcare reform, especially in light of the lack of applicable precedent and regulations. Federal and state enforcement bodies have recently increased their scrutiny of interactions between healthcare companies and healthcare providers, which has led to a number of investigations, prosecutions, convictions and settlements in the healthcare industry. Ensuring that our internal operations and future business arrangements with third parties comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations will

52

involve substantial costs. It is possible that governmental authorities will conclude that our business practices do not comply with current or future statutes, regulations or case law involving applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws and regulations. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of these laws or any other governmental regulations that may apply to us, we may be subject to significant civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings, imprisonment, exclusion from government funded healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, as well as additional reporting obligations and oversight if we become subject to a corporate integrity agreement or similar settlement to resolve allegations of non-compliance with these laws. Further, defending against any such actions can be costly and time consuming, and may require significant financial and personnel resources. Therefore, even if we are successful in defending against any such actions that may be brought against us, our business may be impaired. If any of the physicians or other providers or entities with whom we expect to do business are found to not be in compliance with applicable laws, they may be subject to criminal, civil or administrative sanctions, including exclusions from government funded healthcare programs and imprisonment. If any of the above occur, our ability to operate our business and our results of operations could be adversely affected. If any of the physicians or other healthcare providers or entities with whom we expect to do business is found to be not in compliance with applicable laws, they may be subject to similar actions, penalties, and sanctions.

The provision of benefits or advantages to physicians to induce or encourage the prescription, recommendation, endorsement, purchase, supply, order or use of medicinal products is also prohibited in the EU. The provision of benefits or advantages to physicians is governed by the national anti-bribery laws of EU Member States and the Bribery Act 2010 in the U.K.. Infringement of these laws could result in substantial fines and imprisonment. Payments made to physicians in certain EU Member States must be publicly disclosed. Moreover, agreements with physicians often must be the subject of prior notification and approval by the physician’s employer, his or her competent professional organization and/or the regulatory authorities of the individual EU Member States. These requirements are provided in the national laws, industry codes or professional codes of conduct, applicable in the EU Member States. Failure to comply with these requirements could result in reputational risk, public reprimands, administrative penalties, fines or imprisonment.

If we fail to comply with environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, we could become subject to fines or penalties or incur costs that could have a material adverse effect on the success of our business.

We are subject to numerous environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, including those governing laboratory procedures and the handling, use, storage, treatment and disposal of hazardous materials and wastes. Our operations involve the use of hazardous and flammable materials, including chemicals and biological and radioactive materials. Our operations also produce hazardous waste products. We generally contract with third parties for the disposal of these materials and wastes. We cannot eliminate the risk of contamination or injury from these materials. In the event of contamination or injury resulting from our use of hazardous materials, we could be held liable for any resulting damages, and any liability could exceed our resources. We also could incur significant costs associated with civil or criminal fines and penalties.

Although we maintain workers’ compensation insurance to cover us for costs and expenses we may incur due to injuries to our employees resulting from the use of hazardous materials, this insurance may not provide adequate coverage against potential liabilities. We do not maintain insurance for environmental liability or toxic tort claims that may be asserted against us in connection with our storage or disposal of biological, hazardous or radioactive materials. In addition, we may incur substantial costs in order to comply with current or future environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. Current or future environmental laws and regulations may impair our research, development and production efforts, which could harm our business, prospects, financial condition or results of operations.

Our employees, principal investigators, CROs and consultants may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including non-compliance with regulatory standards and requirements and insider trading laws.

We are exposed to the risk that our employees, principal investigators, CROs and consultants may engage in fraudulent conduct or other illegal activity. Misconduct by these parties could include intentional, reckless and/or negligent conduct or disclosure of unauthorized activities to us that violate the regulations of the FDA and other regulatory authorities, including those laws requiring the reporting of true, complete and accurate information to such authorities; healthcare fraud and abuse laws and regulations in the U.S. and abroad; or laws that require the reporting of financial information or data accurately. In particular, sales, marketing, patient support and business arrangements in the healthcare industry are subject to extensive laws and regulations intended to prevent fraud, misconduct, kickbacks, self-dealing and other abusive practices. These laws and regulations may restrict or prohibit a wide range of pricing, discounting, marketing and promotion, sales commission, customer incentive programs and other business arrangements. Other activities subject to these laws include the improper use of information obtained in the course of clinical trials or creating fraudulent data in our preclinical studies or clinical trials, which could result in regulatory sanctions and cause serious harm to our reputation. We have adopted a code of conduct applicable to

53

all of our employees, but it is not always possible to identify and deter misconduct by employees and other third parties, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to comply with these laws or regulations. Additionally, we are subject to the risk that a person could allege such fraud or other misconduct, even if none occurred. If any such actions are instituted against us, and we are not successful in defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could have a significant impact on our business, including the imposition of civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, monetary fines, possible exclusion from participation in Medicare, Medicaid and other federal healthcare programs, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings, and curtailment of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our results of operations.

Efforts to ensure that our business arrangements with third parties will comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations will involve substantial costs. Because of the breadth of these laws and the narrowness of the statutory exceptions and safe harbors available, it is possible that some of our business activities could be subject to challenge under one or more of such laws. It is possible that governmental authorities will conclude that our business practices may not comply with current or future statutes, regulations or case law involving applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws and regulations. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of these laws or any other governmental regulations that may apply to us, we may be subject to significant criminal, civil and administrative sanctions including monetary penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, individual imprisonment, reputational harm, exclusion from participation in government funded healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, additional reporting requirements and oversight if we become subject to a corporate integrity agreement or similar agreement to resolve allegations of non-compliance with these laws and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our results of operations.

The risk of our being found in violation of these laws is increased by the fact that many of them have not been fully interpreted by the regulatory authorities or the courts, and their provisions are open to a variety of interpretations. Any action against us for violation of these laws, even if we successfully defend against it, could cause us to incur significant legal expenses and divert our management’s attention from the operation of our business. The shifting compliance environment and the need to build and maintain robust and expandable systems to comply with multiple jurisdictions with different compliance and/or reporting requirements increases the possibility that a healthcare company may run afoul of one or more of the requirements.

Risks Related to Commercialization

Even if we receive marketing approval for our current or future product candidates, our current or future product candidates may not achieve broad market acceptance, which would limit the revenue that we generate from their sales.

The commercial success of our current or future product candidates, if approved by the FDA or other applicable regulatory authorities, will depend upon the awareness and acceptance of our current or future product candidates among the medical community, including physicians, patients and healthcare payors. Market acceptance of our current or future product candidates, if approved, will depend on a number of factors, including, among others:

•
the efficacy of our current or future product candidates as demonstrated in clinical trials, and, if required by any applicable regulatory authority in connection with the approval for the applicable indications, to provide patients with incremental health benefits, as compared with other available medicines; 

•
limitations or warnings contained in the labeling approved for our current or future product candidates by the FDA or other applicable regulatory authorities; 

•
the clinical indications for which our current or future product candidates are approved; 

•
availability of alternative treatments already approved or expected to be commercially launched in the near future; 

•
the potential and perceived advantages of our current or future product candidates over current treatment options or alternative treatments, including future alternative treatments; 

•
the willingness of the target patient population to try new therapies or treatment methods and of physicians to prescribe these therapies or methods; 

•
the need to dose such product candidates in combination with other therapeutic agents, and related costs; 

•
the strength of marketing and distribution support and timing of market introduction of competitive products; 

•
publicity concerning our products or competing products and treatments; 

54

•
pricing and cost effectiveness; 

•
the effectiveness of our sales and marketing strategies; 

•
our ability to increase awareness of our current or future product candidates; 

•
our ability to obtain sufficient third-party coverage or reimbursement; or 

•
the willingness of patients to pay out-of-pocket in the absence of third-party coverage. 

If our current or future product candidates are approved but do not achieve an adequate level of acceptance by patients, physicians and payors, we may not generate sufficient revenue from our current or future product candidates to become or remain profitable. Before granting reimbursement approval, healthcare payors may require us to demonstrate that our current or future product candidates, in addition to treating these target indications, also provide incremental health benefits to patients. Our efforts to educate the medical community, patient organizations and third-party payors about the benefits of our current or future product candidates may require significant resources and may never be successful.

We face substantial competition, which may result in others discovering, developing or commercializing drugs before or more successfully than we do.

The development and commercialization of new drugs is highly competitive. We face and will continue to face competition from third parties that use protein degradation, antibody therapy, inhibitory nucleic acid, gene editing or gene therapy development platforms and from companies focused on more traditional therapeutic modalities, such as small molecule inhibitors. Potential competitors also include academic institutions, government agencies and other public and private research organizations that conduct research, seek patent protection and establish collaborative arrangements for research, development, manufacturing and commercialization of new drugs.

Companies developing small molecule protein degraders therapies for patients, include, but are not limited to, Arvinas, Inc., C4 Therapeutics, Inc., Nurix Therapeutics, Inc., and Foghorn Therapeutics, Inc. Further, several large pharmaceutical companies have disclosed preclinical investments in this field. In particular, several pharmaceutical companies have announced partnerships around programs targeting STAT6, including Sanofi, Johnson & Johnson and Gilead Sciences, Inc. Our competitors will also include companies that are or will be developing other targeted protein degradation methods as well as small molecule, antibody, or gene therapies for the same indications that we are targeting. In addition to the competitors we face in developing small molecule protein degraders, we will also face competition in the indications we expect to pursue with our IRAK4, STAT6 and TYK2 programs. Many of these indications already have approved standards of care which may include more traditional therapeutic modalities. In order to compete effectively with these existing therapies, we will need to demonstrate that our protein degrader therapies are favorable to existing therapeutics.

Many of our current or future competitors have significantly greater financial resources and expertise in research and development, manufacturing, preclinical testing, conducting clinical trials, obtaining regulatory approvals and reimbursement and marketing approved drugs than we do. Mergers and acquisitions in the pharmaceutical, biotechnology and diagnostic industries may result in even more resources being concentrated among a smaller number of our competitors. Smaller or early-stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large and established companies. These competitors also compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific, sales, marketing and management personnel and establishing clinical trial sites and patient registration for clinical trials, as well as in acquiring technologies complementary to, or necessary for, our programs.

Our commercial opportunity could be reduced or eliminated if our competitors develop and commercialize drugs that are safer, more effective, have fewer or less severe side effects, are more convenient or are less expensive than any drugs that we or our collaborators may develop. Our competitors also may obtain FDA or other regulatory approval for their drugs more rapidly than we may obtain approval for ours, which could result in our competitors establishing a strong market position before we or our collaborators are able to enter the market. The key competitive factors affecting the success of all of our current or future product candidates, if approved, are likely to be their efficacy, safety, convenience, price, the level of generic competition and the availability of reimbursement from government and other third-party payors.

Product liability lawsuits against us could cause us to incur substantial liabilities and could limit commercialization of any current or future product candidates that we may develop.

We face an inherent risk of product liability exposure related to the testing of our current or future product candidates in human clinical trials and will face an even greater risk if we commercially sell any current or future product candidates that we

55

may develop. If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against claims that our current or future product candidates caused injuries, we could incur substantial liabilities. Regardless of merit or eventual outcome, liability claims may result in:

•
decreased demand for any current or future product candidates that we may develop; 

•
injury to our reputation and significant negative media attention; 

•
withdrawal of clinical trial participants; 

•
significant costs to defend the related litigation; 

•
substantial monetary awards to trial participants or patients; 

•
loss of revenue; and 

•
the inability to commercialize any current or future product candidates that we may develop. 

We anticipate that we will need to increase our insurance coverage when we begin later stage clinical trials and if we successfully commercialize any product candidate. Insurance coverage is increasingly expensive. We may not be able to maintain product liability insurance coverage at a reasonable cost or in an amount adequate to satisfy any liability that may arise.

If, in the future, we are unable to establish sales and marketing and patient support capabilities or enter into agreements with third parties to sell and market our current or future product candidates, we may not be successful in commercializing our current or future product candidates if and when they are approved, and we may not be able to generate any revenue.

We do not currently have a sales or marketing infrastructure and have no experience in the sales, marketing, patient support or distribution of drugs. To achieve commercial success for any approved product candidate for which we retain sales and marketing responsibilities, we must build our sales, marketing, patient support, managerial and other non-technical capabilities or make arrangements with third parties to perform these services. In the future, we may choose to build a focused sales and marketing infrastructure to sell, or participate in sales activities with our collaborators for, some of our current or future product candidates if and when they are approved.

There are risks involved with both establishing our own sales and marketing and patient support capabilities and entering into arrangements with third parties to perform these services. For example, recruiting and training a sales force is expensive and time consuming and could delay any drug launch. If the commercial launch of a product candidate for which we recruit a sales force and establish marketing capabilities is delayed or does not occur for any reason, we would have prematurely or unnecessarily incurred these commercialization expenses. This may be costly, and our investment would be lost if we cannot retain or reposition our sales and marketing personnel.

Factors that may inhibit our efforts to commercialize our current or future product candidates on our own include:

•
our inability to recruit and retain adequate numbers of effective sales and marketing personnel;

•
the inability of sales personnel to obtain access to physicians or persuade adequate numbers of physicians to prescribe any future drugs; 

•
the lack of complementary drugs to be offered by sales personnel, which may put us at a competitive disadvantage relative to companies with more extensive product lines; and 

•
unforeseen costs and expenses associated with creating an independent sales and marketing organization. 

If we enter into arrangements with third parties to perform sales, marketing, patient support and distribution services, our drug revenues or the profitability of these drug revenues to us are likely to be lower than if we were to market and sell any current or future product candidates that we develop ourselves. In addition, we may not be successful in entering into arrangements with third parties to sell and market our current or future product candidates or may be unable to do so on terms that are favorable to us. We likely will have little control over such third parties, and any of them may fail to devote the necessary resources and attention to sell and market our current or future product candidates effectively. If we do not establish sales and marketing capabilities successfully, either on our own or in collaboration with third parties, we will not be successful in commercializing our current or future product candidates. Further, our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects will be materially adversely affected.

56

Risks Related to Our Dependence on Third Parties

We rely, and expect to continue to rely, on third parties to conduct our ongoing and planned preclinical studies and clinical trials for our current and future product candidates. If these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties, comply with regulatory requirements or meet expected deadlines, we may not be able to obtain marketing approval for or commercialize our current and potential future product candidates and our business could be substantially harmed.

We utilize and depend upon independent investigators and collaborators, such as medical institutions, CROs, contract laboratories, contract manufacturing organizations and strategic partners to help conduct or otherwise support our preclinical studies and clinical trials for our current product candidates, and we expect to rely on such third parties for our future product candidates. We do not have the ability to independently conduct clinical trials. We rely heavily on external parties for execution of clinical trials for our product candidates and control only certain aspects of their activities. Nevertheless, we are responsible for ensuring that each of our clinical trials is conducted in accordance with the applicable protocol, legal and regulatory requirements and scientific standards, and our reliance on CROs will not relieve us of our regulatory responsibilities. For any violations of laws and regulations during the conduct of our preclinical studies or clinical trials, we could be subject to untitled and warning letters or enforcement action that may include civil penalties up to and including criminal prosecution.

We and any third parties that we contract with are required to comply with regulations and requirements, including GCP, for conducting, monitoring, recording and reporting the results of clinical trials to ensure that the data and results are scientifically credible and accurate, and that the trial patients are adequately informed of the potential risks of participating in clinical trials and their rights are protected. These regulations are enforced by the FDA, the Competent Authorities of the Member States of the European Economic Area and comparable foreign regulatory authorities for any drugs in clinical development. The FDA enforces GCP requirements through periodic inspections of clinical trial sponsors, principal investigators and trial sites. If we or the third parties we contract with fail to comply with applicable GCP, the clinical data generated in our clinical trials may be deemed unreliable and the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may require us to perform additional clinical trials before approving our marketing applications. We cannot assure you that, upon inspection, the FDA will determine that any of our clinical trials will comply with GCP. In addition, our clinical trials must be conducted with current or future product candidates produced under cGMP regulations. Our failure or the failure of third parties that we may contract with to comply with these regulations may require us to repeat some aspects of a specific, or an entire, clinical trial, which would delay the marketing approval process and could also subject us to enforcement action. We also are required to register certain ongoing clinical trials and provide certain information, including information relating to the trial’s protocol, on a government-sponsored database, ClinicalTrials.gov, within specific timeframes. Failure to do so can result in fines, adverse publicity and civil and criminal sanctions.

Although we designed the Phase 1 trials of KT-474 and KT-621 and intend to design other clinical trials for our current or future product candidates, or be involved in the design when other parties sponsor the trials, we anticipate that third parties will conduct all of our clinical trials. As a result, many important aspects of our clinical development, including their conduct and timing will be outside of our direct control. Our reliance on third parties to conduct clinical trials will also result in less direct control over the management of data developed through clinical trials than would be the case if we were relying entirely upon our own staff. Communicating with outside parties can also be challenging, potentially leading to mistakes as well as difficulties in coordinating activities. Outside parties may:

•
have staffing difficulties; 

•
fail to comply with contractual obligations; 

•
experience regulatory compliance issues; and 

•
form relationships with other entities, some of which may be our competitors. 

These factors may materially adversely affect the willingness or ability of third parties to conduct our clinical trials and may subject us to unexpected cost increases that are beyond our control. If our CROs do not perform clinical trials in a satisfactory manner, breach their obligations to us, fail to comply with regulatory requirements, or if they need to be replaced, any clinical trials such CROs are associated with may be extended, delayed or terminated, the development, marketing approval and commercialization of our current or future product candidates may be delayed, we may not be able to obtain marketing approval and commercialize our current or future product candidates, or our development programs may be materially and irreversibly harmed. If we are unable to rely on clinical data collected by our CROs, we could be required to repeat, extend the duration of, or increase the size of clinical trials we conduct and this could significantly delay commercialization and require significantly greater expenditures. If any of our relationships with these third-party CROs terminate, we may not be able to enter into arrangements with alternative CROs on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. If our CROs do not successfully

57

carry out their contractual duties or obligations or meet expected deadlines, if they need to be replaced or if the quality or accuracy of the clinical data they obtain are compromised due to the failure to adhere to our clinical protocols, regulatory requirements or for other reasons, any clinical trials such CROs are associated with may be extended, delayed or terminated, and we may not be able to obtain marketing approval for or successfully commercialize our current or future product candidates. As a result, we believe that our financial results and the commercial prospects for our current or future product candidates in the subject indication would be harmed, our costs could increase and our ability to generate revenue could be delayed.

The third parties upon whom we rely for the supply of the API, drug product, and starting materials used in our product candidates are limited in number, and the loss of any of these suppliers could significantly harm our business.

The drug substance and drug product in our product candidates are supplied to us from a small number of suppliers, and in some cases sole source suppliers. We rely on and expect to continue to rely on our suppliers to develop our current or future product candidates, and to ultimately supply our commercial drugs in quantities sufficient to meet the market demand. We do not currently have arrangements in place for a second-source supply of all drug product or drug substance. Any delays in the delivery of our drug substance, drug product or starting materials could have an adverse effect and potentially harm our business. For example, in February 2020, one of our vendors for API starting materials based in Wuhan, China ceased its operations for several weeks due to the COVID-19 pandemic, which caused a minor delay in the delivery of API starting materials to a separate vendor who manufactures API.

Regional or single-source dependencies may in some cases accentuate these risks. For example, the pharmaceutical industry generally and in some instances we or our collaborators or other third parties on which we rely on depend on China-based suppliers or services providers for certain raw materials, products and services and other activities. Our ability or the ability of our collaborators or such other third parties to continue to engage these China-based suppliers or service providers for certain preclinical research programs and clinical development programs could be restricted due to developments between the United States and China, including as a results of the escalation of tariffs or other trade restrictions or if the previously proposed federal legislation known as the BIOSECURE Act or a similar law were to be enacted.

Recently, there has been legislation proposed that, if enacted, could negatively impact U.S. companies and institutions that accept U.S. funding for projects that utilize biotechnology equipment and services produced or provided by certain biotechnology providers having relationships with foreign adversaries and which pose a threat to national security. The potential downstream adverse impacts on entities having only commercial relationships with any impacted biotechnology providers is unknown but may include supply chain disruptions or delays. Though we do not currently receive U.S. government funding, we are currently evaluating steps to mitigate any potential impact of any future stricter legislation towards foreign entities providing services to U.S. based companies. Depending on the terms of the final legislation enacted, these steps could result in additional costs and potential delays in development timelines resulting from related transition efforts For all of our current or future product candidates, we intend to identify and qualify additional manufacturers to provide such API, drug product and drug substance prior to submission of an NDA to the FDA and/or an MAA to the EMA. We are not certain, however, that our single-source and dual source suppliers will be able to meet our demand for their products. It may be difficult for us to assess their ability to timely meet our demand in the future based on past performance.

Establishing additional or replacement suppliers for the drug product and drug substance used in our current or future product candidates, if required, may not be accomplished quickly. If we are able to find a replacement supplier, such replacement supplier would need to be qualified and may require additional regulatory approval, which could result in further delay. While we seek to maintain adequate inventory of the drug product and drug substance used in our current or future product candidates, any interruption or delay in the supply of components or materials, or our inability to obtain such API, drug product and drug substance from alternate sources at acceptable prices in a timely manner, could impede, delay, limit or prevent our development efforts, which could harm our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects.

Our success is dependent on our executive management team’s ability to successfully pursue business development, strategic partnerships and investment opportunities as our company matures. We may also form or seek strategic alliances or acquisitions or enter into additional collaboration and licensing arrangements in the future, and we may not realize the benefits of such collaborations, alliances, acquisitions or licensing arrangements.

We have entered into a collaboration and licensing arrangement with Sanofi and may in the future form or seek strategic alliances or acquisitions, create joint ventures, or enter into additional collaboration and licensing arrangements with third parties that we believe will complement or augment our development and commercialization efforts with respect to our current product candidates and any future product candidates that we may develop. Any of these relationships may require us to incur non-recurring and other charges, increase our near and long-term expenditures, issue securities that dilute our existing stockholders or disrupt our management and business.

58

In addition, we face significant competition in seeking appropriate strategic partners and the negotiation process is time-consuming and complex. Moreover, we may not be successful in our efforts to establish a strategic partnership or acquisition or other alternative arrangements for our current or future product candidates because they may be deemed to be at too early of a stage of development for collaborative effort and third parties may not view our current or future product candidates as having the requisite potential to demonstrate safety, potency, purity and efficacy and obtain marketing approval.

Further, collaborations involving our technologies or current or future product candidates are subject to numerous risks, which may include the following:

•
collaborators have significant discretion in determining the efforts and resources that they will apply to a collaboration; 

•
collaborators may not pursue development and commercialization of our current or future product candidates or may elect not to continue or renew development or commercialization of our current or future product candidates based on clinical trial results, changes in their strategic focus due to the acquisition of competitive products, availability of funding or other external factors, such as a business combination that diverts resources or creates competing priorities; 

•
collaborators may delay clinical trials, provide insufficient funding for a clinical trial, stop a clinical trial, abandon a product candidate, repeat or conduct new clinical trials or require a new formulation of a product candidate for clinical testing; 

•
collaborators could independently develop, or develop with third parties, products that compete directly or indirectly with our current or future product candidates; 

•
a collaborator with marketing and distribution rights to one or more products may not commit sufficient resources to their marketing and distribution; 

•
collaborators may not properly maintain or defend our intellectual property rights or may use our intellectual property or proprietary information in a way that gives rise to actual or threatened litigation that could jeopardize or invalidate our intellectual property or proprietary information or expose us to potential liability; 

•
disputes may arise between us and a collaborator that cause the delay or termination of the research, development or commercialization of our current or future product candidates, or that result in costly litigation or arbitration that diverts management attention and resources; 

•
collaborations may be terminated and, if terminated, may result in a need for additional capital to pursue further development or commercialization of the applicable current or future product candidates; 

•
collaborators may own or co-own intellectual property covering our products that results from our collaborating with them, and in such cases, we would not have the exclusive right to commercialize such intellectual property; and 

•
collaborators may not pay milestones and royalties due to the company in a timely manner. 

As a result, we may not be able to realize the benefit of our existing collaboration and licensing arrangements or any future strategic partnerships or acquisitions, collaborations or license arrangements we may enter into if we are unable to successfully integrate them with our existing operations and company culture, which could delay our timelines or otherwise adversely affect our business. We also cannot be certain that, following a strategic transaction, license, collaboration or other business development partnership, we will achieve the revenue or specific net income that justifies such transaction. Any delays in entering into new collaborations or strategic partnership agreements related to our current or future product candidates could delay the development and commercialization of our current or future product candidates in certain geographies or for certain indications, which would harm our business prospects, financial condition and results of operations.

As discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, our collaboration partner, Sanofi, is conducting a randomized Phase 2 clinical trial evaluating KT-474 in HS and a second randomized Phase 2 trial in AD. Sanofi will have significant discretion in determining the efforts and resources that it will apply to advance those clinical trials. As a result of the factors noted above, we may not be able to realize the benefit of our existing collaboration and licensing arrangements or any future strategic partnerships or acquisitions, collaborations or license arrangements we may enter into, which could delay our timelines or otherwise adversely affect our business.

59

Our manufacturing process needs to comply with FDA regulations relating to the quality and reliability of such processes. Any failure to comply with relevant regulations could result in delays in or termination of our preclinical and clinical programs and suspension or withdrawal of any regulatory approvals.

In order to commercially produce our products either at our own facility or at a third party’s facility, we will need to comply with the FDA’s cGMP regulations and guidelines. We may encounter difficulties in achieving quality control and quality assurance and may experience shortages in qualified personnel. We are subject to inspections by the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities to confirm compliance with applicable regulatory requirements. Any failure to follow cGMP or other regulatory requirements or delay, interruption or other issues that arise in the manufacture, fill-finish, packaging, or storage of our product candidates as a result of a failure of our facilities or the facilities or operations of third parties to comply with regulatory requirements or pass any regulatory authority inspection could significantly impair our ability to develop and commercialize our current or future product candidates, including leading to significant delays in the availability of our product candidates for our clinical trials or the termination of or suspension of a clinical trial, or the delay or prevention of a filing or approval of marketing applications for our current or future product candidates. Significant non-compliance could also result in the imposition of sanctions, including warning or untitled letters, fines, injunctions, civil penalties, failure of regulatory authorities to grant marketing approvals for our current or future product candidates, delays, suspension or withdrawal of approvals, license revocation, seizures or recalls of products, operating restrictions and criminal prosecutions, any of which could damage our reputation and our business.

If our third-party manufacturers use hazardous and biological materials in a manner that causes injury or violates applicable law, we may be liable for damages.

Our research and development activities involve the controlled use of potentially hazardous substances, including chemical materials, by our third-party manufacturers. Our manufacturers are subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations in the U.S. governing the use, manufacture, storage, handling and disposal of medical and hazardous materials. Although we believe that our manufacturers’ procedures for using, handling, storing and disposing of these materials comply with legally prescribed standards, we cannot completely eliminate the risk of contamination or injury resulting from medical or hazardous materials. As a result of any such contamination or injury, we may incur liability or local, city, state or federal authorities may curtail the use of these materials and interrupt our business operations. In the event of an accident, we could be held liable for damages or penalized with fines, and the liability could exceed our resources. We do not have any insurance for liabilities arising from medical or hazardous materials. Compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations is expensive, and current or future environmental regulations may impair our research, development and production efforts, which could harm our business, prospects, financial condition or results of operations.

Risks Related to Intellectual Property

If we are unable to obtain and maintain patent and other intellectual property protection for our technology and product candidates or if the scope of the intellectual property protection obtained is not sufficiently broad, our competitors could develop and commercialize technology and drugs similar or identical to ours, and our ability to successfully commercialize our technology and drugs may be impaired, and we may not be able to compete effectively in our market.

Our commercial success depends in part on our ability to obtain and maintain patent or other intellectual property protection in the U.S. and other countries for our current or future product candidates and our core technologies, including our proprietary TPD expertise, our, STAT6, TYK2 and IRAK4 programs, which are our most advanced development programs, as well as our proprietary compound library, and other know-how. We seek to protect our proprietary and intellectual property position by, among other methods, filing patent applications in the U.S. and abroad related to our proprietary technology, inventions and improvements that are important to the development and implementation of our business. We also rely on trade secrets, know-how and continuing technological innovation to develop and maintain our proprietary and intellectual property position.

We own patent applications and patents related to our TPD technology and our novel bifunctional degrader compounds, including claims to compositions of matter, pharmaceutical compositions, methods of use, methods of treatment, and other related methods.

The patent position of biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies generally is highly uncertain, involves complex legal and factual questions and has in recent years been the subject of much litigation.

The degree of patent protection we require to successfully commercialize our current or future product candidates may be unavailable or severely limited in some cases and may not adequately protect our rights or permit us to gain or keep any

60

competitive advantage. We cannot provide any assurances that any of our pending patent applications that mature into issued patents will include claims with a scope sufficient to protect our TPD expertise and our current or future product candidates. In addition, if the breadth or strength of protection provided by our patent applications or any patents we may own or in-license is threatened, it could dissuade companies from collaborating with us to license, develop or commercialize current or future product candidates.

In addition, the laws of foreign countries may not protect our rights to the same extent as the laws of the U.S. For example, in jurisdictions outside the U.S., a license may not be enforceable unless all the owners of the intellectual property agree or consent to the license. Accordingly, any actual or purported co-owner of our patent rights could seek monetary or equitable relief requiring us to pay it compensation for, or refrain from, exploiting these patents due to such co-ownership. Furthermore, patents have a limited lifespan. In the U.S., and most other jurisdictions in which we have undertaken patent filings, the natural expiration of a patent is generally twenty years after it is filed, assuming all maintenance fees are paid. Various extensions may be available, on a jurisdiction-by-jurisdiction basis; however, the life of a patent, and thus the protection it affords, is limited. Given the amount of time required for the development, testing and regulatory review of new product candidates, patents protecting such candidates might expire before or shortly after such candidates are commercialized. As a result, patents we may own or in-license may not provide us with adequate and continuing patent protection sufficient to exclude others from commercializing drugs similar or identical to our current or future product candidates, including generic versions of such drugs. Other parties have developed technologies that may be related or competitive to our own, and such parties may have filed or may file patent applications, or may have received or may receive patents, claiming inventions that may overlap or conflict with those claimed in our own patent applications or issued patents, with respect to either the same compounds, methods, formulations or other subject matter, in either case that we may rely upon to dominate our patent position in the market. Publications of discoveries in the scientific literature often lag behind the actual discoveries, and patent applications in the U.S. and other jurisdictions are typically not published until at least 18 months after the earliest priority date of the patent filing, or in some cases not at all. Therefore, we cannot know with certainty whether we were the first to make the inventions claimed in patents we may own or in-license patents or pending patent applications, or that we were the first to file for patent protection of such inventions. As a result, the issuance, scope, validity, enforceability and commercial value of our patent rights cannot be predicted with any certainty.

In addition, the patent prosecution process is expensive and time-consuming, and we may not be able to file and prosecute all necessary or desirable patent applications at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner. Further, with respect to certain pending patent applications covering our current or future product candidates or technologies, prosecution has yet to commence. Patent prosecution is a lengthy process, during which the scope of the claims initially submitted for examination by the relevant patent office(s) may be significantly narrowed by the time they issue, if they ever do. It is also possible that we will fail to identify patentable aspects of our research and development output before it is too late to obtain patent protection. Moreover, in some circumstances, we may not have the right to control the preparation, filing and prosecution of patent applications, or to maintain the patents, covering technology that we license from or to third parties. Therefore, these patents and applications may not be prosecuted and enforced in a manner consistent with the best interests of our business.

Even if we acquire patent protection that we expect should enable us to establish and/or maintain a competitive advantage, third parties may challenge the validity, enforceability or scope thereof, which may result in such patents being narrowed, invalidated or held unenforceable. The issuance of a patent is not conclusive as to its inventorship, scope, validity or enforceability, and our patents may be challenged in the courts or patent offices in the U.S. and abroad. We may become involved in opposition, derivation, reexamination, inter partes review, or post-grant review proceedings challenging our patent rights or the patent rights of others from whom we may in the future obtain licenses to such rights, in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, or USPTO, the European Patent Office, or EPO, or in other countries. In addition, we may be subject to third-party submissions to the USPTO, the EPO, or elsewhere, that may reduce the scope or preclude the granting of claims from our pending patent applications. Competitors may challenge our issued patents or may file patent applications before we do. Competitors may also claim that we are infringing their patents and that we therefore cannot practice our technology as claimed under our patents or patent applications. Competitors may also contest our patents by showing an administrative patent authority or judge that the invention was not patent-eligible, was not novel, was obvious, and/or lacked inventive step, and/or that the patent application failed to meet relevant requirements relating to description, basis, enablement, and/or support; in litigation, a competitor could assert that our patents are not valid or are unenforceable for a number of reasons. If a court or administrative patent authority agrees, we would lose our protection of those challenged patents.

An adverse determination in any such submission or proceeding may result in loss of exclusivity or freedom to operate or in patent claims being narrowed, invalidated or held unenforceable, in whole or in part, which could limit our ability to stop others from using or commercializing similar or identical technology and drugs, without payment to us, or could limit the duration of the patent protection covering our technology and current or future product candidates. Such challenges may also result in our inability to manufacture or commercialize our current or future product candidates without infringing third-party

61

patent rights. In addition, if the breadth or strength of protection provided by our patents and patent applications is threatened, it could dissuade companies from collaborating with us to license, develop or commercialize current or future product candidates.

In addition, we may in the future be subject to claims by our former employees or consultants asserting an ownership right in our patents or patent applications, as a result of the work they performed on our behalf. Although we generally require all of our employees, consultants and advisors and any other third parties who have access to our proprietary know-how, information or technology to assign or grant similar rights to their inventions to us, we cannot be certain that we have executed such agreements with all parties who may have contributed to our intellectual property, nor can we be certain that our agreements with such parties will be upheld in the face of a potential challenge, or that they will not be breached, for which we may not have an adequate remedy.

Even if they are unchallenged, our issued patents and our pending patent applications, if issued, may not provide us with any meaningful protection or prevent competitors from designing around our patent claims to circumvent patents we may own or in-license by developing similar or alternative technologies or drugs in a non-infringing manner. For example, a third party may develop a competitive drug that provides benefits similar to one or more of our current or future product candidates but that has a different composition that falls outside the scope of our patent protection. If the patent protection provided by the patents and patent applications we hold or pursue with respect to our current or future product candidates is not sufficiently broad to impede such competition, our ability to successfully commercialize our current or future product candidates could be negatively affected, which would harm our business. Furthermore, even if we are able to issue patents with claims of valuable scope in one or more jurisdictions, we may not be able to secure such claims in all relevant jurisdictions, or in a sufficient number to meaningfully reduce competition. Our competitors may be able to develop and commercialize their products, including products identical to ours, in any jurisdiction in which we are unable to obtain, maintain, or enforce such patent claims.

We will not obtain patent or other intellectual property protection for all current or future product candidates in all jurisdictions throughout the world, and we may not be able to adequately enforce our intellectual property rights even in the jurisdictions where we seek protection.

We may not be able to pursue patent coverage of our current or future product candidates, our TPD expertise, or other technologies in all countries. Filing, prosecuting and defending patents on current or future product candidates, our TPD expertise, and other technologies in all countries throughout the world would be prohibitively expensive, and intellectual property rights in some countries outside the U.S. can be less extensive than those in the U.S. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as federal and state laws in the U.S. Consequently, we may not be able to prevent third parties from infringing on our inventions in all countries outside the U.S., or from selling or importing products made using our inventions in and into the U.S. or other jurisdictions. Competitors may use our technologies in jurisdictions where we have not obtained patent protection to develop their own products and further, may export otherwise infringing products to territories where we have patent protection, but where enforcement is not as strong as that in the U.S. These products may compete with our current or future product candidates and in jurisdictions where we do not have any issued patents our patent applications or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent them from competing. Much of our patent portfolio is at the very early stage. We will need to decide whether and in which jurisdictions to pursue protection for the various inventions in our portfolio prior to applicable deadlines. Many companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions. The legal systems of certain countries, particularly certain developing countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents, trade secrets and other intellectual property protection, particularly those relating to pharmaceutical products, which could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement of any patents we may own or in-license or marketing of competing products in violation of our proprietary rights generally. Proceedings to enforce any rights we may have in our patent applications or any patents we may own or in-license in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial costs and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business, could put any patents we may own or in-license at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly and our patent applications at risk of not issuing, and could provoke third parties to assert claims against us. We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate and the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may not be commercially meaningful. Accordingly, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights around the world may be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial advantage from the intellectual property that we develop or license.

Many countries have compulsory licensing laws under which a patent owner may be compelled to grant licenses to third parties. In addition, many countries limit the enforceability of patents against government agencies or government contractors. In these countries, the patent owner may have limited remedies, which could materially diminish the value of such patent. If we are forced to grant a license to third parties with respect to any patents we may own or license that are relevant to our

62

business, our competitive position may be impaired, and our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects may be adversely affected.

We may not obtain or grant licenses or sublicenses to intellectual property rights in all markets on equally or sufficiently favorable terms with third parties.

It may be necessary for us to use the patented or proprietary technology of third parties to commercialize our products, in which case we would be required to obtain a license from these third parties. The licensing of third-party intellectual property rights is a competitive area, and more established companies may pursue strategies to license or acquire third-party intellectual property rights that we may consider attractive or necessary. More established companies may have a competitive advantage over us due to their size, capital resources and greater clinical development and commercialization capabilities. In addition, companies that perceive us to be a competitor may be unwilling to assign or license rights to us. We also may be unable to license or acquire third-party intellectual property rights on terms that would allow us to make an appropriate return on our investment or at all. If we are unable to license such technology, or if we are forced to license such technology on unfavorable terms, our business could be materially harmed. If we are unable to obtain a necessary license, we may be unable to develop or commercialize the affected current or future product candidates, which could materially harm our business, and the third parties owning such intellectual property rights could seek either an injunction prohibiting our sales, or, with respect to our sales, an obligation on our part to pay royalties or other forms of compensation. Even if we are able to obtain a license, it may be non-exclusive, thereby giving our competitors access to the same technologies licensed to us. Any of the foregoing could harm our competitive position, business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.

If we fail to comply with our obligations in our current or any future agreements under which we may license intellectual property rights from third parties or otherwise experience disruptions to our business relationships with our licensors, we could lose license rights that are important to our business.

We are dependent on patents, know-how and proprietary technology, both our own and in-licensed from Sanofi and other collaborators. Our commercial success depends upon our ability to develop, manufacture, market and sell our current or future product candidates and use our and our licensors’ proprietary technologies without infringing the proprietary rights of third parties. Sanofi and other collaborators may have the right to terminate their respective license agreements in full in the event that we materially breach or default in the performance of any of the obligations under such license agreements. Any termination of these licenses, or if the underlying patents fail to provide the intended exclusivity, could result in the loss of significant rights and could harm our ability to commercialize our current or future product candidates, our TPD expertise, competitors or other third parties would have the freedom to seek regulatory approval of, and to market, products identical to ours, and we may be required to cease our development and commercialization of certain of our current or future product candidates. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, business, financial conditions, results of operations, and prospects.

Disputes may also arise between us and our current or future licensors regarding intellectual property subject to a license agreement, including:

•
the scope of rights granted under the license agreement and other interpretation-related issues; 

•
whether and the extent to which our technology and processes infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate intellectual property rights of the licensor that are not subject to the licensing agreement; 

•
our right to sublicense patent and other rights to third parties under collaborative development relationships; 

•
our diligence obligations with respect to the use of the licensed technology in relation to our development and commercialization of our current or future product candidates, and what activities satisfy those diligence obligations; 

•
the priority of invention of any patented technology; and 

•
the ownership of inventions and know-how resulting from the joint creation or use of intellectual property by our current or future licensors and us and our partners. 

In addition, the agreements under which we may license intellectual property or technology from third parties are likely to be complex, and certain provisions in such agreements may be susceptible to multiple interpretations. The resolution of any contract interpretation disagreement that may arise could narrow what we believe to be the scope of our rights to the relevant intellectual property or technology, or increase what we believe to be our financial or other obligations under the relevant agreement, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and

63

prospects. Moreover, if disputes over intellectual property that we may license prevent or impair our ability to maintain current or future licensing arrangements on acceptable terms, we may be unable to successfully develop and commercialize the affected current or future product candidates or technologies, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial conditions, results of operations and prospects.

Intellectual property rights do not guarantee commercial success of current or future product candidates or other business activities. Numerous factors may limit any potential competitive advantage provided by our intellectual property rights.

The degree of future protection afforded by our intellectual property rights, whether owned or in-licensed, is uncertain because intellectual property rights have limitations, and may not adequately protect our business, provide a barrier to entry against our competitors or potential competitors, or permit us to maintain our competitive advantage. Moreover, if a third party has intellectual property rights that cover the practice of our technology, we may not be able to fully exercise or extract value from our intellectual property rights. The following examples are illustrative:

•
patent applications that we own or may in-license may not lead to issued patents; 

•
patents, should they issue, that we may own or in-license, may not provide us with any competitive advantages, may be narrowed in scope, or may be challenged and held invalid or unenforceable; 

•
others may be able to develop and/or practice technology, including compounds that are similar to the chemical compositions of our current or future product candidates, that is similar to our technology or aspects of our technology but that is not covered by the claims of any patents we may own or in-license, should any patents issue; 

•
third parties may compete with us in jurisdictions where we do not pursue and obtain patent protection; 

•
we, or our future licensors or collaborators, might not have been the first to make the inventions covered by a patent application that we own or may in-license; 

•
we, or our future licensors or collaborators, might not have been the first to file patent applications covering a particular invention; 

•
others may independently develop similar or alternative technologies without infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating our intellectual property rights; 

•
our competitors might conduct research and development activities in the U.S. and other countries that provide a safe harbor from patent infringement claims for certain research and development activities, as well as in countries where we do not have patent rights, and may then use the information learned from such activities to develop competitive products for sale in our major commercial markets; 

•
we may not be able to obtain and/or maintain necessary licenses on reasonable terms or at all; 

•
third parties may assert an ownership interest in our intellectual property and, if successful, such disputes may preclude us from exercising exclusive rights, or any rights at all, over that intellectual property; 

•
we may choose not to file a patent in order to maintain certain trade secrets or know-how, and a third party may subsequently file a patent covering such trade secrets or know-how; 

•
we may not be able to maintain the confidentiality of our trade secrets or other proprietary information; 

•
we may not develop or in-license additional proprietary technologies that are patentable; and 

•
the patents of others may have an adverse effect on our business. 

Should any of these events occur, they could significantly harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.

Risks Related to Patent Protection

Obtaining and maintaining our patent protection, including patent term, depends on compliance with various procedural, document submission, deadlines, fee payment and other requirements imposed by governmental patent agencies, and our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated if we miss a filing deadline for patent protection on these inventions or otherwise fail to comply with these requirements.

The USPTO and foreign governmental patent agencies require compliance with a number of procedural, documentary, fee payment and other similar provisions during the patent application process and after issuance of any patent. In addition,

64

periodic maintenance fees, renewal fees, annuity fees and/or various other government fees are required to be paid periodically. While an inadvertent lapse can in some cases be cured by payment of a late fee or by other means in accordance with the applicable rules, there are situations in which noncompliance can result in abandonment or lapse of the patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. Noncompliance events that could result in abandonment or lapse of a patent include, but are not limited to, failure to respond to official actions within prescribed time limits, non-payment of fees and failure to properly legalize and submit formal documents. In such an event, our competitors might be able to enter the market with similar or identical products or platforms, which could have a material adverse effect on our business prospects and financial condition.

Depending upon the timing, duration and specifics of FDA marketing approval of our current or future product candidates, one or more of the U.S. patents we own or license may be eligible for limited patent term restoration under the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984, referred to as the Hatch-Waxman Amendments. The Hatch-Waxman Amendments permit a patent restoration term of up to five years as compensation for patent term lost during product development and the FDA regulatory review process. Different laws govern the extension of patents on approved pharmaceutical products in Europe and other jurisdictions. However, we may not be granted a patent extension because of, for example, failing to exercise due diligence during the testing phase or regulatory review process, failing to apply within applicable deadlines, failing to apply prior to expiration of relevant patents or otherwise failing to satisfy applicable requirements. For example, we may not be granted an extension in the U.S. if all of our patents covering an approved product expire more than fourteen years from the date of NDA approval for a product covered by those patents. Moreover, the applicable time period or the scope of patent protection afforded could be less than we request. If we are unable to obtain patent term extension or restoration or the term of any such extension is less than we request, our competitors may obtain approval of competing products following our patent expiration, and our ability to generate revenues could be materially adversely affected.

Changes in patent law could diminish the value of patents in general, thereby impairing our ability to protect our current or future product candidates.

As is the case with other biopharmaceutical companies, our success is heavily dependent on intellectual property, particularly patents. Obtaining and enforcing patents in the biopharmaceutical industry involve both technological and legal complexity and are therefore costly, time consuming and inherently uncertain.

The U.S. Supreme Court has ruled on several patent cases in recent years, either narrowing the scope of patent protection available in certain circumstances or weakening the rights of patent owners in certain situations. Additionally, there have been recent proposals for additional changes to the patent laws of the U.S. and other countries that, if adopted, could impact our ability to obtain patent protection for our proprietary technology or our ability to enforce our proprietary technology. Depending on future actions by the U.S. Congress, the U.S. courts, the USPTO and the relevant law-making bodies in other countries, the laws and regulations governing patents could change in unpredictable ways that would weaken our ability to obtain new patents or to enforce our existing patents and patents that we might obtain in the future.

Risks Related to Our Trademarks, Trade Names and Trade Secrets

If our trademarks for our products or company name are not adequately protected in one or more countries where we intend to market our products, we may delay the launch of product brand names, use different or less effective trademarks or tradenames in different countries, or face other potentially adverse consequences or impediments to building our product brand recognition.

Our trademarks or trade name may be challenged, infringed, diluted, circumvented, declared generic, or determined to be infringing on other marks. In such a circumstance, we may not be able to protect our rights to these marks or may be forced to stop using product names, which we need for name recognition by potential partners and customers in our markets of interest.

In addition, during the trademark registration process, we may receive Office Actions from the USPTO or from comparable agencies in foreign jurisdictions refusing registration of our trademarks.

In the USPTO and in comparable agencies in many foreign jurisdictions, third parties are also given an opportunity to oppose pending trademark applications and/or to seek the cancellation of registered trademarks. For example, in November 2019, Novartis AG filed actions in the U.S. and European Union trademark offices opposing our applications to register KYMERA and KYMERA THERAPEUTICS for pharmaceuticals and drug development services on the basis of its claimed rights in the KYMRIAH mark. This dispute was amicably settled in October 2020 and the involved applications for KYMERA

65

and KYMERA THERAPEUTICS are now registered or allowed in the United States and have proceeded to registration in the European Union.

If we are unable to adequately protect and enforce our trade secrets, our business and competitive position would be harmed.

In addition to the protection afforded by patents we may own or in-license, we seek to rely on trade secret protection, confidentiality agreements, and license agreements to protect proprietary know-how that may not be patentable, processes for which patents are difficult to enforce and any other elements of our product discovery and development processes that involve proprietary know-how, information, or technology that may not be covered by patents. Although we require all of our employees, consultants, advisors and any third parties who have access to our proprietary know-how, information, or technology to enter into confidentiality agreements, trade secrets can be difficult to protect and we have limited control over the protection of trade secrets used by our collaborators and suppliers. We cannot be certain that we have or will obtain these agreements in all circumstances and we cannot guarantee that we have entered into such agreements with each party that may have or have had access to our trade secrets or proprietary information.

Moreover, any of these parties might breach the agreements and intentionally or inadvertently disclose our trade secret information and we may not be able to obtain adequate remedies for such breaches. In addition, competitors may otherwise gain access to our trade secrets or independently develop substantially equivalent information and techniques. Enforcing a claim that a party illegally disclosed or misappropriated a trade secret is difficult, expensive and time-consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. If we choose to go to court to stop a third party from using any of our trade secrets, we may incur substantial costs. These lawsuits may consume our time and other resources even if we are successful. Furthermore, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect proprietary rights and trade secrets to the same extent or in the same manner as the laws of the U.S. As a result, we may encounter significant problems in protecting and defending our intellectual property both in the U.S. and abroad. If we are unable to prevent unauthorized material disclosure of our intellectual property to third parties, we will not be able to establish or maintain a competitive advantage in our market, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects.

In the case of employees, we enter into agreements providing that all inventions conceived by the individual, and which are related to our current or planned business or research and development or made during normal working hours, on our premises or using our equipment or proprietary information, are our exclusive property. Although we require all of our employees to assign their inventions to us, we may be unsuccessful in executing such an agreement with each party who, in fact, conceives or develops intellectual property that we regard as our own. The assignment of intellectual property rights may not be self-executing, or the assignment agreements may be breached, and we may be forced to bring claims against third parties, or defend claims that they may bring against us, to determine the ownership of what we regard as our intellectual property. Such claims could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects.

Risks Related to Intellectual Property Litigation and Infringement Claims

We may initiate, become a defendant in, or otherwise become party to lawsuits to protect or enforce our intellectual property rights, which could be expensive, time-consuming and unsuccessful.

Competitors may infringe any intellectual property we may own or in-license, including our patents and trademarks. In addition, any intellectual property we may own or in-license also may become the subject of a dispute, including those based on inventorship, priority, validity or unenforceability. To counter infringement or unauthorized use, we may be required to file infringement claims, which can be expensive and time-consuming. We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate, and the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may not be commercially meaningful. In addition, in an infringement proceeding, a court may decide that any intellectual property we may own or in-license is not valid or is unenforceable or that the other party’s use of our technology that may be patented falls under the safe harbor to patent infringement under 35 U.S.C. §271(e)(1). There is also the risk that, even if the validity of these patents is upheld, the court may refuse to stop the other party from using the technology at issue on the grounds that any patents we may own or in-license do not cover the technology in question or that such third party’s activities do not infringe our patent applications or any patents we may own or in-license. An adverse result in any litigation or defense proceedings could put one or more of any patents or other intellectual property we may own or in-license at risk of being invalidated, held unenforceable, or interpreted narrowly and could put our own applications at risk of not issuing. Such litigation or proceedings could substantially increase our operating losses and reduce the resources available for development activities or any future sales, marketing, patient support or distribution activities. We may not have sufficient financial or other resources to conduct such litigation or proceedings adequately. Some of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of such litigation or proceedings more effectively than we can because of their greater financial resources and more mature and developed intellectual property portfolios. Uncertainties resulting from the initiation and

66

continuation of patent litigation or other proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our ability to compete in the marketplace.

Post-grant proceedings provoked by third parties or brought by the USPTO may be necessary to determine the validity or priority of inventions with respect to our patent applications or any patents we may own or in-license. These proceedings are expensive and an unfavorable outcome could result in a loss of our current patent rights and could require us to cease using the related technology or to attempt to license rights to it from the prevailing party. Our business could be harmed if the prevailing party does not offer us a license on commercially reasonable terms. In addition to potential USPTO post-grant proceedings, we may become a party to patent opposition proceedings in the EPO, or similar proceedings in other foreign patent offices or courts where our patents may be challenged. The costs of these proceedings could be substantial, and may result in a loss of scope of some claims or a loss of the entire patent. An unfavorable result in a post-grant challenge proceeding may result in the loss of our right to exclude others from practicing one or more of our inventions in the relevant country or jurisdiction, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Litigation or post-grant proceedings within patent offices may result in a decision adverse to our interests and, even if we are successful, may result in substantial costs and distract our management and other employees. We may not be able to prevent misappropriation of our trade secrets or confidential information, particularly in countries where the laws may not protect those rights as fully as in the U.S.

Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation. In addition, there could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments. If securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a substantial adverse effect on the price of our common stock.

We may not be able to detect infringement against any intellectual property we may own or in-license. Even if we detect infringement by a third party of any intellectual property we may own or in-license, we may choose not to pursue litigation against or settlement with the third party. If we later sue such third party for infringement, the third party may have certain legal defenses available to it, which otherwise would not be available except for the delay between when the infringement was first detected and when the suit was brought. Such legal defenses may make it impossible for us to enforce any patents or other intellectual property we may own or in-license against such third party.

Intellectual property litigation and administrative office challenges in one or more countries could cause us to spend substantial resources and distract our personnel from their normal responsibilities. Even if resolved in our favor, litigation or other legal proceedings relating to intellectual property claims may cause us to incur significant expenses, and could distract our technical and management personnel from their normal responsibilities. In August 2021, we initiated a US patent office proceeding, a post-grant review, to challenge a third-party patent unrelated to our current product candidates. In response, the owner of the challenged third-party patent disclaimed that patent in full. We may challenge additional third-party patents in the future. In addition, there could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments and if securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a substantial adverse effect on the price of our common stock. Such litigation or proceedings could substantially increase our operating losses and reduce the resources available for development activities or any future sales, marketing, patient support or distribution activities. We may not have sufficient financial or other resources to conduct such litigation or proceedings adequately. As noted above, some of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of such litigation or proceedings more effectively than we can because of their greater financial resources. Uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of patent litigation or other proceedings could compromise our ability to compete in the marketplace, including compromising our ability to raise the funds necessary to continue our preclinical studies and future clinical trials, continue our research programs, license necessary technology from third parties, or enter into development collaborations that would help us commercialize our current or future product candidates, if approved. Any of the foregoing events would harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.

We may be subject to damages or settlement costs resulting from claims that we or our employees have violated the intellectual property rights of third parties, or are in breach of our agreements. We may be accused of, allege or otherwise become party to lawsuits or disputes alleging wrongful disclosure of third-party confidential information by us or by another party, including current or former employees, contractors or consultants. In addition to diverting attention and resources, such disputes could adversely impact our business reputation and/or protection of our proprietary technology.

The intellectual property landscape relevant to our product candidates and programs is crowded, and third parties may initiate legal proceedings alleging that we are infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating their intellectual property rights, the outcome of which would be uncertain and could have a material adverse effect on the success of our business. Our commercial success depends upon our ability to develop, manufacture, market and sell our current and future product candidates

67

and use our proprietary technologies without infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating the intellectual property rights of third parties. There is a substantial amount of litigation involving patents and other intellectual property rights in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries, as well as administrative proceedings for challenging patents, including derivation, interference, reexamination, inter partes review and post grant review proceedings before the USPTO or oppositions and other comparable proceedings in foreign jurisdictions. We or any of our current or future licensors or strategic partners may be party to, exposed to, or threatened with, future adversarial proceedings or litigation by third parties having patent or other intellectual property rights alleging that our current or future product candidates and/or proprietary technologies infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate their intellectual property rights. We cannot assure you that our current or future product candidates, our TPD expertise, and other technologies that we have developed, are developing or may develop in the future do not or will not infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate existing or future patents or other intellectual property rights owned by third parties. For example, many of our employees were previously employed at other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies. Although we try to ensure that our employees, consultants and advisors do not use the proprietary information or know-how of others in their work for us, we may be subject to claims that we or these individuals have used or disclosed intellectual property, including trade secrets or other proprietary information, of any such individual’s former employer. We may also be subject to claims that patents and applications we have filed to protect inventions of our employees, consultants and advisors, even those related to one or more of our current or future product candidates, our TPD expertise, or other technologies, are rightfully owned by their former or concurrent employer. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims.

While certain activities related to development and preclinical and clinical testing of our current or future product candidates may be subject to safe harbor of patent infringement under 35 U.S.C. §271(e)(1), upon receiving FDA approval for such candidates we or any of our future licensors or strategic partners may immediately become party to, exposed to, or threatened with, future adversarial proceedings or litigation by third parties having patent or other intellectual property rights alleging that such product candidates infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate their intellectual property rights. Numerous U.S. and foreign issued patents and pending patent applications, which are owned by third parties, exist in the fields in which we are developing our current or future product candidates. As the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries expand and more patents are issued, the risk increases that our current or future product candidates may give rise to claims of infringement of the patent rights of others. Moreover, it is not always clear to industry participants, including us, which patents cover various types of drugs, products or their methods of use or manufacture. Thus, because of the large number of patents issued and patent applications filed in our fields, there may be a risk that third parties may allege they have patent rights encompassing our current or future product candidates, technologies or methods.

If a third party claims that we infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate its intellectual property rights, we may face a number of issues, including, but not limited to:

•
infringement, misappropriation and other intellectual property claims which, regardless of merit, may be expensive and time-consuming to litigate and may divert our management’s attention from our core business and may impact our reputation; 

•
substantial damages for infringement, misappropriation or other violations, which we may have to pay if a court decides that the product candidate or technology at issue infringes, misappropriates or violates the third party’s rights, and, if the court finds that the infringement was willful, we could be ordered to pay treble damages and the patent owner’s attorneys’ fees; 

•
a court prohibiting us from developing, manufacturing, marketing or selling our current or future product candidates, or from using our proprietary technologies, including our TPD expertise, unless the third-party licenses its product rights to us, which it is not required to do on commercially reasonable terms or at all; 

•
if a license is available from a third party, we may have to pay substantial royalties, upfront fees and other amounts, and/or grant cross-licenses to intellectual property rights for our products, or the license to us may be non-exclusive, which would permit third parties to use the same intellectual property to compete with us; 

•
redesigning our current or future product candidates or processes so they do not infringe, misappropriate or violate third-party intellectual property rights, which may not be possible or may require substantial monetary expenditures and time; and 

•
there could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments, and, if securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a substantial adverse effect on the price of our common stock. 

68

Some of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of litigation more effectively than we can because they have substantially greater resources. In addition, any uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of any litigation could have a material adverse effect on our ability to raise the funds necessary to continue our operations or could otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. The occurrence of any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects.

Third parties may assert that we are employing their proprietary technology without authorization. Patents issued in the U.S. by law enjoy a presumption of validity that can be rebutted in U.S. courts only with evidence that is “clear and convincing,” a heightened standard of proof. There may be issued third-party patents of which we are currently unaware with claims to compositions, formulations, methods of manufacture or methods for treatment related to the use or manufacture of our current or future product candidates. Patent applications can take many years to issue. In addition, because some patent applications in the U.S. may be maintained in secrecy until the patents are issued, patent applications in the U.S. and many foreign jurisdictions are typically not published until 18 months after their earliest priority filing date, and publications in the scientific literature often lag behind actual discoveries, we cannot be certain that others have not filed patent applications covering our current or future product candidates or technology. If any such patent applications issue as patents, and if such patents have priority over our patent applications or patents we may own or in-license, we may be required to obtain rights to such patents owned by third parties which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all, or may only be available on a non-exclusive basis. There may be currently pending third-party patent applications which may later result in issued patents that our current or future product candidates may infringe. It is also possible that patents owned by third parties of which we are aware, but which we do not believe are relevant to our current or future product candidates or other technologies, could be found to be infringed by our current or future product candidates or other technologies. In addition, third parties may obtain patents in the future and claim that use of our technologies infringes upon these patents. Moreover, we may fail to identify relevant patents or incorrectly conclude that a patent is invalid, not enforceable, exhausted, or not infringed by our activities. If any third-party patents were held by a court of competent jurisdiction to cover the manufacturing process of our current or future product candidates, molecules used in or formed during the manufacturing process, or any final product itself, the holders of any such patents may be able to block our ability to commercialize the product candidate unless we obtained a license under the applicable patents, or until such patents expire or they are finally determined to be held invalid or unenforceable. Similarly, if any third-party patent were held by a court of competent jurisdiction to cover aspects of our formulations, processes for manufacture or methods of use, including combination therapy or patient selection methods, the holders of any such patent may be able to block our ability to develop and commercialize the product candidate unless we obtained a license or until such patent expires or is finally determined to be held invalid or unenforceable. In either case, such a license may not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all. If we are unable to obtain a necessary license to a third-party patent on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, our ability to commercialize our current or future product candidates or TPD expertise may be impaired or delayed, which could in turn significantly harm our business. Even if we obtain a license, it may be nonexclusive, thereby giving our competitors access to the same technologies licensed to us.

Parties making claims against us may seek and obtain injunctive or other equitable relief, which could effectively block our ability to further develop and commercialize our current or future product candidates. Defense of these claims, regardless of their merit, could involve substantial litigation expense and would be a substantial diversion of employee resources from our business. In the event of a successful claim of infringement, misappropriation or other violation against us, we may have to pay substantial damages, including treble damages and attorneys’ fees for willful infringement, obtain one or more licenses from third parties, pay royalties or redesign our infringing products, which may be impossible or require substantial time and monetary expenditure. We cannot predict whether any such license would be available at all or whether it would be available on commercially reasonable terms. Furthermore, even in the absence of litigation, we may need or may choose to obtain licenses from third parties to advance our research or allow commercialization of our current or future product candidates. We may fail to obtain any of these licenses at a reasonable cost or on reasonable terms, if at all. In that event, we would be unable to further develop and commercialize our current or future product candidates or technologies, which could harm our business significantly.

We may not identify relevant third-party patents or may incorrectly interpret the relevance, scope or expiration of a third-party patent, which might subject us to infringement claims or adversely affect our ability to develop and market our current or future product candidates.

We cannot guarantee that any of our or our licensors’ patent searches or analyses, including the identification of relevant patents, the scope of patent claims or the expiration of relevant patents, are complete or thorough, nor can we be certain that we have identified each and every third-party patent and pending patent application in the U.S. and abroad that is relevant to or necessary for the commercialization of our current or future product candidates in any jurisdiction. For example, U.S. patent applications filed before November 29, 2000, and certain U.S. patent applications filed after that date that will not be filed outside the U.S. remain confidential until patents issue. As mentioned above, patent applications in the U.S. and elsewhere are

69

published approximately 18 months after the earliest filing for which priority is claimed, with such earliest filing date being commonly referred to as the priority date. Therefore, patent applications covering our current or future product candidates could have been filed by third parties without our knowledge. Additionally, pending patent applications that have been published can, subject to certain limitations, be later amended in a manner that could cover our current or future product candidates or the use of our current or future product candidates. The scope of a patent claim is determined by an interpretation of the law, the written disclosure in a patent and the patent’s prosecution history. Our interpretation of the relevance or the scope of a patent or a pending application may be incorrect, which may negatively impact our ability to market our current or future product candidates. We may incorrectly determine that our current or future product candidates are not covered by a third-party patent or may incorrectly predict whether a third party’s pending application will issue with claims of relevant scope. Our determination of the expiration date of any patent in the U.S. or abroad that we consider relevant may be incorrect, which may negatively impact our ability to develop and market our current or future product candidates. Our failure to identify and correctly interpret relevant patents may negatively impact our ability to develop and market our current or future product candidates.

If we fail to identify and correctly interpret relevant patents, we may be subject to infringement claims. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to successfully settle or otherwise resolve such infringement claims. If we fail in any such dispute, in addition to being forced to pay damages, which may be significant, we may be temporarily or permanently prohibited from commercializing any of our current or future product candidates or technologies that are held to be infringing. We might, if possible, also be forced to redesign current or future product candidates so that we no longer infringe the third-party intellectual property rights. Any of these events, even if we were ultimately to prevail, could require us to divert substantial financial and management resources that we would otherwise be able to devote to our business and could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.

Risks Related to Employee Matters, Managing Growth and Other Risks Related to Our Business

Risks Related to Employee Matters and Managing Growth

Our future success depends on our ability to retain key executives and to attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel.

We are highly dependent on the research and development, clinical and business development expertise of Nello Mainolfi, Ph.D., our President and Chief Executive Officer, Jared Gollob, M.D., our Chief Medical Officer, Bruce Jacobs, our Chief Financial Officer, Ellen Chiniara, our Chief Legal Officer and Jeremy Chadwick, our Chief Operating Officer, as well as the other principal members of our management, scientific and clinical teams. Although we have entered into employment letter agreements with our executive officers, each of them may terminate their employment with us at any time. We do not maintain “key person” insurance for any of our executives or other employees. In addition, we rely on consultants and advisors, including scientific and clinical advisors, to assist us in formulating our research and development and commercialization strategy. Our consultants and advisors may be employed by employers other than us and may have commitments under consulting or advisory contracts with other entities that may limit their availability to us. If we are unable to continue to attract and retain high quality personnel, our ability to pursue our growth strategy will be limited.

Recruiting and retaining qualified scientific, clinical, manufacturing and sales and marketing personnel will also be critical to our success. The loss of the services of our executive officers or other key employees could impede the achievement of our research, development and commercialization objectives and seriously harm our ability to successfully implement our business strategy. Furthermore, replacing executive officers and key employees may be difficult and may take an extended period of time because of the limited number of individuals in our industry with the breadth of skills and experience required to successfully develop, gain regulatory approval of and commercialize drugs. Competition to hire from this limited pool is intense, and we may be unable to hire, train, retain or motivate these key personnel on acceptable terms given the competition among numerous pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies for similar personnel. We also experience competition for the hiring of scientific and clinical personnel from universities and research institutions. Failure to succeed in clinical trials may make it more challenging to recruit and retain qualified scientific personnel.

We will need to continue to develop and expand our company, and we may encounter difficulties in managing this development and expansion, which could disrupt our operations.

As of December 31, 2024, we had 188 full-time employees, and we expect to increase our number of employees and the scope of our operations. To manage our anticipated development and expansion, we must continue to implement and improve our managerial, operational and financial systems, expand our facilities and continue to recruit and train additional qualified personnel. Our management may need to divert a disproportionate amount of its attention away from its day-to-day activities and devote a substantial amount of time to managing these development activities. Due to our limited resources, we may not

70

be able to effectively manage the expansion of our operations or recruit and train additional qualified personnel. This may result in weaknesses in our infrastructure, give rise to operational mistakes, loss of business opportunities, loss of employees and reduced productivity among remaining employees. The expansion of our operations may lead to significant costs and may divert management’s time and financial resources from other projects, such as the development of our current or future product candidates. If our management is unable to effectively manage our expected development and expansion, our expenses may increase more than expected, our ability to generate or increase our revenue could be reduced and we may not be able to implement our business strategy. Our future financial performance and our ability to commercialize our current or future product candidates, if approved, and compete effectively will depend, in part, on our ability to effectively manage the future development and expansion of our company.

We or the third parties upon whom we depend may be adversely affected by unforeseen global events, natural disasters, and our business continuity and disaster recovery plans may not adequately protect us from a serious disaster.

Unforeseen global events, such as macroeconomic conditions, outbreaks of violence, or geopolitical instability could adversely impact our business. Such conflicts could lead to sanctions, embargoes, supply shortages, regional instability, geopolitical shifts, cyberattacks, other retaliatory actions, and adverse effects on macroeconomic conditions, currency exchange rates, and financial markets, which could adversely impact our operations and financial results, as well as those of third parties with whom we conduct business.

Additionally, any unplanned event, such as flood, fire, explosion, earthquake, extreme weather condition, medical epidemics or pandemics, power shortage, telecommunication failure or other natural or man-made accidents or incidents that result in us being unable to fully utilize our facilities, or the manufacturing facilities of our third-party contract manufacturers, may have a material and adverse effect on our ability to operate our business and have significant negative consequences on our financial and operating conditions. Loss of access to these facilities may result in increased costs, delays in the development of our product candidates or interruption of our business operations. Natural disasters or pandemics could further disrupt our operations, and have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. If a natural disaster, power outage or other event occurred that prevented us from using all or a significant portion of our headquarters, that damaged critical infrastructure, such as our research facilities or the manufacturing facilities of our third-party contract manufacturers, or that otherwise disrupted operations, it may be difficult or, in certain cases, impossible, for us to continue our business for a substantial period of time. The disaster recovery and business continuity plans we have in place may prove inadequate in the event of a serious disaster or similar event. We may incur substantial expenses as a result of the limited nature of our disaster recovery and business continuity plans, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. As part of our risk management policy, we maintain insurance coverage at levels that we believe are appropriate for our business. However, in the event of an accident or incident at these facilities, we cannot assure our investors that the amounts of insurance will be sufficient to satisfy any damages and losses. If our facilities or the manufacturing facilities of our third-party contract manufacturers are unable to operate because of an accident or incident or for any other reason, even for a short period of time, any or all of our research and development programs may be harmed. Any business interruption may have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.

71

We intend to sublease our former space in Watertown, Massachusetts for occupancy now that we have moved to our new facility. If we are unable to sublease our space on favorable terms or if our subtenants are unable to meet their obligations under any sublease, we may be responsible for unexpected costs, which could impact our financial performance.

We currently lease 34,522 square feet of research and development and office space in Watertown, Massachusetts, which lease expires on March 31, 2030. In December 2021, we entered into a lease for 100,624 square feet of office and laboratory space in Watertown, Massachusetts, which we began occupying in February 2024. We intend to sublease our original space and are actively marketing the space to third parties. In the event that we are unable to sublease our original space on favorable terms, or at all, or if we are able to sublease our space but our subtenants fail to make lease payments to us or otherwise default on their obligations to us, we could incur unanticipated payment obligations or further impairment.

Risks Related to Data and Privacy

Our internal computer systems, or those of our third-party CROs or other contractors or consultants, may fail or suffer security breaches, which could result in a material disruption of our current or future product candidates’ development programs.

Despite the implementation of security measures, our internal computer systems and those of our third-party CROs and other contractors and consultants are vulnerable to damage from computer viruses, unauthorized access, natural disasters, terrorism, war and telecommunication and electrical failures. While we have not experienced any such system failure, accident, or security breach to date, if such an event were to occur and cause interruptions in our operations, it could result in a material disruption of our programs. For example, the loss of data from preclinical studies or clinical trials for our current or future product candidates could result in delays in our regulatory approval efforts and significantly increase our costs to recover or reproduce the data. To the extent that any disruption or security breach results in a loss of or damage to our data or applications, other data or applications relating to our technology or current or future product candidates, or inappropriate disclosure of confidential or proprietary information, we could incur liabilities and the further development of our current or future product candidates could be delayed.

We may be unable to adequately protect our information systems from cyberattacks, security incidents, or compromises, which could result in the disclosure of confidential or proprietary information, including personal data, damage our reputation, and subject us to significant financial and legal exposure.

We rely on information technology systems that we or our third-party providers operate to process, transmit and store electronic information in our day-to-day operations. In connection with our product discovery efforts, we may collect and use a variety of personal data, such as names, mailing addresses, email addresses, phone numbers and clinical trial information. A successful cyberattack, security incident, or compromise could result in the theft or destruction of intellectual property, data or other misappropriation of assets, or otherwise compromise our confidential or proprietary information and disrupt our operations. Cyberattacks are increasing in their frequency, sophistication and intensity, and have become increasingly difficult to detect. Cyberattacks could include wrongful conduct by hostile foreign governments, industrial espionage, wire fraud and other forms of cyber fraud, the deployment of harmful malware, denial-of-service, social engineering fraud or other means to threaten data security, confidentiality, integrity and availability. A successful cyberattack could cause serious negative consequences for us, including, without limitation, the disruption of operations, the misappropriation of confidential business information, including financial information, trade secrets, financial loss and the disclosure of corporate strategic plans. Although we devote resources to protect our information systems, we realize that cyberattacks are a threat, and there can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent information security breaches that would result in business, legal, financial or reputational harm to us, or would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Any failure to prevent or mitigate security breaches or improper access to, use of, or disclosure of our clinical data or patients’ personal data could result in significant liability under state (e.g., state breach notification laws), federal (e.g., HIPAA, as amended by HITECH), and international law (e.g., the EU General Data Protection Regulation, or GDPR) and may cause a material adverse impact to our reputation, affect our ability to use collected data, conduct new studies and potentially disrupt our business.

We and certain of our service providers have experienced and may in the future experience cyberattacks. We rely on our third-party providers to implement effective security measures and identify and correct for any such failures, deficiencies or breaches. We also rely on our employees and consultants to safeguard their security credentials and follow our policies and procedures regarding use and access of computers and other devices that may contain our sensitive information. If we or our third-party providers fail to maintain or protect our information technology systems and data integrity effectively or fail to anticipate, plan for or manage significant disruptions to our information technology systems, we or our third-party providers could have difficulty preventing, detecting and controlling such cyber-attacks and any such attacks could result in losses described above, as well as disputes with physicians, patients and our partners, regulatory sanctions or penalties, increases in

72

operating expenses, expenses or lost revenues or other adverse consequences, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, prospects and cash flows. Any failure by such third parties to prevent or mitigate security breaches or improper access to or disclosure of such information could have similarly adverse consequences for us. If we are unable to prevent or mitigate the impact of such security or data privacy breaches, we could be exposed to litigation and governmental investigations, which could lead to a potential disruption to our business.

We, our collaborators and our service providers may be subject to a variety of privacy and data protection laws, regulations and contractual obligations, which may require us to incur substantial compliance costs, and any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with them could expose us to fines or other penalties and otherwise harm our business and operations.

We may be subject to data privacy and protection laws and regulations that apply to the collection, transmission, storage and use of sensitive information and personally-identifying information, which among other things, imposes certain requirements relating to the privacy, security and transmission of certain individually identifiable information. In addition, numerous other federal and state laws, including state security breach notification laws, state health information privacy laws and federal and state consumer protection laws, govern the collection, use, disclosure and security of personal information. These laws continue to change and evolve and are increasing in breadth and impact.

For example, with respect to the collection and processing of personal data relating to the European Union (“EU”), European Economic Area (“EEA”) and United Kingdom (“UK”), we are subject to the EU General Data Protection Regulation (EU GDPR), the UK General Data Protection Regulation (UK GDPR), as well as applicable data protection laws in effect in the Member States of the EEA and in the UK (including the UK Data Protection Act 2018) which govern the processing of personal data in connection with (a) the offering of goods or services to/the monitoring of the behavior of individuals in the UK and EEA; or (b) the activities of our establishments in the UK and any EEA Member State. The UK’s data protection regime is independent from but aligned to the EU’s data protection regime. In this Form 10-K, “GDPR” refers to both the EU GDPR and the UK GDPR, unless specified otherwise. The GDPR is wide-ranging in scope and imposes numerous requirements on companies that process personal data, including imposing special requirements in respect of the processing of health and other sensitive data, requiring that consent of individuals to whom the personal data relates is obtained in certain circumstances, requiring additional disclosures to individuals regarding data processing activities, requiring that safeguards are implemented to protect the security and confidentiality of personal data, limiting retention periods for personal data, creating mandatory data breach notification requirements in certain circumstances, and requiring that certain measures (including contractual requirements) are put in place when engaging third-party service providers. The GDPR also imposes strict rules on the transfer of personal data to countries outside of the UK and EEA that do not ensure an adequate level of protection, including the United States in certain circumstances, unless derogation exists or a valid GDPR transfer mechanism (for example, the European Commission approved Standard Contractual Clauses (SCCs) and the UK International Data Transfer Agreement or Addendum (UK IDTA)) have been put in place, and transfer impact assessments conducted. Any inability to transfer personal data from the UK or EEA to the United States in compliance with data protection laws may impede our operations and may adversely affect our business and financial position. Following the UK’s exit from the EU, or Brexit, there will be increasing scope for divergence in application, interpretation and enforcement of the data protection laws between these territories. For example, the UK has introduced the Data Reform Bill into the UK legislative process with the intention for this bill to reform the UK’s data protection regime following Brexit. If passed, the final version of the Data Reform Bill may have the effect of further altering the similarities between the UK and EEA data protection regimes and threaten the UK adequacy decision from the EU Commission allowing the free flow of personal data from the UK to the EEA, which may lead to additional compliance costs and could increase our overall risk. This lack of clarity on future UK laws and regulations and their interaction with those of the EEA could add legal risk, uncertainty, complexity, and cost to our handling of European personal data and our privacy and security compliance programs, and could require us to implement different compliance measures for the UK and EEA. Failure to comply with the requirements of the GDPR and the related national data protection laws of the EEA Member States and the UK may result in fines up to €20 million (17.5 million for the UK GDPR) or 4% of a company’s global annual revenues for the preceding financial year, whichever is higher. The GDPR also confers a private right of action on data subjects and consumer associations to lodge complaints with supervisory authorities, seek judicial remedies, and obtain compensation for damages resulting from violations of the GDPR. Complying with these European data protection laws may impose significant costs or otherwise require us to divert resources or implement changes to our business processes, and any actual or perceived non-compliance could result in significant penalties, claims and reputational damage.

In the United States, several layers of federal and state data protection laws and regulations may apply to our business, including HIPAA, the Federal Trade Commission (“FTC”) Act and state consumer privacy and health data privacy laws. For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) is a comprehensive privacy law that creates individual privacy rights and increased privacy and security obligations on businesses handling the personal data of California residents. The CCPA requires covered businesses to provide certain disclosures to consumers about data collection, use and sharing practices, to allow California residents to opt out of certain sales and disclosures of personal information, and to opt out of certain uses of

73

sensitive personal information, including health information. The law also created a regulatory agency in California, and that agency’s finalized and proposed regulations are continuing to change the standard of privacy protection we may be required to meet. Numerous other states have passed similar consumer privacy laws that are or will be implemented and enforced by various state regulators. Like the CCPA, these laws grant consumers rights in relation to their personal information and impose new obligations on regulated businesses, including, in some instances, broader data security requirements.

In addition, federal and state legislators and regulators are imposing new and heightened protections for health and other sensitive information that could impact our business. For example, the Federal Trade Commission (“FTC”) has imposed stringent requirements on the collection and disclosure of sensitive categories of personal information, including health information, and has expanded the application of its Health Breach Notification Rule. Through executive and legislative action, the federal government has also taken steps to restrict data transactions involving certain sensitive data categories – including health data, genetic data, and biospecimens – with persons affiliated with China, Russia, and other countries of concern. Washington’s My Health My Data Act, which went into effect in March 2024, requires regulated entities to obtain consent to collect health information, grants consumers certain rights, including to request deletion, and provides for robust enforcement mechanisms, including enforcement by the state attorney-general and by litigants through a private right of action for consumer claims. These current and future data privacy laws and regulations may require us to modify our data collection or processing practices and policies, incur substantial costs and expenses in an effort to comply and increase our potential exposure to regulatory enforcement, reputational damage, and/or litigation.

Issues relating to the use of artificial intelligence and machine learning could adversely affect our business and operating results.

In our ongoing efforts to innovate and develop product candidates, we have integrated artificial intelligence (“AI”) and machine learning into virtual screening, hit validation and optimization technologies. While AI and machine learning presents opportunities for enhanced productivity and innovation, it also introduces inherent risks, including legal and regulatory, that could adversely impact our business and reputation. Proper use of AI and machine learning can lead to improved decision-making, cost reduction, and competitive advantage. However, improper use, including algorithmic biases, ethical considerations, data privacy issues, and potential regulatory non-compliance, could result in reputational damage, legal liabilities, and financial losses. The rapidly evolving regulatory landscape surrounding AI also poses a risk, as new laws and regulations could impose additional compliance burdens, resulting in increased operational costs to comply with U.S. and non-U.S. laws concerning the use of AI, the nature of which cannot be determined at this time. In addition, the European Union recently passed the Artificial Intelligence Act, whose regulations will be developed over the coming year and, in the U.S., the recent Executive Order concerning artificial intelligence may result in extensive new federal rule-making. We are committed to implementing governance and control mechanisms to mitigate these risks, but there can be no assurance that such measures will adequately prevent or mitigate the adverse effects that the integration and use of AI may have on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

Risks Related to Our Common Stock

The price of our common stock has been and may continue to be volatile and fluctuate substantially, and investors may lose all or part of their investment.

Our stock price has been volatile and may continue to be subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors. The stock market in general and the market for biopharmaceutical companies in particular have experienced extreme volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies, including in connection with conflicts in various regions of the world, increasing inflation rates, and interest rate changes, which have resulted in decreased stock prices for many companies notwithstanding the lack of a fundamental change in their underlying business models or prospects. As a result of this volatility, you may lose all or part of your investment. The market price for our common stock may be influenced by many factors, including:

•
the success of competitive drugs or technologies; 

•
results of preclinical studies and clinical trials of our current or future product candidates or those of our competitors; 

•
regulatory or legal developments in the U.S. and other countries; 

•
developments or disputes concerning patent applications, issued patents or other proprietary rights; 

•
the recruitment or departure of key personnel; 

74

•
the level of expenses related to any of our current or future product candidates or clinical development programs; 

•
the results of our efforts to discover, develop, acquire or in-license additional current or future product candidates or drugs; 

•
actual or anticipated changes in estimates as to financial results, development timelines or recommendations by securities analysts; 

•
variations in our financial results or those of companies that are perceived to be similar to us;

•
changes in the structure of healthcare payment systems; 

•
market conditions in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology sectors; 

•
announcements regarding our collaboration agreements, including announcements regarding our collaboration agreement with Sanofi;

•
general economic, industry and market conditions; and 

•
the other factors described in this “Risk Factors” section. 

These and other market and industry factors may cause the market price and demand for shares of our common stock to fluctuate substantially, regardless of our actual operating performance, which may limit or prevent investors from selling their shares at or above the price paid for the shares and may otherwise negatively affect the liquidity of our common stock. The realization of any of the above risks or any of a broad range of other risks, including those described in this section, could have a significant and material adverse impact on the market price of our common stock. The price of our common stock may be disproportionately affected as investors may favor traditional profit-making industries and companies during the times of market uncertainty and instability.

Unstable global economic and geopolitical conditions may have serious adverse consequences on our business, financial condition, stock price and results of operations.

As widely reported, global credit and financial markets have experienced extreme volatility and disruptions in the past several years, including severely diminished liquidity and credit availability, declines in consumer confidence, declines in economic growth, increases in unemployment rates and uncertainty about economic stability. The financial markets and the global economy may also be adversely affected by the potential for significant changes in U.S policies or regulatory environment given the new administration, military conflict, including the ongoing conflicts between Russia and Ukraine, and in the Middle East, terrorism, or other geopolitical events. Sanctions imposed by the United States and other countries in response to such conflicts, including in Ukraine, may also continue to adversely impact the financial markets and the global economy, and any economic countermeasures by the affected countries or others could exacerbate market and economic instability. There can be no assurance that further deterioration in credit and financial markets and confidence in economic conditions will not occur. Our general business strategy may be adversely affected by any such economic downturn, volatile business environment or continued unpredictable and unstable market conditions. If the current equity and credit markets deteriorate, or do not improve, it may make any necessary debt or equity financing more difficult, more costly, and more dilutive. Furthermore, our stock price may decline due in part to the volatility of the stock market and the general economic downturn. Failure to secure any necessary financing in a timely manner and on favorable terms could have a material adverse effect on our growth strategy, financial performance and stock price and could require us to delay, scale back or discontinue the development and commercialization of one or more of our product candidates or delay our pursuit of potential in-licenses or acquisitions. In addition, there is a risk that one or more of our current service providers, manufacturers and other partners may not survive these difficult economic times, which could directly affect our ability to attain our operating goals on schedule and on budget.

Changes in U.S. federal policy that affect the geopolitical landscape could give rise to circumstances outside our control that could have negative impacts on our business operations. For example, during the prior Trump administration, increased tariffs were implemented on goods imported into the U.S., particularly from China, Canada, and Mexico. On February 1, 2025, the U.S. imposed a 25% tariff on imports from Canada and Mexico, which were subsequently suspended for a period of one month, and a 10% additional tariff on imports from China. Historically, tariffs have led to increased trade and political tensions, between not only the U.S. and China, but also between the U.S. and other countries in the international community.  In response to tariffs, other countries have implemented retaliatory tariffs on U.S. goods. Political tensions as a result of trade policies could reduce trade volume, investment, technological exchange and other economic activities between major international economies, resulting in a material adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets. Any changes

75

in political, trade, regulatory, and economic conditions, including U.S. trade policies, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.

If securities analysts do not publish research or reports about our business or if they publish negative evaluations of our stock, the price of our stock could decline.

The trading market for our common stock relies in part on the research and reports that industry or financial analysts publish about us or our business. We do not have control over these analysts. Although we have obtained research coverage from certain analysts, there can be no assurance that analysts will continue to cover us or provide favorable coverage. If one or more of the analysts covering our business downgrade their evaluations of our stock, the price of our stock could decline. In addition, if one or more of these analysts cease to cover our stock, we could lose visibility in the market for our stock, which in turn could cause our stock price to decline.

Our executive officers, directors, principal stockholders and their affiliates exercise significant influence over our company, which will limit your ability to influence corporate matters and could delay or prevent a change in corporate control.

As of December 31, 2024, the existing holdings of our executive officers, directors, principal stockholders and their affiliates represent beneficial ownership, in the aggregate, of approximately 25% of our outstanding common stock. As a result, these stockholders, if they act together, will be able to influence our management and affairs and the outcome of matters submitted to our stockholders for approval, including the election of directors and any merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of our assets. This may prevent or discourage unsolicited acquisition proposals or offers for our common stock that you may feel are in your best interest as one of our stockholders. Some of these persons or entities may have interests different than yours. For example, because many of these stockholders purchased their shares at prices substantially below the current trading price of our stock and have held their shares for a longer period, they may be more interested in selling our Company to an acquirer than other investors or they may want us to pursue strategies that deviate from the interests of other stockholders. Additionally, from time to time, any of our non-affiliated shareholders may accumulate or acquire significant positions in our common stock and may similarly be able to influence our business or matters submitted to our stockholders for approval.  The concentration of voting power among these stockholders may also have an adverse effect on the price of our common stock by delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of us; impeding a merger, consolidation, takeover or other business combination involving us; or discouraging a potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us.

We have issued a substantial number of warrants and equity awards from our equity plans which are exercisable into shares of our common stock which could result in substantial dilution to the ownership interests of our existing stockholders.

As of December 31, 2024, approximately 15,159,753 shares of our common stock were reserved for issuance upon exercise of pre-funded warrants. Additionally, 10,197,394 shares of our common stock were reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding stock options and vested restricted stock units. The exercise or conversion of these securities will result in a significant increase in the number of outstanding shares and substantially dilute the ownership interests of our existing stockholders. The shares underlying the equity awards from our equity plans are registered on a Form S-8 registration statement. As a result, upon vesting these shares can be freely exercised and sold in the public market upon issuance, subject to volume limitations applicable to affiliates. The exercise of options and the subsequent sale of the underlying common stock could cause a decline in our stock price.

Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market could cause our stock price to fall.

Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market could occur at any time. These sales or the perception in the market that the holders of a large number of shares of common stock intend to sell shares, could reduce the market price of our common stock. Persons who were our stockholders prior to our initial public offering continue to hold a substantial number of shares of our common stock that many of them are now able to sell in the public market. Significant portions of these shares are held by a relatively small number of stockholders, none of whom have entered into agreements restricting their ability to sell their shares. Sales by our stockholders of a substantial number of shares or distributions of their holdings to their respective limited partners and other equity holders, or the expectation that such sales or distributions, or the expectation that such sales may occur, could significantly reduce the market price of our common stock.

Shares issued upon the exercise of stock options outstanding or settlement of restricted stock units under our equity incentive plans or pursuant to future awards granted under those plans will become available for sale in the public market to the extent permitted by the provisions of applicable vesting schedules, any applicable market standoff and lock-up agreements, and Rule 144 and Rule 701 under the Securities Act.

76

Certain holders of our common stock have rights, subject to conditions, to require us to file registration statements covering their shares or to include their shares in registration statements that we may file for ourselves or other stockholders. We have also filed registration statements on Form S-8 registering the issuance of shares of common stock issued or reserved for future issuance under our equity compensation plans. Shares registered under this registration statement on Form S-8 can be freely sold in the public market upon issuance and once vested, subject to volume limitations applicable to affiliates. If any of these additional shares are sold, or if it is perceived that they will be sold, in the public market, the market price of our common stock could decline.

Pursuant to our prior sales agreement, or Cowen Sales Agreement, with Cowen and Company, LLC, or Cowen, we had the ability to offer and sell up to an aggregate amount of $250.0 million of our common stock from time to time in “at-the-market” offerings, subject to the limitations thereof. As of December 31, 2024, approximately $50 million worth of common stock had been sold under the Cowen Sales Agreement. From October 1, 2021 through December 31, 2024, we sold 1,519,453 shares of common stock through the Cowen Sales Agreement.

On October 31, 2024, we entered into an Open Market Sale Agreement
SM
, or the Jefferies Sales Agreement, with Jefferies LLC pursuant to which we may offer and sell our common stock, subject to certain limitations in the sales agreement and compliance with applicable law, at any time throughout the term of the Jefferies Sales Agreement. The number of shares that are sold by Jefferies after delivering a placement notice will fluctuate based on the market price of the common stock during the sales period and limits we set with Jefferies. Because the price per share of each share sold will fluctuate based on the market price of our common stock during the sales period, it is not possible at this stage to predict the number of shares that will be ultimately issued. Sales to, or through, Jefferies by us could result in substantial dilution to the interests of other holders of our common stock. Additionally, the sale of a substantial number of shares of our common stock, or the anticipation of such sales, could make it more difficult for us to sell equity or equity-related securities in the future at a time and at a price that we might otherwise wish to effect sales. There have not yet been any sales made pursuant to the Jefferies Sales Agreement.

Because we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our capital stock in the foreseeable future, capital appreciation, if any, will be investors’ sole source of gain.

We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain all of our future earnings, if any, to finance the growth and development of our business. As a result, capital appreciation, if any, of our common stock will be investors’ sole source of gain for the foreseeable future.

We may be at an increased risk of securities class action litigation.

Historically, securities class action litigation has often been brought against a company following a decline in the market price of its securities. This risk is especially relevant for us because biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies have experienced significant stock price volatility in recent years. If we were to be sued, it could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management’s attention and resources, which could harm our business. Additionally, any lawsuit to which we are a party, with or without merit, may result in an unfavorable judgment. We also may decide to settle lawsuits on unfavorable terms. Any such negative outcome could result in payments of substantial damages or fines, damage to our reputation or adverse changes to our business practices. Furthermore, during the course of litigation, there could be negative public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments, which could have a negative effect on the market price of our common stock.

Risks Related to Tax

Changes in tax law may adversely affect us or our investors.

The rules dealing with U.S. federal, state and local and non-U.S. taxation are constantly under review by persons involved in the legislative process and by the Internal Revenue Service, or IRS, the U.S. Treasury Department and other taxing authorities. Changes to tax laws (which changes may have retroactive application) could adversely affect us or holders of our common stock. These changes could subject us to additional income-based taxes and non-income taxes (such as payroll, sales, use, value-added, net worth, property, and goods and services taxes), which in turn could materially affect our financial position and results of operations. Additionally, new, changed, modified, or newly interpreted or applied tax laws could increase our customers’ and our compliance, operating and other costs, as well as the costs of our products. In recent years, many such changes have been made and changes are likely to continue to occur in the future.

77

As we expand the scale of our business activities, any changes in the U.S. and non-U.S. taxation of such activities may increase our effective tax rate and harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. You are urged to consult your tax advisor regarding the implications of potential changes in tax laws on an investment in our common stock.

Our ability to utilize our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes to offset future taxable income may be subject to certain limitations, and, as a result, unavailable to reduce our future tax liability.

As of December 31, 2024, we had federal and state net operating loss carryforwards of $221.3 million and $238.3 million, respectively, which begin to expire in various amounts in 2037 (other than federal net operating loss carryforwards arising in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, which are not subject to expiration but the deductibility of such federal NOLs may be limited to 80% of our taxable income annually for tax years beginning after December 31, 2020). As of December 31, 2024, we also had federal and state research and development tax credit carryforwards of $33.1 million and $12.0 million, respectively, which begin to expire in 2032. These net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards could expire unused and be unavailable to offset future income tax liabilities. In addition, in general, under Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code, a corporation that undergoes an “ownership change” is subject to limitations on its ability to utilize its pre-change net operating losses or tax credits, or NOLs or credits, to offset future taxable income or taxes. For these purposes, an ownership change generally occurs where the aggregate stock ownership of one or more stockholders or groups of stockholders who own at least 5% of a corporation’s stock increases by more than 50 percentage points over the lowest ownership percentage of such stockholders or groups of stockholders within a specified testing period. Our existing NOLs or credits may be subject to limitations arising from previous ownership changes. In addition, future changes in our stock ownership, many of which are outside of our control, could result in an ownership change under Sections 382 and 383 of the Code and limit our ability to utilize NOLs or credit. Our NOLs or credits may also be impaired under state law. Accordingly, we may not be able to utilize a material portion of our NOLs or credits. Furthermore, our ability to utilize our NOLs or credits is conditioned upon our attaining profitability and generating U.S. federal and state taxable income. As described above under “Risk Factors-Risks Related to our Financial Position and Need for Additional Capital,” we have incurred significant net losses since our inception and anticipate that we will continue to incur significant losses for the foreseeable future; and therefore, we do not know whether or when we will generate the U.S. federal or state taxable income necessary to utilize our NOLs or credit carryforwards that are subject to limitation by Sections 382 and 383 of the Code.

Risks Related to Our Controls and Reporting Requirements

If we fail to maintain proper and effective internal control over financial reporting, our operating results and our ability to operate our business could be harmed.

Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or Section 404, we are required to furnish a report by our management on our internal control over financial reporting, including an attestation report on internal control over financial reporting issued by our independent registered public accounting firm.

To achieve compliance with Section 404, we have engaged in a process to document and evaluate our internal control over financial reporting, which is both costly and challenging. In this regard, we will need to continue to dedicate internal resources, potentially engage outside consultants and adopt a detailed work plan to assess and document the adequacy of internal control over financial reporting, continue steps to improve control processes as appropriate, validate through testing that controls are functioning as documented and implement a continuous reporting and improvement process for internal control over financial reporting. Despite our efforts, there is a risk that neither we nor our independent registered public accounting firm will be able to conclude within the prescribed timeframe that our internal control over financial reporting is effective as required by Section 404. This could result in an adverse reaction in the financial markets due to a loss of confidence in the reliability of our financial statements. In addition, investors’ perceptions that our internal controls are inadequate or that we are unable to produce accurate financial statements on a timely basis may harm our stock price and make it more difficult for us to effectively market and sell any of our present or future product candidates that may receive regulatory approval.

Our disclosure controls and procedures may not prevent or detect all errors or acts of fraud.

We are subject to certain reporting requirements of the Exchange Act. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to reasonably assure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC. We believe that any disclosure controls and procedures or internal controls and

78

procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people or by an unauthorized override of the controls. Accordingly, because of the inherent limitations in our control system, misstatements or insufficient disclosures due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected.

Risks Related to Our Charter and Bylaws

Anti-takeover provisions under our charter documents and Delaware law could delay or prevent a change of control, which could limit the market price of our common stock and may prevent or frustrate attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management.

Our fourth amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our second amended and restated bylaws contain provisions that could delay or prevent a change of control of our company or changes in our board of directors that our stockholders might consider favorable. Some of these provisions include:

•
a board of directors divided into three classes serving staggered three-year terms, such that not all members of the board will be elected at one time; 

•
a prohibition on stockholder action through written consent, which requires that all stockholder actions be taken at a meeting of our stockholders; 

•
a requirement that special meetings of stockholders be called only by the board of directors acting pursuant to a resolution approved by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors then in office; 

•
advance notice requirements for stockholder proposals and nominations for election to our board of directors; 

•
a requirement that no member of our board of directors may be removed from office by our stockholders except for cause and, in addition to any other vote required by law, upon the approval of not less than two-thirds of all outstanding shares of our voting stock then entitled to vote in the election of directors; 

•
a requirement of approval of not less than two-thirds of all outstanding shares of our voting stock to amend any bylaws by stockholder action or to amend specific provisions of our certificate of incorporation; and 

•
the authority of the board of directors to issue preferred stock on terms determined by the board of directors without stockholder approval and which preferred stock may include rights superior to the rights of the holders of common stock. 

In addition, because we are incorporated in Delaware, we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporate Law, or DGCL, which may prohibit certain business combinations with stockholders owning 15% or more of our outstanding voting stock. These antitakeover provisions and other provisions in our fourth amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws could make it more difficult for stockholders or potential acquirers to obtain control of our board of directors or initiate actions that are opposed by the then-current board of directors and could also delay or impede a merger, tender offer or proxy contest involving our company. These provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for you and other stockholders to elect directors of your choosing or cause us to take other corporate actions you desire. Any delay or prevention of a change of control transaction or changes in our board of directors could cause the market price of our common stock to decline.

Our amended and restated bylaws designate specific courts as the exclusive forum for certain litigation that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders’ ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us.

Pursuant to our amended and restated bylaws, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the sole and exclusive forum for any state law claims for (1) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; (2) any action asserting a claim of or based on a breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or other employee of ours to us or our stockholders; (3) any action asserting a claim pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our amended and restated bylaws; or (4) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine, or the Delaware Forum Provision. The Delaware Forum Provision will not apply to any causes of action arising under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. Our amended and restated bylaws further provide that unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts shall be the sole and exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action

79

arising under the Securities Act, or the Federal Forum Provision. In addition, our amended and restated bylaws provide that any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital stock is deemed to have notice of and consented to the Delaware Forum Provision and the Federal Forum Provision; provided, however, that stockholders cannot and will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder.

We recognize that the Delaware Forum Provision and the Federal Forum Provision in our amended and restated bylaws may impose additional litigation costs on stockholders in pursuing any such claims, particularly if the stockholders do not reside in or near the State of Delaware or the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, as applicable. Additionally, the forum selection clauses in our amended and restated bylaws may limit our stockholders’ ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that they find favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees, which may discourage the filing of lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and employees, even though an action, if successful, might benefit our stockholders. In addition, while the Delaware Supreme Court ruled, and other state courts have upheld the validity of, that federal forum selection provisions purporting to require claims under the Securities Act be brought in federal court, there is uncertainty as to whether other courts will enforce our Federal Forum Provision. If the Federal Forum Provision is found to be unenforceable, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters. The Federal Forum Provision may also impose additional litigation costs on stockholders who assert that the provision is not enforceable or invalid. The Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware and the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts may also reach different judgments or results than would other courts, including courts where a stockholder considering an action may be located or would otherwise choose to bring the action, and such judgments may be more or less favorable to us than our stockholders.

The U.S. Congress, the Trump administration, or any new administration may make substantial changes to fiscal, tax, and other federal policies that may adversely affect our business.

In 2017, the U.S. Congress and the Trump administration made substantial changes to U.S. policies, which included comprehensive corporate and individual tax reform. In addition, the Trump administration called for significant changes to U.S. trade, healthcare, immigration and government regulatory policy. With the transition to the Biden administration in early 2021, changes to U. S. policy occurred and since the start of the Trump Administration in 2025, U.S. policy changes have been implemented at a rapid pace and additional changes are likely. Changes to U.S. policy implemented by the U.S. Congress, the Trump administration or any new administration have impacted and may in the future impact, among other things, the U.S. and global economy, international trade relations, unemployment, immigration, healthcare, taxation, the U.S. regulatory environment, inflation and other areas. Although we cannot predict the impact, if any, of these changes to our business, they could adversely affect our business. Until we know what policy changes are made, whether those policy changes are challenged and subsequently upheld by the court system and how those changes impact our business and the business of our competitors over the long term, we will not know if, overall, we will benefit from them or be negatively affected by them

Item 1B. Unresolve
d Staff Comments.

None.

80

Item 1C. Cybersec
urity

Cyber Risk Management and Strategy
Kymera uses, stores and processes data for and about our research programs, clinical trials, employees, and suppliers. We have developed and maintain an information security program designed to assess, identify, and manage risks from cybersecurity threats, including to our data and systems. We conduct periodic assessments of our assets, including internal and external security testing, as part of our risk management process and to evaluate the effectiveness of applicable security controls. These assessments are informed by industry standards. Our cybersecurity risk management process is a part of our overall risk management program. We also have an employee education program that includes training designed to raise awareness of cybersecurity threats. We have adopted an Incident Response Policy that outlines the legal and governance process for identifying and managing material cyber risks to our information and information systems and our framework for assessing and responding to cyber incidents, as applicable.

Although risks from cybersecurity threats have to date not 
materially affected, and we do not believe they are reasonably likely to materially affect,
 us, our business strategy, results of operations or financial condition, we could, from time to time, experience threats and communicate security incidents relating to our and our third-party vendors’ information systems. For more information, please see Item 1A- Risk Factors.

Governance Related to Cybersecurity Risks
Under the ultimate direction of the Chief Executive Officer and our executive management team, the Cybersecurity Supervisory Committee (CSSC) has primary responsibility for overseeing our management of cybersecurity risks, which includes representatives from finance, legal, operations, human resources, and information technology. The CSSC meets as circumstances warrant to review and update incident response procedures and to provide oversight of incident response activities of the Cyber Security Incident Response Team.

The head of information technology and the CSSC have primary responsibility for assessing and managing our cybersecurity program.

The head of information technology, who reports to the Chief Financial Officer, has more than 25 years of experience in building and leading information technology and security teams. 

The board of directors has ultimate oversight of our risk management program and has delegated oversight of that program, including, oversight of cybersecurity, to the audit committee of the board of directors. 
The S.V.P. of Information Technology presents to the audit committee periodically regarding cybersecurity matters.
 The Chief Financial Officer and the Chief Legal Officer are responsible for informing the audit committee
 in the event of any material cybersecurity incidents and any potential disclosure obligations arising from such incidents
.

Item 2. Pro
perties.

We currently occupy approximately 100,624 square feet of office and laboratory space in Watertown, Massachusetts under a lease that expires in March 2035. We have two options to extend the lease term, each for five additional years at then-market rates. Additionally, we currently lease approximately 34,522 rentable square feet of extra office and laboratory space in Watertown, Massachusetts under a lease that expires in March 2030 that we are not currently occupying. We intend to sublease and are actively marketing the original space to third parties. We believe that our office and laboratory space is sufficient to meet our current needs and that suitable additional space will be available as and when needed on commercially reasonable terms.