Item 1. Business
Overview
Surgery Partners, Inc., a Delaware corporation, acting through its subsidiaries, owns and operates a national network of surgical facilities and ancillary services. Unless the context otherwise indicates, Surgery Partners, Inc. and its subsidiaries are referred to herein as "Surgery Partners," "we," "us," "our" or the "Company."
We are a leading healthcare services company with an integrated outpatient delivery model focused on providing high-quality, cost-effective solutions for surgical and related ancillary care in support of both patients and physicians. We are one of the largest and fastest growing surgical services businesses in the United  States ("U.S."), with more than 200 locations in 31 states, including ambulatory surgery centers ("ASCs"), short-stay surgical hospitals ("surgical hospitals"), and multi-specialty physician practices, among others. Patient services provided in our ASCs and surgical hospitals (collectively, "surgical facilities" or "facilities") generated approximately $3.1 billion in revenue during 2024.
Our Growth Strategies
Our differentiated operating model employs a multifaceted strategy to grow revenue, earnings and cash flow. We believe the following are key components to this strategy:
•
Deliver outstanding patient care and clinical outcomes;
•
Continue to execute and expand upon our physician engagement strategy in attractive markets;
•
Become the partner of choice for physicians seeking to become or stay independent;
•
Become the employer of choice by attracting, engaging, retaining, developing and promoting talent;
•
Drive organic growth at existing facilities through targeted physician recruitment, service line expansion and implementing our efficient operating model;
•
Seek partnership opportunities with payors to make health care more affordable for their members;
•
Continue our disciplined acquisition strategy;
•
Offer new services to provide a more comprehensive continuum of care; and
•
Enhance operational efficiencies and productivity by delivering on integration;
•
Seek strategic relationship opportunities with health care systems looking to develop and/or enhance their ambulatory surgery footprint to better meet the needs of their patients and medical staff.
In addition, we believe favorable industry trends such as an aging population, advancements in medical technology and payor and government encouragement to move high acuity procedures from acute care to our lower cost sites of care will further drive growth.
Total Addressable Market 
Based on management estimates, we believe that the total U.S. outpatient surgical facility market represents greater than $90 billion in annual revenue, including greater than $55 billion of hospital outpatient department procedures and $35 billion of ambulatory surgical center procedures, and we believe that ASCs are capturing an increasing share of the total surgical procedure market. We estimate that as a result of this trend, total annual procedure volume is expected to grow over the next few years by approximately 2% in hospital outpatient departments and by approximately 6% in ASCs, while inpatient procedures will decline by approximately 2% during the same period. In addition, we believe that approximately $60 billion of inpatient surgical cases have the potential to move to outpatient surgery centers, which, together with procedures performed at hospital outpatient departments and ASCs, represents what we believe is a total addressable market of approximately $150 billion. 
Operations
During 2024 and 2023, we operated in one reportable segment, Surgical Facilities, which includes the operation of ASCs, surgical hospitals, anesthesia services, urgent care facilities and multi-specialty physician practices. Our surgical facilities primarily provide non-emergency surgical procedures across many specialties, including, among others, orthopedics and pain management, ophthalmology, gastroenterology ("GI") and general surgery.
Surgical Facilities
Operations
As of December 31, 2024, we owned or operated 161 surgical facilities, including 142 ASCs and 19 licensed surgical hospitals. Our Surgical Facilities contributed substantially all of our total revenue in 2024, 2023 and 2022. 
1
Table of Contents
Our typical ASC is a free-standing facility that performs planned surgical procedures on an outpatient basis for patients not requiring hospitalization and for whom an overnight stay is not expected after surgery. Each ASC usually has one to seven operating or procedure rooms with areas for reception, pre-operative care, recovery and administration. The staff of our ASCs generally includes a center administrator, registered nurses, operating room technicians, as well as other administrative staff.
Our surgical hospitals primarily focus on providing non-emergency, scheduled surgical procedures, with a focus on less complex, elective surgeries that have shorter recovery times. Although some of these facilities may include emergency departments, they are generally not equipped to handle a broad spectrum of patient needs, including critical and traumatic injuries. 
We operate both multi-specialty and single-specialty facilities. In multi-specialty facilities, a variety of surgical procedures are performed, including, among others, orthopedics and pain management, gastroenterology, ophthalmology, and general surgery. We have diversified the mix of procedures performed at our facilities by strategically introducing select specialties that will complement existing services. In many cases, we keep certain facilities as single-specialty where it suits an individual facility or market demand.
We provide each of our surgical facilities with a full range of financial, marketing and operating services. For example, our regional managed care directors assist the local management team at each of our surgical facilities in developing relationships with private insurance payors and negotiating private insurance contracts. 
Ownership Structure
We own and operate our surgical facilities through partnerships or limited liability companies with physicians, physician groups and health care systems. In some instances, we acquire ownership in a surgical facility with the prior owners retaining ownership, and, in some cases, we offer new ownership to other physicians or health care systems. Of the 161 surgical facilities that were operational as of December 31, 2024, we hold majority ownership in 83 of these surgical facilities and consolidated 118 for financial reporting purposes. We provide day-to-day management services for a majority of our surgical facilities pursuant to a management agreement and receive a management fee that is typically equal to a percentage of the facility revenue. We also provide intercompany loans to some of the surgical facilities which often are secured by a pledge of assets of the facility. 
Strategic Relationships
When attractive opportunities arise, we may develop, acquire or operate surgical facilities through strategic relationships with payors, health care systems, and other health care providers. We believe that forming such strategic relationships can enhance our ability to attract physicians and access favorable private insurance contracts for our surgical facilities in that market.  
The strategic relationships through which we own and operate surgical facilities are governed by partnership and operating agreements that generally are comparable to the partnership and operating agreements of the other surgical facilities in which we own an interest. The primary difference between the structure of these strategic relationships and the other surgical facilities in which we hold an equity interest is that, in these strategic relationships, a health care system holds ownership in the surgical facility in addition to physician investors. In each of these strategic relationships, we have also entered into a management agreement under which we provide day-to-day management services for a management fee equal to a percentage of the revenues of the surgical facility. The terms of those management agreements are comparable to the terms of our management agreements with other surgical facilities in which we own an equity interest.
Sources of Revenue
Revenue from our consolidated surgical facilities is earned from facility fees related to health care services performed in our surgical facilities and is included in our patient service revenues. The fee charged for surgical services varies depending on the type of service provided, but usually includes all charges for usage of an operating room, a recovery room, special equipment, supplies, nursing staff and/or medications. Our fees do not typically include professional fees charged by the patient's surgeon, anesthesiologist or other attending physician, which are billed directly by such physicians. Management fees received from our non-consolidated surgical facilities for management services provided are included in other service revenues.
We are dependent upon government and private insurance sources of payment for the services we provide. The amounts that our surgical facilities receive in payment for their services may be adversely affected by market and cost factors as well as other factors over which we have no control, including Medicare, Medicaid and state regulations, cost containment and utilization decisions and reduced reimbursement schedules of private insurance payors.
2
Table of Contents
The following table sets forth the percentage of total patient service revenues for our consolidated surgical facilities by type of payor for the periods indicated:
Year Ended December 31,
2024
2023
2022
Private Insurance
53.5 
%
52.5 
%
51.5 
%
Government
41.1 
%
41.8 
%
42.3 
%
Self-pay
2.7 
%
2.5 
%
2.6 
%
Other
2.7 
%
3.2 
%
3.6 
%
Total patient service revenues
100.0 
%
100.0 
%
100.0 
%
We receive reimbursement from Medicare for surgical services based on three different payment systems depending on the site of service: outpatient surgical services generally provided in our ASCs, hospital outpatient surgical services and hospital inpatient surgical services. 
Medicare Reimbursement - Hospital Inpatient Services
Nineteen of our surgical facilities are licensed as hospitals. Most inpatient services provided by hospitals are reimbursed by Medicare under the inpatient prospective payment system ("IPPS"). Under the IPPS, a hospital receives a fixed amount for inpatient hospital services based on each patient's final assigned Medicare-severity diagnosis related group ("MS-DRG"). Each MS-DRG is assigned a payment rate that is prospectively set by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services ("CMS") using national average resources used per case for treating a patient with a particular diagnosis. This assignment also affects the prospectively determined capital rate paid with each MS-DRG. MS-DRG and capital payments are adjusted by a predetermined geographic adjustment factor assigned to the geographic area in which the hospital is located. The index used to adjust the MS-DRG rates, known as the "hospital market basket index," gives consideration to the inflation experienced by hospitals in purchasing goods and services.
On August 1, 2024, CMS published the IPPS final rule for federal fiscal year ("FFY") 2025, which began on October 1, 2024. Under the FFY 2025 final rule, rates for inpatient stays in hospitals paid under the IPPS that successfully report certain quality data under the Hospital Inpatient Quality Reporting ("IQR") Program and demonstrate meaningful use of certified electronic health record ("EHR") technology will be increased by 2.9%. Those hospitals that do not successfully report quality data under the IQR Program (but are meaningful EHR users) would be subject to a one-fourth reduction in their annual payment update. In addition to the IQR Program, hospitals will be subject to payment adjustments under the Value Based Purchasing Program, Readmissions Reduction Program and Hospital Acquired Conditions Reduction Programs that have been implemented by the Department of Health and Human Services ("HHS").
Medicare Reimbursement - Hospital Outpatient Departments
Surgical services that are provided in hospital outpatient departments ("HOPDs") generally are reimbursed by CMS using the Outpatient Prospective Payment System (the "OPPS"). The OPPS, established by the Secretary of HHS, determines payment amounts prospectively (generally the following calendar year) for various categories of medical services performed in HOPDs. On November 1, 2024, CMS published its OPPS final rule for 2025. The final rule provides for a payment rate increase of 2.9%. Hospitals that do not meet the reporting requirements of the Medicare Hospital Outpatient Quality Reporting Program will be subject to a 2.0% payment rate decrease. 
As a result of legislative changes related to off-campus HOPDs, certain off-campus HOPDs that began billing under the OPPS (or underwent certain changes) on or after November 2, 2015 are no longer paid for most services under the OPPS. Instead, these facilities are paid under the Medicare Physician Fee Schedule ("MPFS"), which typically results in lower reimbursements. Services provided in a dedicated emergency department are still paid under the OPPS. This change has not significantly affected reimbursement to any of our HOPDs, but we cannot assure you that our HOPDs will not be impacted in the future.
Medicare Reimbursement - ASCs
    Payments under the Medicare program to ASCs are also made based on the OPPS; however, the payment received from CMS is a percentage of the payment to HOPDs. Reimbursement rates for ASCs are updated annually based on changes in the consumer price index offset by multifactor productivity adjustments. Based on the OPPS Final Rule, ASC reimbursement rates will increase by 2.9% for 2025. CMS has established the Ambulatory Surgical Center for Quality Reporting ("ASCQR") Program as a pay-for-reporting, quality data program. Our ASCs that participate in the ASCQR Program receive the full annual update to the ASC payment rate. Those ASCs that do not successfully report quality data under the ASCQR Program may receive a payment reduction.
Annual Cost Reports
Hospitals participating in Medicare and Medicaid programs, whether paid on a reasonable cost basis or under a prospective payment system, may be required to meet certain financial reporting requirements. Federal and, where applicable, state regulations require submission of annual cost reports identifying medical costs and expenses associated with the services provided by each hospital to Medicare beneficiaries and Medicaid recipients. Annual cost reports required under the Medicare and Medicaid programs are subject to routine governmental audits. These audits may result in adjustments to the amounts ultimately determined to be payable to us under these 
3
Table of Contents
reimbursement programs. Finalization of these audits often takes several years. Providers may appeal any final determination made in connection with an audit. While ASCs are not currently subject to federal cost reporting requirements, it is possible that such requirements, which could be costly for us, will be implemented by CMS in the future.
Acquisition and Development Programs
Acquisition Program. 
In addition to our operational strategy, we continuously evaluate opportunities to expand our presence in the surgical facility market by making strategic acquisitions of existing surgical facilities and by developing new surgical facilities in cooperation with local physician partners and, when appropriate, health care systems and other strategic partners. We generally structure our partnerships where either we are a majority owner partnered with physicians or we are a minority owner with buy-up rights. These buy-up rights give us the option to own a controlling interest at some point in the future. Alternatively, we may choose to pursue a strategic relationship with physicians and a health care system.
We employ a dedicated acquisition team with experience in health care services. Our team seeks to acquire surgical facilities that meet our criteria, including prominence and quality of physician partners, specialty mix, opportunities for growth, level of competition in the local market, level of private insurance penetration and our ability to access private insurance contracts. We carefully evaluate each of our acquisition opportunities through an extensive due diligence process to determine which facilities have the greatest potential for growth and profitability improvements under our operating structure. Our team may also identify opportunities to attract additional physicians to increase the acquired facility’s revenues and profitability.  
Development Program. 
We develop surgical facilities in markets that we identify as having substantial interest by physicians and payors. We have experience in developing both single and multi-specialty surgical facilities. When we develop a new surgical facility, we generally provide all of the services necessary to complete the project. We offer in-house capabilities for structuring partnerships and financing facilities and work with architects and construction firms in the design and development of surgical facilities. Before and during the development phase of a new surgical facility, we analyze the competitive environment in the local market, review market data to identify appropriate services to provide, prepare and analyze financial forecasts, evaluate regulatory and licensing issues and assist in designing the surgical facility and identifying appropriate equipment to purchase or lease. After a surgical facility is developed, we typically provide general startup operational support, including information systems, equipment procurement and financing.  
Marketing
We primarily direct our sales and marketing efforts at physicians who would utilize our surgical facilities. Marketing activities directed at physicians and other health care providers are coordinated locally by the individual surgical facility and are supplemented by dedicated corporate personnel. These activities generally emphasize the benefits offered by our surgical facilities compared to other facilities in the market, such as the proximity of our surgical facilities to physicians’ offices, the ability to schedule consecutive cases without preemption by inpatient or emergency procedures, the efficient turnaround time between cases, our advanced surgical equipment and our simplified administrative procedures. Although the facility administrator is the primary point of contact, physicians who utilize our surgical facilities are important sources of recommendations to other physicians regarding the benefits of using our surgical facilities. Recruiting teams develop a target list of physicians, and we continually review our progress in successfully recruiting additional local physicians.
We also market our surgical facilities directly to private insurance payors via our contracting and credentialing programs. Payor marketing activities conducted by our corporate office management and facility administrators emphasize the high quality of care, cost advantages and convenience of our surgical facilities, and are focused on making each surgical facility an approved provider under local managed care plans.
Competition
In each market in which we operate a surgical facility, we compete with hospitals and operators of other surgical facilities to attract physicians and patients. We believe that the competitive factors that affect our surgical facilities’ ability to compete for physicians are convenience of location of the surgical facilities, quality of care offered, convenience of scheduling, professionalism and cleanliness of facilities, access to capital and participation in private insurance programs. In addition, we believe our national prominence, scale and reputation are instrumental in attracting physicians. We believe that our surgical facilities attract patients based upon our quality of care, the specialties and reputations of the physicians who operate in our surgical facilities, participation in managed care programs, ease of access and convenient scheduling and registration procedures.
In developing or acquiring existing surgical facilities, we compete with other public and private surgical facility and hospital companies. Several large national companies own and/or manage surgical facilities, in some cases in connection with other lines of business with which we do not compete, including HCA Healthcare, Inc., AMSURG Corp., Tenet Healthcare Corporation and Optum, Inc. We also face competition from local hospitals, physicians and other providers who may compete with us in the ownership and operation of surgical facilities, as well as the trend of physicians choosing to perform procedures in an office-based setting rather than in a surgical facility.
Seasonality 
Our revenue fluctuates based on the number of business days in each calendar quarter, because the majority of services provided by physicians in our surgical facilities consist of scheduled procedures and office visits that occur during weekday business hours. In addition, 
4
Table of Contents
revenue in the fourth quarter could also be impacted by an increased utilization of services due to annual deductibles which are not usually met until later in the year and also as patients utilize their health care benefits before they expire at year-end.
Human Capital Resources
At December 31, 2024, we had approximately 15,000 employees, including full-time and part-time employees. None of our employees are represented by a collective bargaining agreement. Our mission is to enhance patient quality of life through partnership. We appreciate that our colleagues are key to creating value and believe that we have a good relationship with them. We are subject to various state and federal laws that regulate wages, hours, benefits and other terms and conditions relating to employment. 
We have established, and continue to enhance and refine, a comprehensive set of practices for engaging, recruiting, developing, managing and optimizing the human resources of our organization. In general, we seek to attract, develop and retain an engaged workforce and improve talent management processes accordingly. We offer a competitive range of compensation and benefit programs. We also are committed to the health and safety of our patients, employees, and medical staff. Our code of conduct promotes integrity, accountability and transparency, among other high ethical standards and a focus on employee welfare.
Our surgical facilities are staffed by licensed physicians, and our operations are dependent on the efforts, abilities and experience of our physicians and clinical personnel. We generally do not enter into contracts with physicians who use our surgical facilities, other than partnership and operating agreements with physicians who own interests in our surgical facilities, agreements for anesthesiology services and medical director agreements. Most physicians are not employees of our surgical facilities and are not contractually required to use our facilities. Physicians who use our surgical facilities also use other facilities or hospitals and may choose to perform procedures in an office-based setting that might otherwise be performed at our surgical facilities. We compete with other health care providers, primarily hospitals and other surgical facilities, in attracting physicians to utilize our surgical facilities, nurses and medical staff to support our surgical facilities, recruiting and retaining qualified management and support personnel responsible for the daily operations of each of our facilities.
Our surgical facilities, like most healthcare providers, have experienced rising labor costs. In several markets, nurse and medical support personnel availability has become a significant operating issue to healthcare providers. To address this challenge, we have implemented several initiatives to improve engagement, retention, recruiting, compensation programs and productivity. We may be required to continue to enhance wages and benefits to recruit and retain nurses and other medical support personnel or to hire more expensive temporary or contract personnel. As a result, our labor costs could continue to increase. We also depend on the available labor pool of semi-skilled and unskilled employees in each of the markets in which we operate.
We believe our colleagues are vital contributors to our success. We devote significant resources to attract, develop, retain and accelerate our workforce. We strive to live all our values, including demonstrating compassion and kindness in all that we do. We are committed to promoting an inclusive and kind culture through diversity of thoughts and backgrounds, recognizing the value these experiences bring to our colleagues, physicians, patients and communities. We believe this creates an engaged workforce that feels a sense of belonging in the wonderful work they carry out for patients and communities alongside colleagues and providers.
Environmental
We are subject to various federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment and human health and safety, including those governing the management and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes, the cleanup of contaminated sites and the maintenance of a safe workplace. Our operations include the use, generation and disposal of hazardous materials. We may, in the future, incur liability under environmental statutes and regulations with respect to contamination of sites we own or operate (including contamination caused by prior owners or operators of such sites, adjoining properties or other persons) and the off-site disposal of hazardous substances. We believe that we have been and are in substantial compliance with the terms of all applicable environmental laws and regulations and that we have no liabilities under environmental requirements that we would expect to have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition (including our capital expenditures, earnings and competitive position).
Insurance
We maintain liability insurance in amounts that we believe are appropriate for our operations. Currently, we maintain professional, general and workers' compensation liability insurance in excess of self-insured retentions through third party commercial insurance carriers. We also maintain cyber insurance, business interruption insurance and property damage insurance. Coverage under certain of these policies is contingent upon the policy being in effect when a claim is made regardless of when the events which caused the claim occurred.
In addition, physicians who provide professional services in our surgical facilities are required to maintain separate malpractice coverage with defined minimum coverage limits. While we believe that our insurance policies are adequate in amount and coverage for our operations, we make no assurances that the insurance coverage is sufficient to cover all future claims or will continue to be available in adequate amounts or at a reasonable cost.
Private Insurance Payors
Most private third-party payors reimburse us for services pursuant to written contracts. These contracts generally require that we offer discounts from our established charges. In rare cases our payments come from private insurance payors with which we do not have written contracts. In those situations, commonly known as "out-of-network" services, we generally charge the patients the same co-payment or other patient responsibility amounts that we would have charged had we had a contract with the private insurance payor. We also submit a 
5
Table of Contents
claim for the services to the private insurance payor along with full disclosure that we have charged the patient an in-network patient responsibility amount.
Governmental Regulation
General
We are subject to federal, state and local laws dealing with issues such as occupational safety, employment, medical leave, insurance regulations, civil rights, discrimination, building codes and medical waste and other environmental issues. Federal, state and local governments are expanding the regulatory requirements on businesses like ours. The imposition of these regulatory requirements may have the effect of increasing operating costs and reducing the profitability of our operations. 
Certificates of Need, Licensure and Accreditation
Capital expenditures for the construction of new health care facilities, the addition of beds or new health care services or the acquisition of existing health care facilities may be reviewable by state regulators under statutory programs that are sometimes referred to as certificate of need laws. States with certificate of need laws restrict or otherwise require prior authorization for the construction and acquisition of health care facilities and the expansion of existing facilities and services. In these states, approvals, generally known as certificates of need, are required for capital expenditures exceeding certain preset monetary thresholds for the development, acquisition and/or expansion of certain facilities or services, including, in certain of these states, surgical facilities. Certificate of need laws are being challenged in many states across the country and any future changes could have positive and negative impacts on our business. We currently operate in 22 states that have certificate of need laws. 
Our surgical facilities are subject to state licensing requirements. Although our surgical hospitals primarily or exclusively provide surgical services, they must meet all applicable requirements for general hospital licensure. In addition, based on the specific operations of our surgical facilities, some of these facilities maintain a pharmacy license, a controlled substance registration, a clinical laboratory certification waiver, and environmental protection permits for biohazards and/or radioactive materials, as required by applicable law. The failure to comply with these regulations and applicable licensing requirements could result in the suspension or revocation of a facility’s license. 
As of December 31, 2024, the majority of our facilities were accredited by either The Joint Commission or the Accreditation Association for Ambulatory Health Care, two of the major national organizations that establish standards relating to the physical plant, administration, quality of patient care and operation of medical staffs of various types of health care facilities. The effect of accreditation by these organizations is to exempt the facilities from routine surveys by state agencies to determine compliance with CMS requirements. These accredited facilities are subject to periodic surveys by the accrediting organization to ensure that they are in compliance with the applicable standards. Many private insurance health plans require our facilities to be accredited by one or both of these organizations in order to be participating providers. Failure to maintain accreditation would cause a facility to become subject to state survey agency oversight and potentially subject to increased scrutiny by CMS, and could result in a loss of payment from private insurance health plans.
Affordable Care Act Repeal Efforts 
Initiatives to repeal or modify the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (the "Affordable Care Act") have persisted over the past several years. As an example, the Tax and Jobs Act of 2017 effectively eliminated the tax penalty associated with the so-called "individual mandate," which required most individuals to obtain qualifying health insurance coverage or pay a tax penalty. As of December 31, 2024, however, further legislative efforts to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act in full have not been successful. Nevertheless, we are unable to guarantee that future efforts, such as the adoption of any future federal or state health care reform legislation, or any ruling by a court with respect to the Affordable Care Act, will not have a negative financial impact on the Company.
Medicare and Medicaid Participation 
The majority of our revenue is derived from third-party payors, including federal and state health care programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, and private insurance payors. Continued participation in these programs, and in particular Medicare, is dependent on our continued compliance with regulations promulgated by HHS. 
Federal law contains numerous provisions designed to ensure that services rendered by hospitals to Medicare and Medicaid patients meet professionally recognized standards, are medically necessary and that claims for reimbursement are properly filed. These provisions include a requirement that a sampling of admissions of Medicare and Medicaid patients must be reviewed by quality improvement organizations, which review the appropriateness of patient admissions and discharges, the quality of care provided, the validity of MS-DRG classifications and the appropriateness of cases of extraordinary length of stay or cost. Additionally, CMS has implemented a number of programs that use private contractors that contract with CMS to identify overpayments and underpayments and other potential sources of billing fraud. Our facilities and providers periodically receive letters from auditors contracted with CMS requesting repayment of alleged overpayments for services and incur expenses associated with responding to and appealing these determinations, as well as the costs of repaying any overpayments. Although all such repayments requested to date have been immaterial, we are unable to quantify the aggregate financial impact of these audits on our facilities given the pending appeals and uncertainty about the extent of future audits. 
6
Table of Contents
Federal Anti-Kickback Statute and Medicare Fraud and Abuse Laws 
The Social Security Act of 1935 includes provisions addressing false statements, illegal remuneration and other instances of fraud and abuse in federal health care programs. These provisions include the statute commonly known as the federal Anti-Kickback statute (the "Anti-Kickback Statute"). The Anti-Kickback statute prohibits providers and others from, among other things, soliciting, receiving, offering or paying, directly or indirectly, any remuneration in return for either making a referral for, or ordering or arranging for, or recommending the order of, any item or service covered by a federal health care program, including, but not limited to, the Medicare and Medicaid programs. Violations of the Anti-Kickback Statute are criminal offenses punishable by imprisonment and fines of up to $100,000 for each violation. Civil violations are punishable by fines of up to $50,000 for each violation, as well as damages of up to three times the total amount of remuneration received from the government for health care claims. Violations may further result in civil monetary penalties and exclusion from state and federal health care programs. An arrangement may violate the Anti-Kickback Statute even if only one purpose – as opposed to the primary purpose – of the arrangement is to induce referrals. Specific intent to violate the statute is not required for a violation to occur.
Under regulations issued by the Office of the Inspector General of HHS (the "OIG"), certain types of arrangements involving remuneration are deemed not to violate the Anti-Kickback Statute (commonly referred to as the safe harbors). The safe harbor regulations outline standards that, if complied with, protect conduct that might otherwise be deemed in violation of the Anti-Kickback Statute. The failure of a particular business arrangement to comply with a safe harbor does not determine whether the arrangement violates the Anti-Kickback Statute. Instead, when a transaction or relationship does not fit within a safe harbor, the facts and circumstances as well as the intent of the parties related to a specific transaction or relationship must be examined to determine whether or not any illegal conduct has occurred.
Physician-owners of our surgical facilities are in a position to generate referrals to the facilities, potentially subjecting the distribution of available cash to those investors to scrutiny under the Anti-Kickback Statute. Because the ownership and operations of our surgical facilities may not fit wholly within any of the safe harbors, we attempt to structure our surgical facilities, and in particular our ASCs, to fit as closely as possible within the safe harbor designed to protect distributions to physician-investors in ASCs who directly refer patients to the ASC and personally perform the procedures at the center as an extension of their practice (the "ASC Safe Harbor"). However, we believe that the ownership and operations of our surgical facilities will not fully satisfy the ASC Safe Harbor requirements for investment interests in ASCs because, among other things, we or one of our subsidiaries will generally be an investor in and provide management services to each ASC. While we believe our ASCs would nonetheless be found to be compliant with the Anti-Kickback Statute, we cannot assure you that the OIG would view our activities favorably even though we strive to achieve compliance with the remaining elements of this safe harbor. 
In addition, although we expect each physician-investor to utilize the ASCs as an extension of his or her practice and ask each physician-investor to certify this practice, we cannot assure you that all physician-investors will do so in a manner consistent with the requirements of the ASC Safe Harbor. Interests in our ASC joint ventures are purchased at what we believe to be fair market value. Investors who purchase at a later time generally pay more for a given percentage interest than founding investors. The result is that while all investors are paid distributions in accordance with their ownership interests, for ASCs where there are later purchases, we cannot meet the safe harbor requirement that return on investment is directly proportional to the amount of capital investment. The OIG has on several occasions reviewed investments relating to ASCs, and in Advisory Opinion No. 07-05 (June 19, 2007), raised concerns that (a) purchases of interests from physicians might yield gains on investment rather than capital infusion to the ASCs, (b) such purchases could be meant to reward or influence the selling physicians’ referrals to the ASC or the hospital, and (c) such returns might not be directly proportional to the amount of capital invested. For similar reasons, our hospital investments do not fit wholly within the safe harbor for investments in small entities because certain of the investment interests are held by investors who are either in a position to refer to the hospital or who provide services to the hospital and because the hospital’s gross revenues are derived from referrals generated by those investors. However, we believe our surgical facilities comply with the remaining elements of their respective safe harbors.
Our financial relationships with potential referral sources could potentially be scrutinized under the Anti-Kickback Statute. We have entered into management agreements to manage the majority of our surgical facilities and physician practices. Most of these agreements call for our subsidiary to be paid a percentage of revenue-based management fee. Although there is a safe harbor for personal services and management contracts (the "Personal Services and Management Safe Harbor"), the Personal Services and Management Safe Harbor requires, among other things, that the amount of the aggregate compensation paid to the manager over the term of the agreement be set in advance. Because our management fees are generally based on a percentage of revenue, our management agreements do not typically meet this requirement. We do, however, believe that our management arrangements satisfy the other requirements of the Personal Services and Management Safe Harbor for personal services and management contracts. The OIG has taken the position in several advisory opinions that percentage-based management agreements are not protected by a safe harbor, and consequently, may violate the Anti-Kickback Statute. We have implemented formal compliance programs designed to safeguard against overbilling and believe that our management agreements comply with the requirements of the Anti-Kickback Statute. However, we cannot assure you that the OIG would find our compliance programs to be adequate or that our management agreements would be found to comply with the Anti-Kickback Statute.
Certain of our ASCs have entered into arrangements for professional services, including arrangements for anesthesia services. In a Special Advisory Bulletin issued in April 2003, the OIG focused on "questionable" contractual arrangements where a health care provider in one line of business (the "Owner") expands into a related health care business by contracting with an existing provider of a related item or service (the "Manager/Supplier") to provide the new item or service to the Owner’s existing patient population, including federal health 
7
Table of Contents
care program patients (so called "suspect Contractual Joint Ventures"). The Manager/Supplier not only manages the new line of business, but may also supply it with inventory, employees, space, billing, and other services. In other words, the Owner contracts out substantially the entire operation of the related line of business to the Manager/Supplier-otherwise a potential competitor-receiving in return the profits of the business as remuneration for its referrals. Through an Advisory Opinion, the OIG extended this suspect contractual joint venture analysis to arrangements between anesthesiologists and physician owners of ASCs. In Advisory Opinion No. 12-06 (May 25, 2012), the OIG concluded that certain proposed arrangements between anesthesia groups and physician-owned ASCs could result in prohibited remuneration under the federal Anti-Kickback Statute. We believe our arrangements for anesthesia services are distinguishable from those described in Advisory Opinion 12-06 (May 25, 2012) and are in compliance with the requirements of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute. However, we cannot assure you that regulatory authorities would agree with that position. 
We also may guarantee a surgical facility’s third-party debt financing and certain lease obligations as part of our obligations under a management agreement. Physician investors are generally not required to enter into similar guarantees. The OIG might take the position that the failure of the physician investors to enter into similar guarantees represents a special benefit to the physician investors given to induce patient referrals and that such failure constitutes a violation of the Anti-Kickback Statute. We believe that the management fees (and in some cases guarantee fees) are adequate compensation to us for the credit risk associated with the guarantees and that the failure of the physician investors to enter into similar guarantees does not create a material risk of violating the Anti-Kickback Statute. However, the OIG has not issued any guidance in this regard. 
Evolving interpretations of current, or the adoption of new, federal or state laws or regulations could affect many of our arrangements. Law enforcement authorities, including the OIG, the courts and Congress, are increasing their scrutiny of arrangements between health care providers and potential referral sources to ensure that the arrangements are not designed as a mechanism to exchange remuneration for patient care referrals or opportunities. Investigators have also demonstrated a willingness to look behind the formalities of a business transaction to determine the underlying purposes of payments between health care providers and potential referral sources.  
Federal Physician Self-Referral Law 
The federal physician self-referral law (the "Stark Law") prohibits physicians (as well as chiropractors, optometrists, dentists and podiatrists) from referring patients to an entity with which the practitioner or a member of his or her immediate family has a "financial relationship" for the provision of certain "designated health services" that are paid for in whole or in part by Medicare or Medicaid unless an exception applies. "Designated health services" include inpatient and outpatient hospital services, clinical laboratory services and radiology services. The term "financial relationship" is broadly defined and includes most types of ownership and compensation relationships. The Stark Law also prohibits the entity from seeking payment from Medicare or Medicaid for services that are rendered through a prohibited referral. If an entity is paid for services provided through a prohibited referral, it may be required to refund the payments. Violations of the Stark Law may also result in the imposition of damages equal to three times the amount improperly claimed and civil monetary penalties of up to $15,000 per prohibited claim and $100,000 per prohibited circumvention scheme and exclusion from participation in the Medicare and Medicaid programs.
Notably, "designated health services" does not include surgical services that are provided in an ASC. Furthermore, Stark Law regulations specifically define the term "designated health services" to not include services that are reimbursed by Medicare as part of a composite rate, such as services that are provided in an ASC. However, if designated health services are provided by an ASC and separately billed, referrals to the ASC by a physician-investor would be prohibited by the Stark Law. Because our facilities that are licensed as ASCs do not have independent laboratories and do not provide designated health services apart from surgical services, we do not believe referrals to these facilities by physician-investors are prohibited. If legislation or regulations are implemented that prohibit physicians from referring patients to surgical facilities in which the physician has a beneficial interest, our business and financial results could be materially adversely affected. 
The Stark Law currently includes the Whole Hospital Exception, as modified by the Affordable Care Act, which governs physician ownership of a hospital and requires, among other things, that such ownership is in the whole hospital, the physician is authorized to perform services at the hospital, and the ownership predates December 31, 2010. We believe that physician investments in our facilities licensed as hospitals meet the requirements of the Whole Hospital Exception. We cannot predict whether amendments to the Whole Hospital Exception will be included in any future legislation, including a repeal of the Affordable Care Act, or if Congress will adopt any similar provisions that would prohibit or otherwise restrict physicians from holding ownership interests in hospitals. Any such changes could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
State Regulation
Many of the states in which our surgical facilities operate have adopted statutes and/or regulations that prohibit the payment of kickbacks or any type of remuneration in exchange for patient referrals and that prohibit health care providers from, in certain circumstances, referring a patient to a health care facility in which the provider has an ownership or investment interest. While these statutes generally mirror the federal Anti-Kickback Statute and Stark Law, they vary widely in their scope and application. Some are specifically limited to health care services that are paid for in whole or in part by the Medicaid program; others apply to all health care services regardless of payor; and others apply only to state-defined designated services, which may differ from the designated health services under the Stark Law. In addition, many states have adopted statutes that mirror the False Claims Act and that prohibit the filing of a false or fraudulent claim with a state governmental agency. We intend to comply with all applicable state health care laws, rules and regulations. However, these laws, rules and regulations have typically been the subject of limited judicial and regulatory interpretation. As 
8
Table of Contents
a result, we cannot assure you that our surgical facilities will not be investigated or scrutinized by the governmental authorities empowered to do so or, if challenged, that their activities would be found to be lawful. A determination of non-compliance with the applicable state health care laws, rules, and regulations could subject our surgical facilities to civil and criminal penalties and could have a material adverse effect on our operations.
Federal and State Privacy and Security Requirements 
We are subject to the Medicare Patient and Program Protection Act of 1987, as amended by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (“HIPAA”), including the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act (the "HITECH Act"), which was enacted as part of The American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009. The HITECH Act strengthened the requirements and significantly increased the penalties for violations of the HIPAA privacy and security regulations. The HIPAA privacy standards apply to individually identifiable information held or disclosed by a covered entity in any form, whether communicated electronically, on paper or orally. These standards require our compliance with rules governing the use and disclosure of this health information. They create rights for patients in their health information and they require us to impose these rules, by contract, on any business associate to whom we disclose such information in order to perform functions on our behalf. The HIPAA security standards require us to establish and maintain reasonable and appropriate administrative, technical and physical safeguards to ensure the integrity, confidentiality and the availability of electronic protected health and related financial information. Although the security standards do not reference or advocate a specific technology, and covered health care providers, plans and clearinghouses have the flexibility to choose their own technical solutions, the security standards have required us to implement significant new systems, business procedures and training programs. 
Violations of the HIPAA privacy and security regulations may result in civil and criminal penalties. The HITECH Act strengthened the requirements of the HIPAA privacy and security regulations and significantly increased the penalties for violations by introducing a tiered penalty system, with penalties of up to $50,000 per violation with a maximum civil penalty of $1.5 million in a calendar year for violations of the same requirement. However, a single breach incident can result in violations of multiple requirements, resulting in possible penalties well in excess of $1.5 million. The HITECH Act authorizes State Attorneys General to bring civil actions seeking either an injunction or damages in response to violations of HIPAA privacy and security regulations. We expect vigorous enforcement of the HITECH Act’s requirements by HHS and State Attorneys General. HHS has allocated increased funding towards HIPAA enforcement activity and such enforcement activity has seen a marked increase over recent years. We cannot predict whether our surgical facilities will be able to comply with future rules and are unable to predict the financial impact to our surgical facilities in implementing the requirements under such rules if and when they take effect. 
Our facilities also remain subject to any state laws that relate to privacy or the reporting of data breaches that are more restrictive than the regulations issued under HIPAA and the requirements of the HITECH Act. For example, various state laws and regulations may require us to notify affected individuals in the event of a data breach involving certain personal information, such as social security numbers, dates of birth and credit card information. 
In response to the increasing number of cyberattacks targeting the healthcare sector, HHS issued a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking on January 6. 2025 aimed at enhancing HIPAA security regulations. If these proposed regulatory changes are enacted, our surgical facilities will need to comply with the new security standards, potentially incurring significant costs to implement necessary changes. 
Emergency Medical Treatment and Active Labor Act 
Our surgical hospitals are subject to the Emergency Medical Treatment and Active Labor Act ("EMTALA"). This federal law requires any hospital that participates in the Medicare program to conduct an appropriate medical screening examination of every person who presents to the hospital’s emergency department for treatment and, if the patient is suffering from an emergency medical condition, to either stabilize that condition or make an appropriate transfer of the patient to a facility that can handle the condition. The obligation to screen and stabilize emergency medical conditions or transfer exists regardless of a patient’s ability to pay for treatment. Off-campus facilities such as surgery centers that lack emergency departments or otherwise do not treat emergency medical conditions generally are not subject to EMTALA. They must, however, have policies in place that explain how the location should proceed in an emergency situation, such as transferring the patient to the closest hospital with an emergency department. There are severe penalties under EMTALA if a hospital fails to screen or appropriately stabilize or transfer a patient or if the hospital delays appropriate treatment in order to first inquire about the patient’s ability to pay, including civil monetary penalties and exclusion from participation in the government health care programs. In addition, an injured patient, the patient’s family or a medical facility that suffers a financial loss as a direct result of another hospital’s violation of the law can bring a civil suit against that other hospital. CMS has actively enforced EMTALA and has indicated that it will continue to do so in the future. We believe that our surgical hospitals comply with EMTALA. With respect to our hospitals that do not have an emergency room, those hospitals maintain a protocol for the transfer of patients requiring emergency treatment. While we believe such protocols satisfy CMS requirements, we are unable to guarantee that CMS would not interpret such protocols to be inconsistent with EMTALA requirements, potentially jeopardizing each facility's participation in the Medicare program.
Clinical Laboratory Regulation 
Our clinical laboratories are subject to federal oversight under the Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments of 1988 ("CLIA") which extends federal oversight to virtually all clinical laboratories by requiring that they be certified by the federal government or by a federally-approved accreditation agency. CLIA requires that all clinical laboratories meet quality assurance, quality control and personnel 
9
Table of Contents
standards. Laboratories also must undergo proficiency testing and are subject to inspections. Standards for testing under CLIA are based on the complexity of the tests performed by the laboratory, with tests classified as "high complexity," "moderate complexity," or "waived." Laboratories performing high complexity testing are required to meet more stringent requirements than moderate complexity laboratories. Laboratories performing only waived tests, which are tests determined by the Food and Drug Administration to have a low potential for error and requiring little oversight, may apply for a certificate of waiver exempting them from most of the requirements of CLIA. Our operations also subject to state and local laboratory regulation. CLIA provides that a state may adopt laboratory regulations different from or more stringent than those under federal law, and a number of states have implemented their own laboratory regulatory requirements. State laws may require that laboratory personnel meet certain qualifications, specify certain quality controls, or require maintenance of certain records. We believe that we are in material compliance with all applicable laboratory requirements, but no assurances can be given that our laboratories will pass all future licensure or certification inspections.
Regulatory Compliance Program 
We have in place and continue to enhance a company-wide compliance program that focuses on all areas of regulatory compliance including billing, reimbursement, cost reporting practices and contractual arrangements with referral sources. 
This regulatory compliance program is intended to help ensure that high standards of conduct are maintained in the operation of our business and that policies and procedures are implemented so that employees act in compliance with applicable laws, regulations and company policies. Under the regulatory compliance program, every employee and certain contractors involved in patient care, and coding and billing, receive initial and periodic legal compliance and ethics training. In addition, we regularly monitor our ongoing compliance efforts and develop and implement policies and procedures designed to foster compliance with the law. The program also includes a mechanism for employees to report, without fear of retaliation, any suspected legal or ethical violations to their supervisors, designated compliance officers in our facilities, our compliance hotline or directly to our corporate compliance office. We believe our compliance program is consistent with standard industry practices. However, we cannot provide any assurances that our compliance program will detect all violations of law or protect against 
qui tam
 suits or government enforcement actions. 
Where You Can Find More Information

We make available on or through the "Investors-SEC Filings" page of our website at www.surgerypartners.com, free of charge, copies of reports, such as Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports (along with certain other Company filings with the SEC), as soon as reasonably practicable after electronically filing such material with, or furnishing it to, the SEC. The information found on, or otherwise accessible through, our website is not incorporated by reference into, nor does it form a part of, this Annual Report or any other document that we file with the SEC.
10
Table of Contents