Item 3.

Legal Proceedings

29

Item 4.

Mine Safety Disclosures

30

PART II

Item 5.

Market for the Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

30

Item 6.

Selected Financial Data

31

Item 7.

Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

33

Item 7A.

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

68

Item 8.

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

70

Item 9.

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure

147

Item 9A.

Controls and Procedures

147

Item 9B.

Other Information

147

Item 9C.

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections

147

PART III

Item 10.

Directors, Executive Officers of the Registrant and Corporate Governance

148

Item 11.

Executive Compensation

148

Item 12.

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters

148

Item 13.

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence

148

Item 14.

Principal Accounting Fees and Services

148

PART IV

Item 15.

Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules

148

Item 16.

Summary

149

SIGNATURES

153

2

Forward-Looking Statements

Certain statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  You can identify forward-looking statements by words such as “may,” “hope,” “will,” “should,” “expect,” “plan,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “believe,” “estimate,” “predict,” “project,” “potential,” “seek,” “continue,” “could,” “would,” “future” or the negative of those terms or other words of similar meaning.  You should read statements that contain these words carefully because they discuss our future expectations or state other “forward-looking” information. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements relating to anticipated future operating and financial performance measures, including net interest margin, credit quality, business initiatives, growth opportunities and growth rates, among other things, and encompass any estimate, prediction, expectation, projection, opinion, anticipation, outlook or statement of belief included therein as well as the management assumptions underlying these forward-looking statements.  You should be aware that the occurrence of the events described under the caption