Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K under “Risks Related to the Operation and Growth of Our Business.”
22

Table of Contents
Management Oversight
Our IT infrastructure and the assessment and management of associated risks are primarily the 
responsibility
 of our 
Chief Information Security Officer (“CISO”)
. Our CISO’s additional responsibilities include hiring appropriate personnel, helping to integrate cybersecurity risks into the Company’s overall risk management strategy, and communicating updates regarding IT/Information security key priorities to relevant personnel including management and the board.
Our CISO has served in that position since 2018. Our CISO has extensive experience serving in executive and senior IT leadership positions over the past 25 years including eleven years at Cavium in a succession of information technology roles, including vice president of business systems, two years at ServiceNow as vice president of IT Applications, and eight years overseeing worldwide IT infrastructure, IT operations and information security at Pinnacle Systems.
We have in place an Incident Response Procedure policy to define our response to unauthorized network intrusions or other significant information security incidents, collectively cybersecurity incidents. The policy defines the standard operational process to determine if an event observed on a system could have caused a breach of the system or a compromise of sensitive data. This policy serves to establish a formal process to report incidents and track response activities. It also defines escalation processes within the Information Security team and further escalation to our Cybersecurity Incident Response Team. It is the responsibility of the Cybersecurity Incident Response team to determine if an incident is material. The Cybersecurity Incident Response Team consists of members from functional groups across our organization including executive management, IT, the CISO, legal, finance and operations. We may include other individuals, including third parties, as appropriate depending on the nature of the incident and system(s) involved. This cross-functional group allows us to address the operational impacts of cybersecurity incidents as and when they occur and to guide decisions related to materiality and, if applicable, disclosure. The Cybersecurity Incident Response Team is responsible for extrapolating cybersecurity incident event information into quantitative and qualitative impacts as they relate to our financial condition and operations. 
In addition, the Company’s Incident Response Procedure policy includes 
reporting
 to the board of directors for certain cybersecurity incidents.
Board Governance 
Our full board of directors oversees our risk management including but not limited to IT and cybersecurity policies, procedures, and risk assessments. 
Our management reports to our board of directors on information security matters on a quarterly basis, or more frequently as needed.
One of the key functions of our board of directors is informed oversight of our various processes for managing risk. An overall review of risk is inherent in our board of directors ongoing consideration of our long-term strategies, transactions and other matters presented to and discussed by the board of directors. This includes a discussion of the likelihood and potential magnitude of various risks, including cybersecurity risks, and any actions management has taken to limit, monitor or control those risks. 
At each quarterly board meeting, the full board receives the quarterly cybersecurity board update that is prepared by our CISO. The report provides a comprehensive cybersecurity update for the past quarter, usually including topics such as details on threat landscape, incident response, security metrics and performance, compliance and regulatory updates, cybersecurity investments and budget, employee security awareness and trainings, vendor risk management updates, business continuity and disaster recovery updates, and an update on cybersecurity strategy, projects and roadmap.
​