Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Governance
•
Our board of directors addresses our cybersecurity risk management as part of its general oversight function.  
The Audit Committee helps oversee our cybersecurity risk management processes, including oversight of risks from cybersecurity threats.
•
The Information Governance Security Committee and the Audit Committee receive various reports from CISO and CIO.  
The CISO (or its designee) reports to the Audit Committee on cybersecurity risk on at least a quarterly basis.  Written reports and presentation materials regarding cybersecurity risk provided to the Audit Committee are made available to the board of directors and they can discuss the materials and cybersecurity risk with the Audit Committee members.
  The Internal Audit team oversees internal controls implemented by us under our information security program.

•
Our information security program is implemented and maintained by certain of our management, including the CISO, CIO and other members of our Information Security Governance Committee (Chief Legal Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Chief Privacy Officer).
•
The 
Information Security Governance Committee
 helps assess and manage our cybersecurity risks and monitor the effectiveness of our information security program and risk management.  Management, including those serving on our Information Security Governance Committee, is responsible for hiring appropriate cybersecurity personnel, helping to integrate cybersecurity considerations into our overall risk management strategy, providing appropriate resources for cybersecurity risk management, and communicating key priorities to relevant personnel.  Our cybersecurity incident response plan includes processes designed to escalate certain cybersecurity incidents that caused a significant impact to us to members of the Information Security Governance Committee, and certain members of executive management depending on the circumstances.  In addition, our incident response plan includes reporting to the Audit Committee for certain cybersecurity incidents, including those that have potentially had a material impact to us.
72
Table of Contents