Item 3.
Legal Proceedings
73
Item 4.
Mine Safety Disclosures
73
PART II
Item 5.
Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
74
Item 6.
Reserved

77
Item 7.
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
77
Item 7A.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
100
Item 8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
102
Item 9.
Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
102
Item 9A.
Controls and Procedures
102
Item 9B.
Other Information
104
Item 9C.
Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections
104
PART III
Item 10.
Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
104
Item 11.
Executive Compensation
105
Item 12.
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
105
Item 13.
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
105
Item 14.
Principal Accountant Fees and Services
105
PART IV
Item 15.
Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules
105
Item 16.
Form 10-K Summary
113
Signatures
114
2
Table of Contents
Defined Terms and Products 
Defined terms
We use several terms in this Form 10-K, including but not limited to those that are finance, regulation and disease-state related as well as names of other companies, which are given below.
Term
Description
2007 Directors Award Plan
2007 Non-Employee Directors Stock Award Plan
2011 Plan
2011 Equity Incentive Plan
2015 Credit Agreement
Credit agreement dated as of June 18, 2015 (as amended) among Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc, and certain of our other subsidiaries as borrowers, the lenders party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent
2024 Notes
1.50% exchangeable senior notes due 2024
2025 Proxy Statement
definitive proxy statement for our 2025 annual general meeting of shareholders
2026 Notes
2.00% exchangeable senior notes due 2026
2030 Notes
3.125% exchangeable senior notes due 2030
340B program
U.S. Public Health Service’s 340B program
ADR
administrative dispute resolution
ADS
American Depositary Shares
Aetna
Aetna Inc.
AFL Plan Lawsuit
On July 31, 2020, a class action lawsuit was filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York by the A.F. of L.-A.G.C. Building Trades Welfare Plan on behalf of itself and all others similarly situated, against Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc 
AG
authorized generic
AI
artificial intelligence
Alkem
Alkem Laboratories Ltd.
ALL
acute lymphoblastic leukemia
Amended Credit Agreement
Credit Agreement amended to include the Repricing Amendment No. 1, the Repricing Amendment No. 2 and Amendment No. 3
Amended Revolving Credit Facility
Revolving credit facility amended to increase the Initial Revolving Credit Facility to $885.0 million and extend the maturity date
Amended Revolving Facility Maturity Date
November 26, 2029
Amendment No. 3
amendment to the Credit Agreement entered into by Jazz Lux in November 2024
AML
acute myeloid leukemia
Amneal
Amneal Pharmaceuticals LLC
ANDA
abbreviated new drug application
API
active pharmaceutical ingredient
Ascent
Ascent Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
ASD
ASD Specialty Healthcare LLC
ASP
average sales price
ASU
Accounting Standards Update
Audit Committee
audit committee of our board of directors
Autifony
Autifony Therapeutics Limited
Avadel 
Avadel Pharmaceuticals plc
Axsome
Axsome Therapeutics, Inc.
Azur Merger
the merger of Jazz Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Azur Pharma in January 2012
Azur Pharma
Azur Pharma Public Limited Company
BCBS
Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association
BCBS Defendants
Roxane Laboratories, Inc., Hikma Pharmaceuticals USA Inc., Eurohealth (USA), Inc., Hikma Pharmaceuticals plc, Amneal Pharmaceuticals LLC, Par Pharmaceutical, Inc., Lupin Ltd., Lupin Pharmaceuticals Inc., and Lupin Inc.
3
Table of Contents
Term
Description
BCBS Lawsuit
On June 17, 2020, a class action lawsuit was filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois by BCBS against Company Defendants 
Biophore
Biophore Pharma, Inc. and Zenara Pharma Private Ltd.
BLA
Biologics License Application
BPCIA
Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act
BTC
biliary tract cancers
Cardinal
Cardinal Health, Inc.
CAT
Irish capital acquisitions tax
CBD
cannabidiol
Cencora
Cencora, Inc. (formerly named AmerisourceBergen Corporation)
cGMP
current Good Manufacturing Practices
CIO
Chief Information Officer
CISO
Chief Information Security Officer
City of Providence Defendants
Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc, and Roxane Laboratories, Inc., West-Ward Pharmaceuticals Corp., Hikma Labs Inc., Hikma Pharmaceuticals USA Inc., and Hikma Pharmaceuticals plc
Clinigen
Clinigen Group plc
CMS
U.S. Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services
Code
U.S. Internal Revenue Code
CODM
chief operating decision maker
COG
Children’s Oncology Group
Company Defendants
Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc, Jazz Pharmaceuticals, Inc., and Jazz Pharmaceuticals Ireland Limited
ConcERTos
Employee Resource Teams
COSO framework
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013)
CREATES
Creating and Restoring Equal Access To Equivalent Samples Act
Credit Agreement
Credit Agreement entered into on May 5, 2021, by and among us, Jazz Lux, and certain of our other subsidiaries, as borrowers, the lenders and issuing banks from time to time party thereto, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as collateral trustee
CSA
Federal Controlled Substances Act
DDI
drug-drug interaction
DEA
U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration
Defendants
Express Scripts, Inc., Express Scripts Holding Company, Express Scripts Specialty Distribution Services, Inc., Curascript, Inc. d/b/a Curascript, S.D., Priority Healthcare Distribution, Inc. d/b/a Curascript SD and Curascript Specialty Distribution SD, Caring Voice Coalition, and Adira Foundation (collectively with the Company Defendants)
DEI
diversity, equity and inclusion
DOJ
U.S. Department of Justice
Dollar Term Loan
our former seven-year $3.1 billion term loan B facility under the Credit Agreement
DS
Dravet syndrome
DTC
Depository Trust Company
EC
European Commission
EDS
excessive daytime sleepiness
EEA
European Economic Area
EMA
European Medicines Agency
Epidiolex ANDA Filers
Teva Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; Padagis US LLC; Apotex Inc.; API Pharma Tech LLC and InvaGen Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; Lupin Limited; Taro Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd.; Zenara Pharma Private Limited and Biophore Pharma, Inc.; MSN Laboratories Pvt. Ltd. and MSN Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; Alkem Laboratories Ltd.; and Ascent Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
Epidiolex Patent Litigation 
On January 3, 2023, we filed a patent infringement suit against the Epidiolex ANDA Filers in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey.  
ESPP
employee stock purchase plan
ESSDS
Express Scripts Specialty Distribution Services, Inc.
4
Table of Contents
Term
Description
ET
essential tremor
ETASU
elements to assure safe use
EU
European Union
EURIBOR
Euro Inter-Bank Offered Rate
Euro Term Loan
our now repaid seven-year €625.0 million term loan B facility under the Credit Agreement
Exchange Act
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
Exchangeable Senior Notes
our 2026 Notes and 2030 Notes
Fair value step-up expense
the acquisition accounting inventory fair value step-up expense
FASB
Financial Accounting Standards Board
FCP
Federal Ceiling Price
FCPA
U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act
FDA
U.S. Food and Drug Administration
FDCA
Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act
FSS
Federal Supply Schedule pricing program
FTC
Federal Trade Commission
GDPR
EU’s General Data Protection Regulation
GEA
gastroesophageal adenocarcinoma
GEHA Lawsuit
Class action lawsuits filed on June 23, 2020 against the Company Defendants and the BCBS Defendants by Government Employees Health Association Inc. in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois
GHB
gamma-hydroxybutyric acid
GMP
Good Manufacturing Practice
GW
GW Pharmaceuticals plc
GW Acquisition
our acquisition of GW Pharmaceuticals plc in May 2021
GW Incentive Plans
GW Pharmaceuticals plc 2008 Long-Term Incentive Plan, GW Pharmaceuticals plc 2017 Long-Term Incentive Plan and GW Pharmaceuticals plc 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan, each as amended from time to time
Hatch-Waxman Act
Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984
HHS
U.S. Department of Health and Human Services
Hikma
Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC
HIPAA
Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 and its implementing regulations
HRSA
Health Resources and Services Administration
HSCT
post-hematopoietic stem-cell transplantation 
HTA
health technology assessment
IFNα
interferon alpha
IH
idiopathic hypersomnia
IM
intramuscular
IND
investigational new drug application
Initial Revolving Credit Facility
our five-year $500.0 million revolving credit facility under the Credit Agreement entered into in May 2021
Internal Revenue Code
Section 4985 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended
InvaGen
InvaGen Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Cipla Ltd., Cipla USA, Inc., and API Pharma Tech LLC 
IPR
inter partes review
IPR&D
in-process research and development
IRA
Inflation Reduction Act of 2022
IRS
U.S. Internal Revenue Service
Jazz Investments
Jazz Investments I Limited
Jazz Lux
Jazz Financing Lux S.à.r.l.
Jazz Securities
Jazz Securities Designated Activity Company
5
Table of Contents
Term
Description
KRAS 
Kirsten rat sarcoma virus
LBL
lymphoblastic lymphoma
LGS
Lennox-Gastaut syndrome
Ligand
Ligand Pharmaceuticals Incorporated
Lupin
Lupin Inc.
MAA
Marketing Authorization Application
MAPK
mitogen-activated protein kinase
McKesson
McKesson Corporation
MDS
Myelodysplastic Syndrome
MSN
MSN Laboratories Private, Ltd. and MSN Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
NDA
New Drug Application
New Repurchase Program
our share repurchase program announced on July 31, 2024 
NHS
U.K. National Health Service
NOL
net operating loss
Non-FAMP
non-federal average manufacturer price
ODE
Orphan Drug Exclusivity in the U.S.
OECD
Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development
OIG
Office of Inspector General of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services
Old Repurchase Program
our share repurchase program authorized by our board of directors in November 2016 
OME
orphan market exclusivity in the EU
Orange Book
FDA’s publication “Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic Equivalence Evaluations”
Otsuka
Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd
Padagis
Padagis US LLC
Par
Par Pharmaceutical, Inc.
Patheon
Patheon Pharmaceuticals Inc., together with its affiliates
Patheon Agreement
our Master Manufacturing Services Agreement with Patheon
PBL
Porton Biopharma Limited
PBMs
pharmacy benefit managers
PDUFA
Prescription Drug User Fee Act
Pfenex
Pfenex, Inc.
PharmaMar
Pharma Mar, S.A.
Pillar Two
the OECD framework proposal to implement a two-pillar plan on global tax reform, including a global minimum tax rate of 15% for large multinational corporations on a jurisdiction-by-jurisdiction basis
PRC
People's Republic of China
Protected cell
the cell of a protected cell company, which Jazz invested in in the year ended December 31, 2021
PRSUs
Performance-based restricted stock units
PRV
priority review voucher
PTAB
Patent Trial and Appeal Board of the USPTO
R&D
research and development
R/R
relapsed/refractory
Redx
Redx Pharma plc
REMS
risk evaluation and mitigation strategy
Repricing Amendment No.1
amendment to the Credit Agreement entered into by Jazz Lux in January 2024
Repricing Amendment No.2
amendment to the Credit Agreement entered into by Jazz Lux in July 2024
RFC
Request for Comment
RK Pharma
RK Pharma, Inc., Apicore US LLC, Archis Pharma LLC, Vgyaan Pharmaceuticals LLC
6
Table of Contents
Term
Description
RLD
reference listed drug
Roche
F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd
RSUs
restricted stock units
RTOR
Real-Time Oncology Review
sBLA
supplemental Biologics License Application
SCLC
small cell lung cancer
SEC
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
Secured Notes
our issued $1.5 billion in aggregate principal amount of 4.375% senior secured notes, due 2029
Self-Insured Schools Lawsuit
On August 14, 2020, a class action lawsuit was filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York by the Self-Insured Schools of California on behalf of itself and all others similarly situated, against the Company Defendants, as well as Hikma Pharmaceuticals plc, Eurohealth (USA) Inc., Hikma Pharmaceuticals USA, Inc., West-Ward Pharmaceuticals Corp., Roxane Laboratories, Inc., Amneal Pharmaceuticals LLC, Endo International, plc, Endo Pharmaceuticals LLC, Par Pharmaceutical, Inc., Lupin Ltd., Lupin Pharmaceuticals Inc., Lupin Inc., Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd., Sun Pharmaceutical Holdings USA, Inc., Sun Pharmaceutical Industries, Inc., Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd., Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd., Watson Laboratories, Inc., Wockhardt Ltd., Morton Grove Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Wockhardt USA LLC, Mallinckrodt plc, and Mallinckrodt LLC 
Siegfried
Siegfried USA, LLC and its European affiliates
Simtra
Simtra Biopharma Solutions
SmPC
Summary of Product Characteristics
sNDA
supplemental New Drug Application
Sumitomo
Sumitomo Pharma Co., Ltd
Sunshine provisions
Physician Payment Sunshine Act
sVOD
severe VOD
T-DXd
trastuzumab deruxtecan
Taro
Taro Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd.
TCA
EU-U.K. Trade and Cooperation Agreement
Term SOFR
U.S. dollar Secured Overnight Financing Rate
Teva
Teva Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
Tranche B-1 Dollar Term Loans
upon entry into the Repricing Amendment No.1, the then outstanding Dollar Term Loan was refinanced into a new tranche of U.S. dollar term loans
Tranche B-2 Dollar Term Loans
upon entry into the Repricing Amendment No.2, the then outstanding Tranche B-1 Dollar Term Loans were refinanced into a new tranche of U.S. dollar term loans
Tricare program
Tricare Retail Pharmacy program
TSC
tuberous sclerosis complex
TSR
total shareholder return
U.K. Bribery Act
U.K. Bribery Act of 2010
U.S. GAAP
U.S. generally accepted accounting principles
UFCW Defendants 
Jazz Pharmaceuticals Ireland Ltd., Jazz Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Roxane Laboratories, Inc., Hikma Pharmaceuticals plc, Eurohealth (USA), Inc. and West-Ward Pharmaceuticals Corp.
UFCW Lawsuit
On June 30, 2020, a class action lawsuit was filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois by UFCW Local 1500 Welfare Fund on behalf of itself and all others similarly situated, against the UFCW Defendants 
UHS Lawsuit  
On March 18, 2021, United Healthcare Services, Inc. filed a lawsuit in the United States District Court for the District of Minnesota against the Company Defendants, Hikma Pharmaceuticals plc, Roxane Laboratories, Inc., Hikma Pharmaceuticals USA Inc., Eurohealth (USA) Inc., Amneal Pharmaceuticals LLC, Par Pharmaceutical, Inc., Lupin Ltd., and Lupin Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
USPTO
U.S. Patent and Trademark Office
VA
U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs
VOD
veno-occlusive disease
WAC
Wholesale Acquisition Cost
Werewolf
Werewolf Therapeutics, Inc.
WuXi
WuXi Biologics Co., Ltd.
7
Table of Contents
Term
Description
XLp
XL-protein GmbH
Zepzelca ANDA Filers
Sandoz Inc., InvaGen Pharmaceuticals, Inc., CIPLA USA, Inc. CIPLA (EU) Limited, CIPLA Limited, Zydus Lifesciences Global FZE, Zydus Pharmaceuticals (USA) Inc., Zydus Lifesciences Limited, RK Pharma, Inc., Apicore US LLC, Archis Pharma LLC, Vgyaan Pharmaceuticals LLC, MSN Pharmaceuticals Inc., and MSN Laboratories PVT. LTD.
Zymeworks
Zymeworks Inc.

Products
The brand names of our products, our delivery devices and certain of our product candidates and their associated generic names are given below.
Term
Description
CombiPlex
CombiPlex® (delivery technology platform)
Defitelio
Defitelio® (defibrotide sodium), Defitelio® (defibrotide)
Epidiolex
Epidiolex® (cannabidiol) oral solution, Epidyolex® (the trade name in Europe and other countries outside the U.S. for Epidiolex)
Rylaze
Rylaze® (asparaginase erwinia chrysanthemi (recombinant)-rywn), Enrylaze® (the trade name in Europe and other countries outside the U.S. and Canada for Rylaze)
Sativex
Sativex® (nabiximols) oral solution
Suvecaltamide
Suvecaltamide (JZP385)
Vyxeos
Vyxeos® (daunorubicin and cytarabine) liposome for injection, Vyxeos® liposomal 44 mg/100 mg powder for concentrate for solution for infusion
Xyrem
Xyrem® (sodium oxybate) oral solution
Xywav
Xywav® (calcium, magnesium, potassium, and sodium oxybates) oral solution
Zepzelca
Zepzelca® (lurbinectedin)
Ziihera
Ziihera® (zanidatamab-hrii)
We own or have rights to various copyrights, trademarks, and trade names used in our business in the U.S. and/or other countries, including the following: Jazz Pharmaceuticals
®
, Xywav
®
 (calcium, magnesium, potassium, and sodium oxybates) oral solution, Xyrem
®
 (sodium oxybate) oral solution, Epidiolex
®
 (cannabidiol) oral solution, Epidyolex
®
 (the trade name in Europe and other countries outside the U.S. for Epidiolex), Rylaze
®
 (asparaginase erwinia chrysanthemi (recombinant)-rywn), Enrylaze
®
 (the trade name in Europe and other countries outside the U.S. and Canada for Rylaze), Zepzelca
®
 (lurbinectedin), Defitelio
®
 (defibrotide sodium), Defitelio
®
 (defibrotide), Vyxeos
® 
(daunorubicin and cytarabine) liposome for injection, Vyxeos
®
 liposomal 44 mg/100 mg powder for concentrate for solution for infusion, CombiPlex
®
, Sativex
®
 (nabiximols) oral solution and Ziihera® (zanidatamab-hrii).  
This Annual Report on Form 10‑K also includes trademarks, service marks and trade names of other companies.  Trademarks, service marks and trade names appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10‑K are the property of their respective owners.
8
Table of Contents
CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
This Annual Report on Form 10‑K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which are subject to the “safe harbor” created by those sections.  Forward-looking statements are based on our management’s beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to our management.  In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as “may,” “will,” “should,” “could,” “would,” “expect,” “plan,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “project,” “predict,” “propose,” “intend,” “continue,” “potential,” “possible,” “strive,” “seek,” “designed,” “goal”, “foreseeable,” “likely,” “unforeseen” and similar expressions intended to identify forward-looking statements.  These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause our actual results, performance, time frames or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance, time frames or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements.  We discuss many of these risks, uncertainties and other factors in greater detail under Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10‑K.  Given these risks, uncertainties and other factors, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements.  In addition, our goals and objectives are aspirational and are not guarantees or promises that such goals and objectives will be met.  Also, these forward-looking statements represent our estimates and assumptions only as of the date of this filing.  You should read this Annual Report on Form 10‑K completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect.  We hereby qualify our forward-looking statements by our cautionary statements.  Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update our forward-looking statements publicly, or to update the reasons that actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements, even if new information becomes available in the future.
SUMMARY RISK FACTORS 
Below is a summary of material factors that make an investment in our ordinary shares speculative or risky.  Importantly, this summary does not address all of the risks and uncertainties that we face.  Additional discussion of the risks and uncertainties summarized in this risk factor summary, as well as other risks and uncertainties that we face, can be found under “Risk Factors” in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10‑K.  The below risk factor summary is qualified in its entirety by that more complete discussion of such risks and uncertainties.  You should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described under “Risk Factors” in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10‑K as part of your evaluation of an investment in our ordinary shares.
•
Our inability to maintain revenues from our oxybate franchise would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects.
•
The introduction of new products in the U.S. market that compete with, or otherwise disrupt the market for, our oxybate products has adversely affected and may continue to adversely affect sales of our oxybate products.
•
The distribution and sale of our oxybate products are subject to significant regulatory restrictions, including the requirements of a REMS and safety reporting requirements, and these regulatory and safety requirements subject us to risks and uncertainties, any of which could negatively impact sales of Xywav and Xyrem.
•
Our inability to maintain or increase sales of Epidiolex/Epidyolex would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects.
•
While we expect Xywav and Epidiolex/Epidyolex to remain our largest products, our success also depends on our ability to effectively commercialize our other existing products and potential future products. 
•
We face substantial competition from other companies, including companies with larger sales organizations and more experience working with large and diverse product portfolios, and competition from generic drugs.
•
Adequate coverage and reimbursement from third party payors may not be available for our products and we may be unable to successfully contract for coverage from pharmacy benefit managers and other organizations; conversely, to secure coverage from these organizations, we may be required to pay rebates or other discounts or other restrictions to reimbursement, either of which could diminish our sales or adversely affect our ability to sell our products profitably. 
•
The pricing of pharmaceutical products has come under increasing scrutiny as part of a global trend toward healthcare cost containment and resulting changes in healthcare law and policy, including changes to Medicare, may impact our business in ways that we cannot currently predict, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition.
•
In addition to access, coverage and reimbursement, the commercial success of our products depends upon their market acceptance by physicians, patients, third party payors and the medical community.
9
Table of Contents
•
Delays or problems in the supply of our products for sale or for use in clinical trials, loss of our single source suppliers or failure to comply with manufacturing regulations could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects.
•
Our future success depends on our ability to successfully obtain and maintain regulatory approvals for our late-stage product candidates and, if approved, to successfully launch and commercialize those product candidates.
•
We may not be able to successfully identify and acquire or in-license additional products or product candidates to grow our business, and, even if we are able to do so, we may otherwise fail to realize the anticipated benefits of these transactions.
•
Conducting clinical trials is costly and time-consuming, and the outcomes are uncertain.  A failure to prove that our product candidates are safe and effective in clinical trials, or to generate data in clinical trials to support expansion of the therapeutic uses for our existing products, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects.
•
It is difficult and costly to protect our proprietary rights, and we may not be able to ensure their protection.
•
We have incurred, and may in the future incur, substantial costs as a result of litigation or other proceedings relating to patents, other intellectual property rights and related matters, and we may be unable to protect our rights to, or commercialize, our products.
•
Significant disruptions of information technology systems or data security breaches could adversely affect our business.
•
We are subject to significant ongoing regulatory obligations and oversight, which may subject us to civil or criminal proceedings, investigations, or penalties and may result in significant additional expense and limit our ability to commercialize our products. 
•
If we fail to comply with our reporting and payment obligations under the Medicaid Drug Rebate program or other governmental pricing programs, we could be subject to additional reimbursement requirements, penalties, sanctions and fines, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects.
•
We have incurred substantial debt, which could impair our flexibility and access to capital and adversely affect our financial position, and our business would be adversely affected if we are unable to service our debt obligations.
•
To continue to grow our business, we will need to commit substantial resources, which could result in future losses or otherwise limit our opportunities or affect our ability to operate and grow our business.
•
If we fail to attract, retain and motivate members of our executive management team and key personnel, our operations and our future growth may be adversely affected.
NOTE REGARDING COMPANY REFERENCE 
In this report, unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, all references to “Jazz Pharmaceuticals,” “Jazz,” “the registrant,” “we,” “us,” and “our” refer to Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
10
Table of Contents
PART I