ITEM 1.    
BUSINESS
Our Company 
IPG Photonics Corporation ("IPG", the "Company", the "Registrant", "we", "us" or "our") develops, manufactures and sells high-performance fiber lasers, fiber amplifiers, diode lasers and laser-based systems that are used for diverse applications in materials processing, medical and advanced applications. Fiber lasers combine the advantages of semiconductor diodes, such as long life and high efficiency, with the high amplification and precise beam qualities of specialty optical fibers to deliver superior performance, reliability and usability.
We sell our products globally to original equipment manufacturers ("OEMs"), system integrators and end users. We market our products internationally, primarily through our direct sales force. Our major manufacturing facilities are located in the United States and Germany. We have sales service offices and applications laboratories worldwide.
We are vertically integrated such that we design and manufacture most of the key components used in our finished products, from semiconductor diodes to optical fiber preforms, finished fiber lasers and amplifiers. We manufacture complementary products used with our lasers including optical delivery cables, fiber couplers, beam switches, optical processing heads, in-line sensors and chillers. Our vertically integrated operations allow us to control quality, rapidly develop and integrate advanced products and protect our proprietary technology.
We are listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market (ticker: IPGP). We began operations in 1990, and we were incorporated in Delaware in 1998. Our principal executive offices are located at 377 Simarano Drive, Marlborough, Massachusetts 01752, and our telephone number is (508) 373-1100.
Industry Overview
Laser technology has revolutionized a broad range of applications and products in manufacturing, automotive, aerospace, medical, research, consumer electronics, semiconductors and communications. A laser converts electrical energy to optical energy that can be focused and shaped, creating a powerful, concentrated beam that causes materials to melt, vaporize or change their character. In a laser, an energy source excites or pumps a gain medium, which converts the energy from the source into an emission consisting of particles of light, called photons, at particular wavelengths. Lasers provide flexible, non-contact and high-speed ways to process and treat various materials and enable automated production, miniaturization and increasing product complexity. 
Lasers are utilized in materials processing applications requiring very high power densities, such as cutting, welding, marking, engraving, additive manufacturing, ablation and cleaning, printing, drilling and cladding. Historically, machine tools such as grinding machines, mechanical saws, milling machines, lathes, presses, water jet cutters, plasma cutters and welding machines have been used to cut, join, form or otherwise process metal in the production of finished goods such as automobiles, consumer appliances, electronics and heavy machinery. Also, lasers are utilized in applications that require consistent and stable operation with lower power densities, such as heating, cleaning and drying. Laser-based systems are gaining share within the materials processing market because of the greater precision, processing speeds and flexibility enabled by this technology. Beyond materials processing, lasers are well-suited for imaging and inspection applications and the ability to confine laser light to narrow wavelengths makes them particularly effective in medical, non-destructive inspection and sensing applications. 
Fiber Lasers
Fiber lasers use semiconductor diodes as the energy source to pump a gain medium consisting of specialty optical fibers, which are infused with rare earth ions. These fibers are called active fibers and are comparable in diameter to a human hair. The laser emission is created within optical fibers and delivered through a flexible optical fiber cable. As a result of their different design and components, fiber lasers are more reliable, efficient, robust, compact and easier to operate than gas, crystal and solid state lasers that were initially used in industrial applications. In addition, fiber lasers free the end users from fine mechanical adjustments and the high maintenance costs that are typical for other laser technologies. 
Although low power fiber lasers were introduced four decades ago, their increased adoption in the last twenty years has been driven primarily by our improvements in their output power levels and cost, as well as their superior performance, lower cost of ownership and greater reliability compared with other laser and non-laser technologies. We successfully increased output power levels, efficiency and reliability by improving optical components such as diodes and active fibers that increased their power capacities and improved their performance. Fiber lasers now offer output powers that exceed those of other laser technologies in many categories. Our substantial advancements in diode technology, packaging design and other optical components together with increased production volumes over the last two decades reduced the cost and increased the reliability 
3
Table of Contents
of our products. As a result, the average cost per watt of output power has decreased dramatically and our fiber lasers effectively compete in many applications that used other laser technologies and non-laser solutions historically. We believe that fiber lasers provide a combination of benefits that include: superior performance; enhanced end user productivity; lower cost of ownership and environmentally friendly operation; greater ease of use; a more compact footprint; and greater choice of wavelengths and more precise beam control. Our strategy is to target new applications where fiber lasers provide benefits compared to use of other laser technologies and non-laser solutions.  There remain applications and processes where other laser and non-laser technologies may provide superior performance with respect to particular features or applications notwithstanding the benefits offered by fiber lasers.
Our Competitive Strengths
Our key strengths and competitive advantages include the following:
Leading Producer of Fiber Laser Technology.  
As a pioneer and technology leader in fiber lasers, we are able to leverage our expertise to drive the proliferation of fiber lasers in existing and new applications. 
Vertically Integrated Development and Manufacturing.  
We develop and manufacture most of our key high-volume specialty components, along with optical heads and other products used in conjunction with our lasers, which we believe enhances our ability to meet customer requirements and accelerate product development.
Manufacturing Scale.  
We have invested extensively in our production capabilities allowing us to efficiently manufacture and deliver large volumes of fiber lasers in short delivery cycles which provide us with a competitive advantage. 
Breadth and Depth of Expertise.  
Our extensive know-how in materials sciences and experience in optical, electrical, mechanical and semiconductor engineering enable us to develop and manufacture proprietary components, products, accessories and systems and assist customers in improving their manufacturing using our fiber lasers.
Broad Product Portfolio and Ability to Meet Customer Requirements.  
Our broad range of standard and custom fiber lasers operating at various wavelengths and pulse durations allow us to meet varied customer requirements.  Further, our vertically integrated manufacturing and broad technology expertise allow us to design, prototype and commence high-volume commercial production of our products rapidly. 
Diverse Customer Base, End Markets and Applications.  
Our diverse customer base, end markets and applications provide us with many growth opportunities. In 2024, we shipped products to thousands of customers worldwide. Our principal end markets and representative applications within those markets include:
4
Table of Contents
Materials Processing Markets
End Market
Applications
Principal Products
General Manufacturing
Welding, brazing, hardening and cladding
Continuous Wave ("CW") lasers (1-125 kW) and IPG systems
Flat sheet, tube and 3D cutting
CW lasers (1-50 kW) and IPG systems
Marking, engraving and printing
NS pulsed lasers (10-1,000 W) and Quasi-CW ("QCW") lasers (100-2,000 W)
Surface cleaning and texturing, paint and coating stripping
Nanosecond ("NS") pulsed lasers (100-3,000 W), single-mode CW lasers (1-5 kW) and IPG systems
Heating and drying
Diode lasers (1-40 kW)
Additive Manufacturing
CW lasers (200-6,000 W)
Automotive (including Electric Vehicles)
Welding, cleaning, drying, and cutting, including foil cutting
CW and QCW lasers, NS pulsed lasers and IPG systems
Cutting of high-strength steel and aluminum
CW lasers (1-20 kW)
Welding tailored blanks, frames and auto parts
CW lasers (1-50 kW)
Seam welding and brazing
CW lasers( 1-20 kW) and IPG systems
Consumer Goods
Micro welding, cutting and marking
QCW and NS pulsed lasers
Marking of polymers and other non-metals
Infrared ("IR"), green and ultraviolet ("UV") pulsed lasers
Medical Devices
Stent, pacemaker and other medical device manufacturing
CW, NS, Picosecond ("PS") and Femtosecond ("FS") pulsed lasers and IPG systems
Energy/Renewable Energy
Hardening and welding of tubes and pipes
CW lasers (4-50 kW) and IPG systems
Cladding of turbine blades and drill bits
CW lasers (1-20 kW) 
Solar cell processing
Green NS pulsed lasers
Aerospace, Rail and Shipbuilding
Welding/cutting thick steel plates, titanium
CW lasers (1-50 kW) and IPG systems
Percussion drilling of aerospace parts
QCW lasers (1-2 kW)
Surface cleaning and texturing, paint and coating stripping and drying
NS pulsed lasers (100-3,000 W), single-mode CW lasers (1-5 kW), diode lasers (1-40 kW) and IPG systems
Micro Electronics
Wafer inspection and annealing, disk mastering, flat panel display, LED lift-off
Ultraviolet CW and NS pulsed lasers
Processing of glass, ceramics, sapphire, silicon, diamond, Teflon, PCB, CFRP and other non-metals
IR, green and UV NS pulsed lasers, PS and FS pulsed lasers, QCW lasers
Other Markets
End Market
Applications
Principal Products
Aerospace and Defense 
Directed energy
Single-mode CW lasers, amplifiers and diode lasers
IR countermeasures, thermal imaging
Mid-IR NS pulsed lasers
Medical Procedures
Surgery, urology and soft tissue
Mid-infrared, thulium, FS and laser systems
Therapeutic procedures
Diode lasers
Aesthetic procedures - skin, wrinkle/hair/tattoo removal
Erbium, thulium, green lasers
Dental procedures
Diode lasers
Diagnostic procedures
Mid-infrared and FS
OEM Instrument Manufacturing
Biomedical analytical instruments, metrology, disinfection/sterilization, environmental and security monitoring, quantum computing
FS, PS, NS and CW lasers, Mid-infrared, IR, visible and UV lasers
Scientific
Academic research: sensing, imaging, microscopy, spectroscopy, quantum optics
Mid-infrared, IR, visible and UV lasers; diode, FS, PS, NS and CW lasers, linearly polarized and single frequency lasers and amplifiers
5
Table of Contents
Products
We design and manufacture a broad range of high-performance fiber lasers and amplifiers. We also make direct diode lasers, packaged semiconductor diodes, laser and non-laser systems and laser based medical systems. Many of our products are designed to be used as general-purpose energy or light sources, making them useful in diverse applications and markets.
Our laser products are based on a common proprietary technology platform using many of the same core components, such as semiconductor diodes and specialty fibers, which we configure to our customers' specifications. Our engineers and scientists work closely with OEMs, system integrators and end users to develop and customize our products for their needs. Because of our flexible and modular product architecture, we offer products in different configurations according to the desired application, including modules, rack-mounted units and tabletop units. Our engineers and other technical experts work directly with the customer in our application and development centers to develop and configure the optimal solution for such customer's requirements. We also manufacture certain complementary products that are used with our lasers, such as optical delivery cables, fiber couplers, beam switches, optical processing heads, process measuring and monitoring technologies and chillers.
Lasers
Our laser products include medium (1 to 999 watts) and high (1,000 watts and above) output power lasers from 0.3 to 5.2 microns in wavelength. These lasers may be CW, QCW or pulsed. Our pulsed line includes nanosecond, picosecond and femtosecond lasers. We offer lasers with different gain mediums and wavelengths. The gain mediums are ytterbium, erbium and thulium, as well as Raman and hybrid fiber-solid state lasers using our crystal technology. We produce hybrid fiber-solid state lasers at green and ultraviolet wavelengths for a range of micro processing applications and in the mid-IR spectrum for sensing, imaging and spectroscopy applications. We also sell fiber pigtailed packaged diodes as components for pumping applications, and fiber coupled direct diode laser systems that use semiconductor diodes rather than optical fibers as their gain medium. In addition, we offer high-energy pulsed lasers, multi-wavelength lasers, tunable lasers, single-polarization and single-frequency lasers, as well as other versions of our products.
We believe that we produce the highest power solid-state lasers in the industry. Our ytterbium fiber lasers reach power levels of up to 125,000 watts. We also make single-mode and low-mode output ytterbium fiber lasers with power levels of up to 20,000 watts and single-mode, erbium and thulium fiber lasers with power levels of up to 4,000 watts.
For 2024 fiscal year, high power continuous wave ("CW") lasers accounted for 34% of revenue and were 41% and 43% of revenue, in 2023 and 2022, respectively. Pulsed lasers accounted for 15%, 14%, and 18% of revenue in 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
Accessories
We manufacture and sell accessories that include high power optical fiber delivery cables, fiber couplers, beam switches, chillers and scanners for our fiber lasers. We are expanding our line of cutting and welding optical processing heads for use with our fiber lasers and sell devices for in-line coherent monitoring for welding.
Systems
In addition to selling laser sources, we also offer integrated laser systems for particular geographic markets or custom-developed for a customer's manufacturing requirements. We offer a LightWELD product line, which is a handheld laser welding system to provide fabricators a laser-based solution for welding. We also offer 2D compact flat sheet cutter systems and multi-axis systems for fine welding, cutting and drilling. We produce high precision laser systems for the medical technology industry. We also offer a welding seam stepper and picker, which is an automated fiber laser welding tool providing customers increased processing speeds, better quality and the elimination of certain clamping tools. Our subsidiary Genesis Systems Group, LLC provides laser and non-laser robotic welding and automation solutions. IPG also develops and sells specialized fiber laser systems for unique material processing applications as requested by customers desiring complete laser-based solutions. For the 2024, 2023 and 2022 fiscal years, laser and non-laser systems accounted for 14%, 13%, and 11%, respectively, of revenues. 
Our Markets
We broadly classify our principal end markets as material processing, medical procedures, advanced applications and 
communications
. With the sale of our telecom transmission product lines in August 2022, we no longer intend to target 
6
Table of Contents
communications as a principal market. The following table shows the allocation of our net sales (in thousands) among our principal markets:

Year Ended December 31,

2024
2023
2022

% of Total

% of Total

% of Total
Materials processing
$
857,336 
87.7 
%
$
1,152,804 
89.5 
%
$
1,291,262 
90.3 
%
Medical procedures
61,040 
6.3 
%
71,571 
5.6 
%
70,402 
4.9 
%
Advanced applications
53,778 
5.5 
%
55,576 
4.3 
%
54,308 
3.8 
%
Communications
4,980 
0.5 
%
7,488 
0.6 
%
13,575 
1.0 
%
Total
$
977,134 
100.0 
%
$
1,287,439 
100.0 
%
$
1,429,547 
100.0 
%
These estimates are based upon customer information and when customer information has not been provided, upon our best information and belief.  
Materials Processing 
The most significant materials processing applications for fiber lasers are welding and brazing and cutting. Other applications include marking and engraving, cleaning, additive manufacturing such as laser sintering and 3D printing, precision processing, drilling, heat treating, annealing and heating and drying.
 Welding and Brazing Applications.  
Laser welding offers several important advantages compared to conventional welding technology as it is non-contact, precise, easy to automate, provides high process speed and results in narrow-seamed, high-quality welds that generally require little or no post-processing machining. The high beam quality of our fiber lasers coupled with high CW power offer deep penetration welding as well as shallow conduction mode welding. Adjustable mode beam (AMB) lasers allow beam tunability for spatterless, precise high-quality welding required in electric vehicle battery manufacturing.  In addition, fiber lasers enable remote welding "on the fly," a flexible method of three-dimensional welding in which the laser beam is positioned by a robot-guided scanner. Remote welding stations equipped with fiber lasers are used for welding door panels, seat backs, spot and lap welds over the entire auto body frame ("body-in-white") and tailor welded blanks for automotive applications. We also offer a real-time weld monitoring system to determine weld quality in an integrated solution. Our LightWELD product line offers a handheld laser welding system that is easier to learn and operate than traditional solutions and offers high process consistency. Our products are used also for laser brazing of visible joints in automobiles such as tailgates, roof joints and columns. Brazing is a method of joining sheet metal by using a melted filler material similar to soldering but requiring higher temperatures.
Cutting Applications.  
Laser-based cutting technology has several advantages compared to alternative technologies. Laser cutting is fast, flexible and highly precise and can be used to cut complex contours on flat, tubular or three-dimensional materials. The laser source can be programmed to process many different kinds of materials such as steel, aluminum, brass, copper, glass, ceramic and plastic at various thicknesses. Laser cutting technology is a non-contact process that is easy to integrate into an automated production line and is not subject to wear of the cutting medium. We sell mid and high power ytterbium fiber lasers for laser cutting.  Our high power pulsed lasers are used in thin foil cutting applications in electric vehicle battery production. High electrical efficiency, low maintenance and operating cost, excellent beam quality, wide operating power range, power stability and small spot size are some of the qualities offered by IPG fiber lasers for many cutting applications, which enable customers to cut a variety of materials faster.
Medical Procedures
We sell our commercial fiber and diode laser modules, subassemblies and complete systems to medical device manufacturers that incorporate our products into their devices. Our ultrafast, CW and QCW ytterbium, erbium, thulium fiber and hybrid lasers with avera
ge power from 1 to 200 watts, and dio
de laser systems can be used in various medical and biomedical applications. We have also developed and are now selling medical laser systems and consumable fibers for applications, including benign prostatic hyperplasia and lithotripsy, as an OEM and, in certain territories, as an IPG-branded product. Aesthetic applications addressed by IPG lasers include skin rejuvenation, hair removal, and treatment of pigmented and vascular lesions.  
Advanced Applications
Our fiber lasers and amplifiers are utilized by commercial firms and by academic and government institutions worldwide for advanced and scientific applications.  These markets may sell specialty products developed by us or our commercial products. Representative applications include directed energy, spectroscopy, optical trapping, remote sensing, LIDAR and materials characterization.
7
Table of Contents
Technology 
Our products are based on our proprietary technology platform that we have developed and refined since our formation. The following technologies are key elements in our products.
Specialty Optical Fibers
We have extensive expertise in the disciplines and techniques that form the basis for the multi-clad active and passive optical fibers used in our products. We believe that our large portfolio of specialty active and passive optical fibers has a number of advantages as compared to other commercially available optical fibers. Using our knowledge of optical fibers, we recently extended our product line by manufacturing fibers used as a consumable component with our proprietary medical laser systems.
Semiconductor Diode Laser Processing and Packaging Technologies
We use multiple multi-mode, or broad area, single-emitter diodes rather than diode bars or stacks as a pump source. We believe that multi-mode single-emitter diodes are the most efficient and reliable pumping source presently available, surpassing diode bars and stacks in efficiency, brightness and reliability. Single-emitter diodes have substantially reduced cooling requirements and typically have long lifetimes at high operating currents, compared to typical lifetimes of diode bars. 
We developed advanced molecular beam epitaxy techniques to grow aluminum indium gallium arsenide wafers for our diodes. This method yields high-quality optoelectronic material for low-defect density and high uniformity of optoelectronic parameters. In addition, we have developed numerous proprietary wafer processes and testing and qualification procedures in order to create a high energy output in a reliable and high power diode. Our diode is packaged to dissipate heat produced by the diode and withstands vibration, shock, high temperature, humidity and other environmental conditions, enabling world-class reliability and efficiency of the products.
Specialty Components and Combining Techniques
We developed a wide range of advanced optical components that are capable of handling high optical power levels and contribute to the superior performance, efficiency and reliability of our products. In addition to fibers and diodes, our optical component portfolio includes fiber gratings, couplers, isolators, combiners, and crystals. We also developed special methods and expertise in splicing fibers together with low optical energy loss and on-line loss testing. We believe that our internal development and manufacturing of key optical components allows us to lower our manufacturing costs and improve product performance and reliability.
Side Pumping of Fibers and Fiber Block Technologies
Our technology platform allows us to efficiently combine a large number of multi-mode single-emitter semiconductor diodes with our active optical fibers that are used in all of our products. A key element of this technology is that we pump our fiber lasers through the cladding surrounding the active core. We splice our specialty active optical fibers with other optical components and package them in a sealed box, which we call a fiber block. The fiber blocks are compact and are designed to eliminate the risk of contamination or misalignment due to mechanical vibrations and shocks as well as temperature or humidity variations. Our design is scalable and modular, permitting us to make products with high output power by coupling a large number of diodes with fiber blocks, which can be combined in parallel and serially.
High-Stress Testing
We employ high-stress techniques in testing components and final products that help increase reliability and accelerate product development. For example, we test all of our diodes with high current and temperatures to identify and eliminate potentially unreliable diodes. We also have built a large database of diode test results that allows us to predict the estimated lifetime of our diodes. This testing allows us to eliminate defective diodes prior to further assembly and thus increase reliability.
Research and Development
We perform research and development to develop new products or components, improve existing products or components, develop new applications for our products and improve our manufacturing processes. 
We research, develop and manufacture most of the key components of our lasers.  In addition to our cladding-pumped specialty fiber platform, we have core competencies in high power multi-mode and single-mode semiconductor diodes, diode packaging, specialty active and passive optical fibers, high-performance optical components, crystal growth and processing, fiber gain blocks and fiber modules, thin film optical coatings, as well as splicing and combining techniques and high-stress test 
8
Table of Contents
methods. The strategy of developing our proprietary components has allowed us to leverage our optical experience and large volume requirements to lower the cost of our products. 
Our research and development supports expanding and improving our product line by increasing power levels, improving beam quality and electrical efficiency, decreasing the size of our products and lowering the cost per watt. We are engaged in research projects to expand the spectral range of products that we offer. We are investing our research and development funds on laser systems and products for medical applications. 
We have assembled a team of scientists and engineers with specialized experience and knowledge in fiber lasers and amplifiers, materials science, optics, critical components, testing and manufacturing process design, and laser application development. Our team of experienced scientists and engineers works closely with many of our customers to develop and introduce custom products and laser processing that address specific applications and performance requirements.
We incurred research and development costs of approximately $109.8 million, $98.7 million and $116.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. We expect to continue our commitment to research and development and to introduce new products, systems and complementary products. See Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations."
Intellectual Property
We rely on the technical expertise, creativity, and knowledge of our personnel, and we utilize trade secret, patent, trademark, copyright and contractual protections to maintain our competitive position and protect our proprietary rights in our products and technology. While our intellectual property rights are important to our success, we believe that our business as a whole is not materially dependent on any particular patent, trademark, copyright or other intellectual property right. IPG has used, registered or applied to register a number of trademark registrations in the United States and in other countries.
As of December 31, 2024, we have over 850 patents issued and over 350 pending patent applications worldwide. Intellectual property rights, including those that we own, those that we license and those of others, involve significant risks. See Item 1A, "
Risk Factors — We are subject to litigation alleging that we infringe third-party intellectual property rights. Intellectual property claims could result in costly litigation and harm our business.
" and "
Risk Factors — Our inability to protect our intellectual property and proprietary technologies could result in the unauthorized use of our technologies by third parties, hurt our competitive position and adversely affect our operating results
."
Manufacturing
Vertical integration is one of our core business strategies through which we control our proprietary processes and technologies as well as the supply of key components and assemblies. Our vertically integrated manufacturing operations include the manufacturing or assembly of optical preforms, specialty fiber, semiconductor wafers, semiconductor diode chips and packaged semiconductor diodes, specialty optical components, fiber blocks, fiber laser modules, power supplies, circuit boards, electronics and control systems and software, crystals, chillers, housings and cabinets and final assembly of finished product. In addition, we make some of the automated production systems, tools and fixtures and testing systems that we use in our own manufacturing processes. Over the last several years, we added additional production capabilities, including multi-wafer growth reactors, diode test stations, fiber preform and fiber drawing equipment and mid and high power laser production and testing, in order to increase our capacity as well as reduce the risks associated with our production processes.
We operate our own semiconductor foundry for the production of multi-mode single-emitter diodes used as pump sources in our lasers. We also process, package and extensively test all of our diodes.  We developed proprietary components and accessories, manufacturing tools, equipment and techniques over many years in an effort to address the major issues that had been inhibiting the development of fiber laser technology and to provide products that differentiate us from our competitors. In addition, we have acquired the technology to produce additional components, such as volume Bragg gratings and crystals.  Using our technology platform, we configure standard laser and amplifier products based upon each customer's specifications.  We have developed proprietary testing methodologies that allow us to develop higher power components and products in short periods of time, enable us to introduce products to the market more quickly, capitalize on new opportunities and provide superior service to our customers. In our materials processing systems business, we manufacture standard configuration systems and also systems customized for specific customer requirements. We purchase common and specialized mechanical, electrical and optical parts and raw materials from vendors.
Sales, Marketing and Support
We market our products internationally primarily through our direct sales force. Our direct sales force sells to end users, OEMs and systems integrators. Once our fiber laser products are designed into an OEM system, the OEM's sales force markets its systems, allowing us to leverage our sales capability through the OEM sales channels because the OEMs typically have several salespersons in locations other than where our sales offices are located. We have sales and service offices and 
9
Table of Contents
application development centers in the Americas, Europe and Asia.  To a lesser extent, we market through agreements with independent sales representatives and distributors, but we do use such channels more widely for our LightWELD product.  In 2023, we entered into a strategic partnership with Miller Electric Mfg. LLC, a leading worldwide manufacturer of arc welding products, to further promote laser solutions for handheld welding applications.  We typically provide one to five-year parts and service warranties on lasers. Most of the Company's sales offices provide support to customers in their respective geographic areas.
Customers
We sell our products globally to OEMs, system integrators and end users in a wide range of diverse markets who have the in-house engineering capability to integrate our products into their own systems. We also sell complete laser and non-laser solutions to end users for their production needs. We have thousands of customers worldwide. 
Competition
Our markets are highly competitive and characterized by rapidly changing technology, continuously evolving customer requirements and reduced average selling prices over time. In the materials processing market, we compete with makers of fiber lasers and other lasers, such as Coherent, Inc., Laserline GmbH, Lumentum Holdings Inc., Maxphotonics Co., Ltd., MKS Instruments, Inc., nLight, Inc., Trumpf GmbH + Co. KG and Wuhan Raycus Fiber Laser Technologies Co. Ltd., as well as other smaller competitors. Some of our customers have developed products for their own use which are competitive to our products. Such vertical integration by our customers could reduce the market opportunity for our products.  Many of our fiber laser competitors are increasing the output powers of their fiber lasers and reducing sales prices to compete with our products. 
We also compete with our customers that produce their own laser technology as well as with manufacturers of non-laser methods and tools, such as traditional non-laser welding, cutting dies, mechanical cutters and plasma cutters in the materials processing market. 
Some of our competitors are larger than we are and have substantially greater financial, managerial and technical resources, more extensive distribution and service networks, greater sales and marketing capacity, and larger installed customer bases than we do.
Backlog
At December 31, 2024, our backlog of orders (generally scheduled for shipment within one year) was approximately $636.2 million compared to $691.4 million at December 31, 2023. At December 31, 2024, our backlog included $371.1 million of orders with firm shipment dates and $265.1 million of frame agreements that we expect to ship within one year, compared to $401.1 million of orders with firm shipment dates and $290.3 million of frame agreements at December 31, 2023. Frame agreements are non-binding indications of customer pricing and volume levels but are not firm customer purchase obligations with delivery dates. Orders used to compute backlog are generally cancellable without substantial penalties or any penalties. We anticipate shipping a substantial majority of the present backlog during fiscal year 2025. However, our backlog at any given date is not necessarily indicative of actual sales for any future period.
Employees and Human Capital Management
Our employees are our most valuable assets. They contribute to IPG’s success and, in particular, the skilled and experienced employees within our manufacturing, sales, service, research and development and quality assurance departments are instrumental in driving operational execution and strong financial performance, advancing innovation and maintaining a strong quality and compliance program.
As of December 31, 2024, we had approximately 4,740 full-time employees, including 410 in research and development, 3,550 in manufacturing and service operations, 380 in sales and marketing, and 400 in general and administrative functions. As a global company, our employees are distributed throughout our more than thirty locations in twenty-four countries. Of our total full-time employees, approximately 1,940 were in the United States and 1,630 were in Germany. We have never experienced a work stoppage, and none of our employees at our principal manufacturing facilities are subject to a collective bargaining agreement.
The success and growth of IPG’s business is dependent in large part on our ability to attract, retain and develop a diverse population of talented and high-performing employees at all levels of our organization. For our research, engineering and production management positions, we require employees with university and graduate-level degrees in physics, optics, electrical, mechanical and software engineering. Globally, the demand for employees with such levels of education is high and competitive.
10
Table of Contents
To succeed in these conditions, IPG implements key recruitment and retention strategies, objectives and effectiveness measures as part of the overall management of our business. These core strategies are advanced through the following programs, policies and initiatives:
Competitive Pay and Benefits
.  IPG’s compensation programs are designed to align the compensation of our employees, who operate in a highly competitive and technologically challenging environment, with IPG’s business performance and to provide the proper incentives to attract, retain and motivate employees to achieve superior performance. The structure of our compensation programs balances incentive earnings for both short-term and long-term performance. Specifically:
•
We provide employee wages that are competitive and consistent with employee’s positions, skill levels, experience, knowledge and geographic location.
•
All employees participate in our annual cash bonus program, allowing them to share in the profitability and business performance of IPG. We also generally provide equity grants and an employee stock purchase plan to salaried employees consistent with geographic compensation practices and subject to regulatory compliance. These programs further align our employees’ financial interests with the performance of the business and the interests of our stockholders.
•
We generally provide annual increases and incentive compensation based on merit. 
•
We purchase compensation data from a compensation and benefits consulting firm to allow us to ensure we provide competitive compensation in each of the geographic locations in which we operate.
•
We align our executives’ annual and long-term equity compensation with our stockholders’ interests by linking realizable pay with operating metrics and stock performance.
•
We provide comprehensive benefit options designed to retain our employees and support their families in living healthier and more secure lives. 
Employee recruitment, retention and development
. IPG is committed to attracting the best talent from a broad array of sources to meet the current and future demands of our business. We have established relationships with trade schools, world-class universities, professional associations and industry groups to proactively attract talented and capable new hires. IPG sponsors formal apprentice and internship programs to build leadership capabilities for the future. IPG has a strong employee value proposition with a culture of innovation, driven by entrepreneurial spirit and embraced within an environment of individual respect, dignity and caring. 
We monitor employee turnover rates as our success depends upon retaining and investing in our highly trained manufacturing and technical staff. IPG strives to decrease voluntary turnover rates and thereby increase employee tenure by ensuring a combination of competitive compensation, individual developmental opportunities and personal career enrichment and growth. Our retention at the technical, professional and executive levels is high.
Executive Officers of the Registrant
The following table sets forth certain information regarding our executive officers as of February 20, 2025:
Name
Age
Position with the Company
Mark M. Gitin, Ph.D.
58
Chief Executive Officer
Angelo P. Lopresti
61
General Counsel, Secretary and Senior Vice President
Timothy P.V. Mammen
55
Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Trevor D. Ness
52
Senior Vice President, Sales and Strategic Business Development
Igor Samartsev, Ph.D.
61
Senior Vice President, Chief Scientist
Mark M. Gitin, Ph.D.
 has served as the Chief Executive Officer of the company since June 2024. Previously, Dr. Gitin served in a number of positions at MKS Instruments, including Executive Vice President and General Manager of MKS's Photonics Solutions Division since 2023. Prior to that, he served as Senior Vice President and General Manager of the Photonics Solutions Division from 2019 to 2023, and Vice President and General Manager of MKS's Photonics Business Unit from 2017 to 2019 and in 2018 he also assumed responsibility for the Instruments and Motion Business Unit. Prior to joining MKS, from March 1995 to September 2017, Dr. Gitin held various management positions covering a wide range of technologies at Coherent, Inc., including Vice President of Strategic Marketing, Vice President of Business Development, and Vice President and General Manager of the Diodes, Fibers and Systems Business Unit. Dr. Gitin holds a B.S. in Electrical Engineering from University of California, Davis and an M.Eng. and Ph.D. in Electrical Engineering from Cornell University.
Angelo P. Lopresti
 has served as our General Counsel, Secretary and Vice President since February 2001. He was promoted to Senior Vice President in February 2013. Prior to joining us, Mr. Lopresti was a partner at the law firm of 
11
Table of Contents
Winston & Strawn LLP from 1999 to 2001. He was a partner at the law firm of Hertzog, Calamari & Gleason from 1998 to 1999 and an associate there from 1991 to 1998.  He served on the board of Coastway Bancorp, Inc. from 2016 to 2018, prior to its acquisition by HarborOne Bancorp, Inc.  Mr. Lopresti holds a B.A. in Economics from Trinity College and a J.D. from the New York University School of Law.
Timothy P.V. Mammen
 has served as our Chief Financial Officer since July 2000 and as Vice President since November 2000. He was promoted to Senior Vice President in February 2013. Between May 1999 and July 2000, Mr. Mammen served as the Group Finance Director and General Manager of the United Kingdom operations for IPFD. Mr. Mammen was Finance Director and General Manager of United Partners Plc, a commodities trading firm, from 1995 to 1999 and, prior to that, he worked in the finance department of E.I. du Pont de Nemours and Company. Mr. Mammen holds an Upper Second B.Sc. Honours degree in International Trade and Development from the London School of Economics and Political Science. He is a Chartered Accountant and a member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Scotland.
Trevor D. Ness 
has served as our Senior Vice President, Sales and Strategic Business Development since February 18, 2022. Prior to that, he was Senior Vice President, World Wide Sales and Marketing, from February 2013 to 2022. From January 2011 until February 2013, he served as our Vice President-Asian Operations. Prior to joining us, Mr. Ness was Director of GSI Precision Technologies China from May 2005 to December 2010 and prior to that he held technical sales management roles with GSI Group, Inc. and Cobham Plc, located in UK, Japan and Taiwan. Through 2000, Mr. Ness performed a variety of roles in the UK, including Service and Aftersales Management.  Mr. Ness holds a B.S. in Geology from Imperial College, a H.N.C. from Bournemouth University and an M.B.A. from The Open University.
Igor Samartsev, Ph.D.
 has served as our Senior Vice President, Chief Scientist since February 2022.  Prior to that, he was Chief Technology Officer from 2011 to 2022 and Deputy General Manager of one of our foreign subsidiaries from 2005 to 2011 after having served in technical leadership roles there. Dr. Samartsev holds a Ph.D. in Physics from the Imperial College London. 
Seasonality
Our net sales can fluctuate from quarter to quarter with general economic trends, specific industry cycles, holidays in foreign countries such as Lunar New Year in the first quarter of our fiscal year and the timing of capital expenditures by our customers.
Government Regulation
Regulatory Compliance
The majority of our laser and amplifier products sold in the United States are classified as Class IV Laser Products under the applicable rules and regulations of the Center for Devices and Radiological Health ("CDRH") of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration ("FDA"). The same classification system is applied in the European markets. Safety rules are formulated with "Deutsche Industrie Norm" (i.e., German Industrial Standards) or International Organization for Standardization ("ISO") standards, which are internationally harmonized.  CDRH regulations generally require a self-certification procedure pursuant to which a manufacturer must submit a filing to the CDRH with respect to each product incorporating a laser device, make periodic reports of sales and purchases and comply with product labeling standards, product safety and design features and informational requirements. 
Our business activities are subject to various export controls and trade and economic sanctions laws and regulations, including, without limitation, the U.S. Commerce Department’s Export Administration Regulations, the U.S. Treasury Department’s Office of Foreign Assets Control’s trade and economic sanctions programs, the U.S. Department of State’s Nonproliferation Sanctions and International Traffic in Arms Regulations, as well as those of the European Community and Germany, which we collectively refer to as Trade Controls. We further discuss the impact of such Trade Controls under "
Risk Factors
" in Item 1A "
—
We must comply with and could be impacted by various export controls and trade and economic sanctions laws and regulations that could negatively affect our business and may change due to diplomatic and political considerations outside of our control."
Environmental Regulation
Our operations are subject to various federal, state, local and international laws governing the environment, including those relating to the storage, use, discharge, disposal, product composition and labeling of, human exposure to and hazardous and toxic materials. In the event of an accident involving such materials, we could be liable for damages and such liability could exceed the amount of our liability insurance coverage and the resources of our business.
12
Table of Contents
We face increasing complexity in our product design and procurement operations due to the evolving nature of environmental compliance regulations and standards, as well as specific customer compliance requirements. These regulations and standards have an impact on the material composition of our products entering specific markets. For example, the European Union ("EU") adopted the Restriction of the use of Certain Hazardous Substances in Electrical and Electronic Equipment (RoHS) and Registration, Evaluation, Authorization and Restriction of Chemicals (REACH), and China enacted the Management Methods for Controlling Pollution Caused by Electronic Information Products Regulation (China-RoHS).  In addition to these regulations and directives, we may face costs and liabilities in connection with product take-back legislation. 
Climate and Sustainability Reporting and Regulation
We operate in various jurisdictions around the world, including the U.S. and certain states, the European Union, and the United Kingdom, that have adopted or proposed laws related to climate and sustainability reporting. For example, the European Parliament adopted the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD), which will introduce additional due diligence and disclosure requirements addressing sustainability that we expect will apply to us in the coming years. These and future laws, regulations or policies could significantly increase our operational and compliance burdens and costs. 
For further discussion of risks relating to the regulations to which we are subject, see