Item 3. Legal Proceedings.
We are not a party to any material pending legal proceedings. From time to time, we may be subject to legal proceedings and claims arising in the ordinary course of business. The outcome of any such claims or proceedings, regardless of the merits, is inherently uncertain. The information contained in “Note 14—Commitments and Contingencies” in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report is incorporated by reference into this Item 3. 
Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures.
Not applicable.
45
PART II
Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.
Market Information
Our common stock and public warrants are listed and traded on the Nasdaq Stock Exchange under the symbols “CIFR” and “CIFRW,” respectively. 
Holders
As of February 24, 2025, there were 25 holders of record of our common stock and 1 holder of record of our public warrants. Such numbers do not include beneficial owners holding our securities through nominee names. The actual number of stockholders is greater than this number of record holders, and includes stockholders who are beneficial owners but whose shares are held in street name by brokers or other nominees.
Dividend Policy
We have never declared or paid any dividends on our capital stock, and we do not currently intend to pay any cash dividends for the foreseeable future. We expect to retain future earnings, if any, to fund the development and growth of our business. Any future determination to pay dividends on our common stock will be at the discretion of the Board and will depend upon, among other factors, our financial condition, operating results, current and anticipated cash needs, plans for expansion and other factors that the Board may deem relevant.
Recent Sales of Unregistered Equity Securities
None.
Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
None. 
Item 6. [Reserved]
46
Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.
You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report. This discussion contains forward‑looking statements based upon current plans, expectations and beliefs involving risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward‑looking statements as a result of various factors, including those set forth in Part 1, Item 1A, “Risk Factors” and other factors set forth in other parts of this Annual Report.
Unless the context otherwise requires, references in this Annual Report to the “Company,” “Cipher,” “Cipher Mining,” “we,” “us” or “our” refers to Cipher Mining Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, unless otherwise indicated.
Overview
We develop and operate industrial-scale data centers. Our active portfolio and development pipeline is expected to consist of more than 3.0 GW of capacity across 11 sites. We currently operate four bitcoin mining data centers and have a pipeline of seven additional sites in Texas, including one site expected to energize in May 2025.  As we develop the sites in our pipeline and source future sites, we evaluate their suitability for either bitcoin mining or HPC. For further details on our data centers, see “
Business—Data Center Portfolio
.”
Our current intention is to continue expanding our business by developing and operating industrial-scale data centers for bitcoin mining and HPC, expanding capacity at our current data centers, developing our treasury management platform and entering into other strategic arrangements, such as joint ventures, data center hosting and leasing agreements, or software licensing arrangements. We aim to be a market leader in innovation, including in bitcoin mining growth, data center construction and as a hosting partner to HPC companies. 
We currently operate 327 MW of facilities across four bitcoin mining data centers in Texas, including one wholly-owned data center and three partially-owned data centers that we acquired through investments in joint ventures. We also have a pipeline of approximately 2.8 GW across seven additional sites in Texas, including one site that we expect to energize in May 2025. We will continue to evaluate other sites, locations and partnerships to expand our data center operations, selecting sites that are suitable for bitcoin mining and HPC data centers. 
As of January 31, 2025, we operated an aggregate hashrate capacity of approximately 15.7 exahash per second (“EH/s”), deploying approximately 327 megawatts (“MW”) of electricity, of which we owned an aggregate hashrate capacity of approximately 13.5 EH/s, deploying approximately 266 MW of electricity. As further discussed in “—
Our Strategy
”, we plan to deploy an additional approximately 150 MW for a total of approximately 477 MW of electrical capacity by the end of 2025, and a corresponding hashrate of at least approximately 25.2 EH/s, of which we expect to own approximately 23.0 EH/s, with the remainder being owned by WindHQ, our JV partner. For further details on our joint ventures, see “
Business—Business Agreements—Joint Ventures
.”  
Recent Developments
On January 30, 2025, we entered into a subscription agreement with Star Beacon LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of SoftBank Group Corp. (“SoftBank”), pursuant to which, among other things, SoftBank agreed to subscribe for and purchase from us, and we agreed to issue and sell to SoftBank, an aggregate of approximately 10,438,413 newly issued shares of our common stock, par value $0.001, at a per share purchase price of $4.79 for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $50 million. As part of this transaction, we agreed prior to February 28, 2025, we would not enter into binding definitive documentation with respect to the sale, transfer, divestiture or encumbrance of the Barber Lake property with any person other than SoftBank and its affiliates.
On January 31, 2025, we executed our option as part of the Amendment Agreement, further described in 
Note 6. Deposits on equipment
, with Bitmain to obtain Antminer S21 XP miners for delivery between May and June 2025. We intend to use these machines at the Black Pearl Facility. As of February 25, 2025, we owe  $139 million remaining for these machine purchases. 
47
Factors Affecting Our Results of Operations
We believe that our performance and future success depend on a number of factors that present significant opportunities for us. These factors also pose risks and challenges, including those discussed in Part I, Item 1A. “Risk Factors” of this Annual Report.
Market Value of Bitcoin
.
Our revenues comprise a combination of: (i) block rewards in bitcoin, which are fixed rewards programmed into the bitcoin software that are awarded to a miner or a group of miners for solving the cryptographic problem required to create a new block on a given blockchain and (ii) transaction fees in bitcoin, which are flexible fees earned for verifying transactions in support of the blockchain. For further details, see “
Business—Revenue Structure.
” 
Our revenues are directly impacted by changes in the market value of bitcoin. For example, the market price of one bitcoin in our principal market ranged from approximately $38,501 to $108,389 during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 and $16,490 to $45,000 during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023. Furthermore, block rewards are fixed and the Bitcoin network is designed to periodically reduce them through halving. Currently the block rewards are fixed at 3.125 bitcoin per block after the latest halving in April 2024. The halving events happen without any regard to ongoing demand, meaning that if the ongoing demand remains the same after a halving event, whatever demand was being met by new supply will be restricted, which may necessitate an adjustment of the price of bitcoin, though there is no definitive evidence of a causal link between bitcoin’s programmatic decrease in supply and broadening demand.
Bitcoin miners also collect transaction fees for each transaction they confirm. Miners validate unconfirmed transactions by adding the previously unconfirmed transactions to new blocks in the blockchain. Miners are not forced to confirm any specific transaction, but they are economically incentivized to confirm valid transactions as a means of collecting fees. Miners have historically accepted relatively low transaction confirmation fees, but transaction fees vary and it is difficult to predict what transaction fees will be in the future.
As the use of the Bitcoin network expands and the total number of bitcoin available to mine and, thus, the block rewards, declines over time, we expect the mining incentive structure to transition to a higher reliance on transaction confirmation fees, and the transaction fees to become a larger proportion of the revenues to miners. 
We have expenses denominated primarily in United States dollars. As such, we are likely to need to sell a portion of the bitcoin we mine to generate dollars to meet expenses. This means the market value of bitcoin will always be a significant factor affecting our results of operations.
Capacity and Efficiency of Mining Machines
.
Because the number of bitcoin mined is directly related to the size and efficiency of a bitcoin mining company’s fleet of miners, we believe we need to deploy increasingly sophisticated miners in ever greater quantities to remain competitive as the overall hashrate and difficulty of the Bitcoin network increases.
We believe that our commitment to cost and mining efficiency remains our competitive advantage. The majority of our capital expenditures have been directed towards the latest models of mining machines and technology featuring industry-leading capacity, speed and efficiency. We believe that we operate one of the most efficient mining rig fleets in the global market. We believe that to maintain our competitive advantage over the long term, we must develop and maintain strong relationships across the mining rig supply chain, and strategically invest in state-of-the art miners at attractive prices, while effectively managing our fleet as it ages along the obsolescence curve.
Cost and Source of Power
. 
Mining bitcoin is a highly power-intensive process, with large amounts of electrical power required to operate the mining rigs. We believe that cost efficiency, and particularly, maintaining cost of power efficiency in bitcoin mining over the long term, are necessary for success. We currently have a portfolio of competitively priced electrical power. However, there is no guarantee that we will be able to negotiate additional power agreements on similar terms, or at all. See “
Risk Factors—Risks Related to Our Business, Industry and Operations—We may be affected by price fluctuations in the wholesale and retail power markets.
” Our four currently operational data centers are all located in west Texas and the Texas Panhandle, which are areas that we believe have site development potential with access to competitively priced electrical power, whether through grid connection, through solar and wind generation facilities, or otherwise.  We believe these strategic investments will generate long-term returns in the form of controlled access to low cost, responsible sources 
48
of power and differentiate us from our competitors. However, after the initial terms of our current power purchase arrangements end, we may not be able to secure similarly competitively priced access to the electrical power needed for our data centers to mine bitcoin profitably. 
Competition
.
Our business environment is constantly evolving. In the past few years there have been many new entrants and existing competitors in the bitcoin mining space and a general increase in the competition for industrial-scale bitcoin mining companies with whom we compete over aspects of our industry, such as hashrate and power capacity.  Additionally, there have been new entrants in the data center space, such as HPC companies, with whom we may compete over power availability.  As the 
competition
 for power capacity and data center locations continues to increase, we have been able to capitalize on our commitment to innovation and flexibility by expanding our business to include data center construction for industries beyond bitcoin mining, such as HPC hosting.
The number of bitcoin we are able to mine depends on the size of our share of the total network hashrate. It is very difficult to predict changes in network hashrate. To the extent that we are unable to maintain our market share, or in other words, to the extent that the relative portion our network hashrate represents as compared to the total network hashrate decreases, we may mine fewer bitcoin than anticipated and the results of our operations may suffer. See “
Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Business, Industry and Operations — We operate in a highly competitive industry and we compete against companies that operate in less regulated environments as well as companies with greater financial and other resources, and our business, operating results, and financial condition may be adversely affected if we are unable to respond to our competitors effectively
.”
Global Supply Chain Constraints.
The operations of our facilities and our other expansion plans, require specialized equipment, large quantities of construction materials and other component parts that can be difficult to source. We may experience disruptions to our business operations resulting from delays in construction and obtaining necessary equipment in a timely fashion due to global supply chain delays caused by geopolitical unrest, global pandemics, or other factors. Global supply logistics have caused delays across all channels of distribution, and we have also experienced delays in certain of our miner delivery schedules. Additionally, the global supply chain for data center construction equipment, such as transformers and substations, is presently further constrained due to unprecedented demand. Based on our current assessments, we do not expect any material impact on long-term development, operations, or liquidity. However, we continue to monitor developments in the global supply chain and assess their potential impact on our operations and expansion plans. 
Regulation.
As a company operating at the intersection of data center, bitcoin mining and HPC hosting services, we are committed to maintaining a proactive and adaptive approach to regulatory compliance. We closely monitor legislative and regulatory developments and engage in dialogue with relevant stakeholders to ensure our business practices align with the evolving legal and regulatory framework. Despite uncertainties posed by a changing regulatory landscape, we remain committed to maintaining innovative and responsible business practices in data center, bitcoin mining and HPC hosting markets.  We operate in a complex and rapidly evolving regulatory environment and we are subject to a wide range of laws and regulations enacted by U.S. federal, state and local governments, governmental agencies and regulatory authorities, including the SEC, the CFTC, the FTC and FinCEN, as well as similar entities in other countries. Other regulatory bodies, governmental or semi-governmental, have shown an interest in regulating or investigating companies engaged in the blockchain or cryptocurrency businesses.
As the regulatory and legal environment evolves, we may become subject to new laws and further regulation by the SEC, CFTC, other federal agencies and state and local governments, which may affect our mining and other activities.  For example, on January 23, 2025, the Trump Administration signed an executive order titled “Strengthening American Leadership in Digital Financial Technology,” which introduces new dynamics to the regulatory landscape. This order emphasizes the importance of the digital asset industry in U.S. innovation and economic development, outlining policies to support the growth and use of digital assets and blockchain technology. Key policies outlined in the executive order include ensuring access to open public blockchain networks for lawful purposes, promoting the U.S. dollar's sovereignty through lawful dollar-backed stablecoins, and providing regulatory clarity with technology-neutral regulations. The establishment of a new working group within the National Economic Council to propose a federal regulatory framework for digital assets could lead to significant changes in market structure, oversight, consumer protection, and risk management. The evolving regulatory environment may pose challenges to our operations, particularly if new regulations introduce additional compliance costs or restrict certain activities. Additionally, various bills have been proposed in the U.S. Congress related to 
49
our business, which may be adopted and have an impact on us, and governmental agencies and regulatory authorities, such as the SEC, the CFTC, the FTC and FinCEN, may also enact regulations related to our business, which may have an impact on us. 
On a state level, there have been several recent legislative efforts to manage power consumption and support grid reliability, which affects our business, as an operator of industrial-scale data centers.  In 2025, the Texas legislature introduced legislation to support ERCOT’s grid reliability by proposing minimum transmission rates on certain large loads and removing phantom loads from its interconnection queue to enhance accuracy of actual future load growth. Such regulation may increase the costs of running our current data centers and sourcing new potential sites in Texas.  In 2025, the PUCT also required operators of large virtual currency mining operations connected to register their facilities with the PUCT. For additional discussion regarding our belief about the potential risks existing and future regulation pose to our business, see “
Risk Factors—Risks Related to Regulatory Framework.
”
Furthermore, because we may strategically expand our operations into new areas, see “
Business
—
Our Strategy— Commitment to growth, innovation and retaining flexibility to consider strategically adjacent opportunities to expand our business model,
” we may become subject to additional regulatory requirements.
50
Summary of Bitcoin Mining Results
The following table presents information about our Bitcoin mining activities for the year ended December 31, 2024, including bitcoin production and sales of bitcoin (dollar amounts in thousands):
Quantity

Amounts

Opening balance
780 
$
32,978 
Bitcoin received from equity investees
442 
18,089 
Bitcoin received from mining activities
2,189 
151,296 
Bitcoin received from loan
99 
9,976 
Bitcoin loan payments
(20)
(1,977)
Proceeds from sale of bitcoin
(2,151)
(148,870)
Realized gains on sale of bitcoin
— 
51,548 
Unrealized gains on bitcoin
— 
11,313 
Bitcoin transferred to collateral, net
(345)
(31,702)
Ending balance
994 
$
92,651 
51
Components of Our Results of Operations
Revenue
Our revenue consists of bitcoin earned through mining activities at the Odessa Facility. We currently participate in third-party mining pools to mine bitcoin. The provision of computing power in accordance with the mining pool operator’s terms of service is the only performance obligation in our contract with the mining pool operator. We are entitled to a fractional share of the fixed cryptocurrency award from the mining pool operator (referred to as a “block reward”) and potentially transaction fees generated from blockchain users and distributed to individual miners by the mining pool operator.
Our fractional share of the block reward is based on the proportion of computing power we contributed to the mining pool operator to the total computing power contributed by all mining pool participants in solving the current algorithm, over the contract term. The block reward is pre-determined and hard coded into the protocol governing the relevant blockchain. Our proportionate share of transaction fees is based on our 
contributed share of hashrate as a percentage of total network hashrate during the contract term. The 
transaction fees are the aggregate fees paid by parties whose transactions are included in the block. 
Bitcoin earned is 
measured at fair value at contract inception and is recognized in revenue over the contract term as hashrate is provided.
Cost of revenue
Cost of revenue consists of direct production costs of bitcoin mining operations, primarily electricity expenses, as well as other facilities costs associated with our wholly-owned Odessa Facility, but excludes depreciation which is separately stated.
General and administrative expenses
General and administrative expenses represent insurance expense, rent expense, professional fees, including accounting and audit, consulting, legal, public relations and/or investor relations expenses, non-income taxes and licenses, travel, and other expenses. We expect our administrative fees to remain high as we incur the ongoing costs of operating as a public company, including increased director and officer insurance costs, and increased travel and conference participation expenses.
Depreciation
Our depreciation expense consists mainly of depreciation for our miners and mining equipment, as well as depreciation associated with leasehold improvements and other capitalized assets. We capitalize the cost of our mining machines and record depreciation expense on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the machines, which is generally 3 years. Leasehold improvements include capitalized asset retirement costs, which are amortized over the estimated useful life of the related asset. All other leasehold improvements are depreciated over the lesser of the estimated useful life of the asset or the remaining life of the related lease.
Change in fair value of derivative asset and power sales
The change in fair value of derivative asset represents the changes in fair value of the Luminant Power Agreement recorded during the reporting period.
Equity in losses of equity investees
Equity in losses of equity investees includes our share of the losses recorded by Alborz LLC, Bear LLC and Chief Mountain LLC. Additionally, it includes the losses that we recognized upon our contributions of miners to these equity investees, due to the miners having a lower fair value at the time of the contributions than our costs paid to obtain them, which resulted in basis differences between the cost of the investments on our consolidated balance sheet and the amount of our underlying equity in the net assets of the investee attributed to the miners. We are accreting these basis differences and recognizing the accretion as a reduction to our share of the losses recognized by Alborz LLC, Bear LLC and Chief Mountain LLC within the equity in losses of equity investees on the consolidated statement of operations over the depreciation period for the miners.
52
Changes in fair value of bitcoin and realized gain/loss on sale of bitcoin
All of our bitcoin is recorded as a current asset on our consolidated balance sheet as we expect to begin regularly exchanging our bitcoin held for fiat currency to fund our operating expenses. We adopted ASU 2023-08 effective January 1, 2023, which requires cryptocurrencies to be measured at fair value each reporting period with changes in fair value being reported in net income.
The fair value of bitcoin has been highly volatile since we began to obtain bitcoin through our operating activities, which has impacted our operating results and we expect volatility in the fair value of bitcoin to continue for the foreseeable future.
Provision for income taxes
Our provision for income taxes primarily consists of U.S. deferred federal taxes. A valuation allowance is recorded against substantially all of our net deferred tax assets, which are composed primarily of federal and state net operating loss carryforwards, stock-based compensation, non-goodwill intangibles, investments in joint ventures and lease liabilities; in addition, we have deferred tax liabilities resulting from our derivative and right-to-use assets. Our ability to offset our deferred tax liabilities with our deferred tax assets is limited due to restrictions on the ability to offset taxable income by more than eighty percent with federal net operating losses. As a result, we have recorded a deferred tax liability for the amount of future taxable income that is not expected to be covered by net operating losses. We evaluate our ability to recognize our deferred tax assets annually by considering all positive and negative evidence available as proscribed by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) under its general principles of Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) 740, 
Income Taxes
.
53
Results of Operations
The following table presents sets forth our results of operations for the periods indicated (in thousands):
Year Ended December 31,
2024
2023
Revenue - bitcoin mining
$
151,270 
$
126,842 
Costs and operating (expenses) income
Cost of revenue
(62,364)
(50,309)
Compensation and benefits
(60,796)
(57,399)
General and administrative
(32,655)
(27,796)
Depreciation and amortization
(102,448)
(59,093)
Change in fair value of derivative asset
(7,921)
26,836 
Power sales
5,405 
9,941 
Equity in losses of equity investees
(384)
(2,530)
Unrealized gains on fair value of bitcoin
11,313 
3,299 
Realized gains on sale of bitcoin
51,548 
7,739 
Other gains
3,333 
2,355 
Total costs and operating expenses
(194,969)
(146,957)
Operating loss
(43,699)
(20,115)
Other income (expense)
Interest income
3,384 
164 
Interest expense
(1,708)
(1,999)
Change in fair value of warrant liability
250 
(243)
Other expense
(2,544)
(17)
Total other income (expense)
(618)
(2,095)
Loss before taxes
(44,317)
(22,210)
Current income tax expense
(1,255)
(201)
Deferred income tax benefit (expense)
937 
(3,366)
Total income tax benefit (expense)
(318)
(3,567)
Net loss
$
(44,635)
$
(25,777)
Comparative Results for the Years Ended December 31, 2024 and 2023
Revenue
Revenue for the year ended December 31, 2024 was $151.3 million, compared to $126.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, and was generated entirely from bitcoin mining operations at the Odessa Facility. The increase year over year was primarily driven by an overall increase in bitcoin price in the current year, partially offset by the halving in April 2024 which reduced the bitcoin reward per block from 6.25 to 3.125.
Cost of revenue
Cost of revenue for the year ended December 31, 2024 was $62.4 million, compared with $50.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, and consisted primarily of power costs at the Odessa Facility. The increase in the current year period was primarily due to expenses incurred related to the fleet upgrade at the Odessa Facility, in addition to drawing power from the grid at Odessa when our power provider curtailed us under our Power Purchase Agreement.
54
Compensation and benefits
Compensation and benefits for the year ended December 31, 2024 was $60.8 million, an increase of $3.4 million compared to $57.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2023. The increase was primarily due to an increase in headcount year-over-year.
General and administrative
General and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2024 was $32.7 million, an increase of $4.9 million compared to $27.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2023. The increase was primarily driven by an increase in legal fees related to strategic initiatives, and professional fees related to SOX 404 compliance as a result of losing Emerging Growth Company status in 2024.
Depreciation and amortization
Depreciation and amortization for the year ended December 31, 2024 was $102.4 million, an increase of $43.3 million compared to Depreciation and amortization of $59.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2023. The increase was primarily due to increased miners, and mining equipment at the Odessa Facility, as well as the change in the estimated useful life of our miners from five years to three years.
Change in fair value of derivative asset
Change in fair value of derivative asset was a $7.9 million decrease for the year ended December 31, 2024 and was driven by the fair value of the Luminant Power Agreement. The estimated fair value of our derivative asset was derived from Level 2 and Level 3 inputs, and, due to a lack of quoted prices for similar type assets, is classified in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. Specifically, the discounted cash flow estimation models contain quoted spot and forward prices for electricity, as well as estimated usage rates consistent with the terms of the Luminant Power Agreement, the initial term of which is five years.
Power sales
At our Odessa Facility, we sell excess electricity that was available under the Luminant Power Agreement, but not needed in our mining operations, back to the ERCOT market through Luminant. We sold power for proceeds of $5.4 million and $9.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2024, and 2023, respectively.  Power sales fluctuate each period based on power and bitcoin prices which are volatile.
Equity in losses of equity investees
Equity in losses of equity investees totaled $0.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2024 compared to losses of $2.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2023. Equity in losses of equity investees consists of our 49% share in the earnings (losses) generated by our three partially-owned mining sites, and the accretion of the basis differences in our investments in the equity investees that resulted from contributions of miners during the year ended December 31, 2022. We are accreting these basis differences over the five-year useful life of the miners.
Unrealized gains on fair value of bitcoin
Unrealized gains on fair value of bitcoin totaled $11.3 million and $3.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2024, and 2023, respectively. The increase in the current period was primarily due to the increase in our bitcoin treasury compared to the prior period, as well as the increase in bitcoin price in the current year compared to the prior year.
Realized gains on sale of bitcoin
Realized gains on sale of bitcoin totaled $51.5 million and $7.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2024, and 2023, respectively. The increase in the current period was primarily related to gains recognized on bitcoin sales used to fund construction and site acquisitions in the current period.
55
Other expense
Other income totaled $0.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2024, compared to $2.1 million of Other expense for the year ended December 31, 2023. The decrease was primarily related to interest income on excess cash held in interest bearing accounts in the current year period.
Provision for (benefit from) income taxes
For the year ended December 31, 2024, we recorded a provision for income taxes of $0.3 million as a result of projected income for the current year in the jurisdictions which we operate. For the year ended December 31, 2023, we recorded a benefit for income taxes of $3.6 million.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
We had cash flows from operations of $87.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2024. As of December 31, 2024, we had cash and cash equivalents of $5.6 million, total stockholders’ equity of $682.0 million and an accumulated deficit of $181.4 million. We fund operations primarily through a combination of at-the-market stock issuances and bitcoin sales.
We have established an at-the-market sales agreement with Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Canaccord Genuity LLC, Needham & Company, LLC, Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.,  Virtu Americas LLC, and BTIG, LLC (each, an “Agent” and, together, the “Agents”), pursuant to which we may, from time to time, sell shares of our common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to $725.7 million. For the year ended December 31, 2024, we received net proceeds on sales of 52.8 million shares of common stock under the Amended and Restated Sales Agreement of approximately $221.7 million (net of commissions and expenses) at an average net selling price of $4.20 per share. For more information on our at-the-market sales agreement and our at-the-market offerings, see “Note 15, 
Stockholders’ Equity — At-the-Market Sales Agreement
.” 
On August 14, 2023, we entered into a master loan agreement with Coinbase Credit, Inc., as lender, and Coinbase, Inc., as lending service provider. Pursuant to the master loan agreement, we currently have a secured line of credit up to $25.0 million (the “Coinbase Overnight Credit Facility”). We will not incur commitment fees for unused portions of the Coinbase Overnight Credit Facility. The borrowing rate on amounts drawn against the Coinbase Overnight Credit Facility is determined on the basis of the Federal Funds Target Rate - Upper Bound, plus 2.5%, calculated daily based on a 365-day year and payable monthly for the duration of the loan. Borrowings under the Coinbase Overnight Credit Facility are available on demand, open term, and collateralized by bitcoin transferred to the lending service provider’s platform. As of December 31, 2024 we had $25.0 million drawn from the Coinbase Overnight Credit Facility, $15 million of which was repaid prior to February 25, 2025. Additionally, we established a term loan facility with Coinbase with a limit of $35.0 million and maximum period of one year (the “Term Loan Facility”). Coinbase has the right to terminate loans under the Term Loan Facility if the price of bitcoin falls below $40,000. As of December 31, 2024, we were in compliance with the covenants under the Coinbase Overnight Credit Facility.
On December 13, 2024, we entered into an agreement with Luxor Technology Corporation (“Luxor”) to borrow 98.57 bitcoin for a 95 day period, which we were able to use as a source of short-term financing.
Management believes that our existing financial resources, combined with projected cash and bitcoin inflows from our data centers, our intent and ability to sell bitcoin received or earned, and our intent and ability to sell common stock through at-the-market offerings will be sufficient to enable us to meet our operating and capital requirements for at least 12 months from the date the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report are issued and the foreseeable future.
56
Cash Flows
The following table summarizes our sources and uses of cash for the periods indicated (in thousands):
Year Ended December 31,
2024
2023
Net cash used in operating activities
$
(87,511)
$
(94,241)
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities
(192,129)
52,755 
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities
213,512 
115,664 
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents
$
(66,128)
$
74,178 
Operating Activities
Net cash used in operating activities decreased by $6.7 million to $87.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2024 from $94.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2023. We incurred a net loss of $44.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2024, compared to a net loss of $25.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, representing an increase of $18.9 million. Cash flows from operating activities was impacted by a $3.5 million increase in non-cash items, primarily driven by a $25.0 million increase in bitcoin received as payment from our mining pool operator, $34.8 million loss on our derivative asset, and a $43.8 million increase in gains on the fair value of bitcoin. Additionally, changes in assets and liabilities resulted in an increase in cash used of $29.1 million between the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023.
Investing Activities
Cash flows used in investing activities increased by $245 million to $192.1 million of net cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2024 compared to $52.8 million of net cash provided by investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2023. This change primarily related to $129.1 million of deposits primarily related to new miner purchases, and a $33.6 million increase in contributions to equity investees related to capital expenditures and operations at the Bear and Chief facilities, partially offset by a $119.0 million increase in purchases of property and equipment related to building out the Black Pearl facility, and acquisition of the Barber Lake Facility.
Financing Activities
Cash flows provided by financing activities increased by $97.8 million to $213.5 million net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2024 from $115.7 million net cash used in financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2023. This change was primarily driven by $89.3 million increase in proceeds from the issuance of common stock during the year ended December 31, 2024.
Contractual Obligations and Other Commitments
On December 17, 2021, we entered into a lease agreement for office space, amended in the second quarter of 2024, with a term through May 2029. Monthly rent payments associated with the amended lease are approximately $0.2 million.
We also entered into a series of agreements with affiliates of Luminant ET Services Company LLC ( “Luminant”), including the Lease Agreement dated June 29, 2021, with amendment and restatement on July 9, 2021 (as amended and restated, the “Luminant Lease Agreement”). The Luminant Lease Agreement leases a plot of land to us where our data center, ancillary infrastructure and electrical system (the “Interconnection Electrical Facilities” or “substation”) have been set up for our Odessa Facility. We entered into the Luminant Lease Agreement and the Luminant Purchase and Sale Agreement to build the infrastructure necessary to support our planned operations. Management determined that the Luminant Lease Agreement and the Luminant Purchase and Sale Agreement should be combined for accounting purposes under ASC 842 (collectively, the “Combined Luminant Lease Agreement”) and that amounts exchanged under the combined contract should be allocated to the various components of the overall transaction based on relative fair values.
Our management determined that the Combined Luminant Lease Agreement contains two lease components; and the components should be accounted for together as a single lease component, because the effect of accounting for the land lease separately would be insignificant. 
57
The Combined Luminant Lease Agreement commenced on November 22, 2022 and has an initial term of five years, with renewal provisions that are aligned with the Luminant Power Agreement. Financing for use of the land and substation is provided by Luminant affiliates. Despite lease commencement in November 2022, we had not been required by Luminant to make any lease payments for the substation prior to July 2023, therefore we accrued amounts due under the Combined Luminant Lease Agreement in accrued expenses and other current liabilities on its consolidated balance sheet. 
On August 23, 2023, we entered into a second amendment of the Luminant Lease Agreement, the terms of which included an amended payment schedule, reflecting monthly installments of principal and interest totaling $19.7 million on an undiscounted basis, due over the remaining four-year period starting in July 2023. This amendment did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.
At the end of the lease term for the Interconnection Electrical Facilities, the substation will be sold back to Luminant’s affiliate, Vistra Operations Company, LLC at a price to be determined based upon bids obtained in the secondary market.
Non-GAAP Financial Measures
We are providing supplemental financial measures for Adjusted Earnings (Loss) and Adjusted Earnings (Loss) per share - diluted, in each case that exclude the impact of (i) the non-cash change in fair value of derivative asset, (ii) share-based compensation expense, (iii) depreciation and amortization, (iv) deferred income tax expense, (v) nonrecurring gains and losses and (vi) the non-cash change in fair value of warrant liability. These supplemental financial measures are not measurements of financial performance under accounting principles generally accepted in the United Stated (“GAAP”) and, as a result, these supplemental financial measures may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies. Management uses these non-GAAP financial measures internally to help understand, manage, and evaluate our business performance and to help make operating decisions. We believe the use of these non-GAAP financial measures can also facilitate comparison of our operating results to those of our competitors by excluding certain items that vary in our industry based on company policy.
Non-GAAP financial measures are subject to material limitations as they are not in accordance with, or a substitute for, measurements prepared in accordance with GAAP. For example, we expect that share-based compensation expense, which is excluded from the non-GAAP financial measure, will continue to be a significant recurring expense over the coming years and is an important part of the compensation provided to certain employees, officers and directors. Similarly, we expect that depreciation and amortization will continue to be a recurring expense over the term of the useful life of the related assets. Our non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation and should be read only in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. We rely primarily on such consolidated financial statements to understand, manage and evaluate our business performance and use the non-GAAP financial measures only supplementally.
The following is a reconciliation of our Adjusted Earnings to the most directly comparable GAAP measure for the periods indicated (in thousands):
Year Ended December 31,
2024
2023
 Reconciliation of Adjusted Earnings: 
Net loss
$
(44,635)
$
(25,777)
 Change in fair value of derivative asset 
7,921 
(26,836)
 Share-based compensation expense 
42,132 
38,470 
 Depreciation and amortization 
102,448 
59,093 
 Deferred income tax expense 
(937)
3,366 
Other gains - nonrecurring
— 
(2,355)
 Change in fair value of warrant liability 
(250)
243 
 Adjusted (loss) earnings 
$
106,679 
$
46,204 
The following is a reconciliation of our Adjusted Earnings (Loss) per share - diluted to the most directly comparable GAAP measure for the periods indicated:
58
Year Ended December 31,
2024
2023
Reconciliation of Adjusted Earnings per share - diluted:
Net loss per share - diluted
$
(0.14)
$
(0.10)
Change in fair value of derivative asset per diluted share
0.02 
(0.11)
Share-based compensation expense per diluted share
0.13 
0.15 
Depreciation and amortization per diluted share
0.32 
0.23 
Deferred income tax expense per diluted share
— 
0.01 
Other gains - nonrecurring per diluted share
— 
(0.01)
Change in fair value of warrant liability per diluted share
— 
— 
Adjusted (loss) earnings per diluted share
$
0.33 
$
0.17 
Critical Accounting Policies, and Use of Estimates
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting period. As of, and for the year ended December 31, 2024, the most significant estimates inherent in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements include, but are not limited to, those related to equity instruments issued in share-based compensation arrangements, valuations of the derivative asset, determination of our asset retirement obligations and the valuation allowance associated with our deferred tax assets. Making estimates requires management to exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition, situation or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the financial statements, which management considered in formulating its estimate, could change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly, the actual results could differ significantly from those estimates.
While our significant accounting policies are described in the notes to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report, we believe that the following critical accounting policies are most important to understanding and evaluating our reported and future financial results.
Fair value of financial instruments
Our financial assets and liabilities are accounted for in accordance with ASC 820, 
Fair Value Measurement
, which defines fair value as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. The fair value hierarchy requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs when measuring fair value and classifies those inputs into three levels:
Level 1 – Observable inputs, such as quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities.
Level 2 – Inputs other than Level 1 inputs that are either directly or indirectly observable, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the instrument’s anticipated life.
Level 3 – Unobservable inputs in which there is little or no market data, which require the reporting entity to develop its own assumptions.
To the extent the valuation is based on models or inputs that are less observable or unobservable in the market, the determination of fair values requires more judgment. Accordingly, the degree of judgment exercised by management in determining fair value is greatest for instruments categorized as Level 3. A financial instrument’s level within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of any input that is significant to the fair value measurement.
The carrying values reported in our consolidated balance sheets for cash (excluding cash equivalents which are recorded at fair value on a recurring basis), accounts payable and accrued expenses and other current liabilities are reasonable estimates of their fair values due to the short-term nature of these items.
59
Bitcoin
Bitcoin are included in current assets on our consolidated balance sheets. Bitcoin received through our wholly-owned mining activities are accounted for in connection with our revenue recognition policy. Bitcoin awarded to us as distributions-in-kind from equity investees are accounted for in accordance with ASC 845, 
Nonmonetary Transactions
, and recorded at fair value upon receipt.
Bitcoin we hold is accounted for under ASC 350-60, 
Crypto Assets, 
issued by the FASB in December 2023. Intangible assets under the scope of this subtopic are measured at fair value on our consolidated balance sheet. We determine the fair value of our bitcoin on a nonrecurring basis in accordance with ASC 820 based on quoted prices on the active trading platform (Level 1 inputs). Prior to the adoption of ASU 2023-08, bitcoin was accounted for as an intangible asset subject to impairment. Upon adoption of ASC 350-60 on January 1, 2023, we recorded an opening adjustment to retained earnings of $0.2 million.
Bitcoin awarded to us through our mining activities are included as an adjustment to reconcile net loss to cash used in operating activities on the consolidated statements of cash flows. Proceeds from sales of bitcoin sold nearly immediately are included within cash flows from operating activities, and proceeds from bitcoin held for over one week are included within cash flow from investing activities on the consolidated statements of cash flows and any realized gains or losses from such sales are included in costs and operating expenses (income) on the consolidated statements of operations. The receipt of bitcoin as distributions-in-kind from equity investees are included within investing activities on the consolidated statements of cash flows. Bitcoin are sold on a first-in-first-out (“FIFO”) basis.
Derivative asset
Management determined that, as of July 1, 2022, the Luminant Power Agreement meets the definition of a derivative under ASC 815, 
Derivatives and Hedging
. Because we have the ability to sell our electricity rather than take physical delivery, physical delivery is not probable through the entirety of the contract and therefore, management does not believe the normal purchases and normal sales scope exception applies to the Luminant Power Agreement. Accordingly, the Luminant Power Agreement (the non-hedging derivative contract) is recorded at an estimated fair value each reporting period with the change in the fair value recorded in change in fair value of derivative asset in the consolidated statements of operations. 
The estimated fair value of our derivative asset was derived from Level 2 and Level 3 inputs (i.e., unobservable inputs) due to a lack of quoted prices for similar type assets and as such, is classified in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. Specifically, the discounted cash flow estimation models contain quoted spot and forward prices for electricity, as well as estimated usage rates consistent with the terms of the Luminant Power Agreement, the initial term of which is five years. The valuations performed by the third-party valuation firm engaged by management utilized pre-tax discount rates of 5.96% and 6.11% as of December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and include observable market inputs, but also include unobservable inputs based on qualitative judgment related to company-specific risk factors. Unrealized gains associated with the derivative asset within the Level 3 category include changes in fair value that were attributable to amendments to the Luminant Power Agreement, changes to the quoted forward electricity rates, as well as unobservable inputs (e.g., changes in estimated usage rates and discount rate assumptions).
Asset retirement obligations
Asset retirement obligations relate to the legal obligations associated with the retirement of long-lived assets that result from the construction, development and/or normal operation of a long-lived asset. We currently have one asset retirement obligation (“ARO”) recorded related to the construction of the data center and installation of the related electrical infrastructure at the Odessa Facility. ASC 410, 
Asset Retirement and Environmental Obligations,
 requires an entity to record the fair value of a liability for an ARO in the period in which it is incurred if a reasonable estimate of fair value can be made. Due to the long lead time involved until decommissioning activities occur, we use a present value technique to estimate the liability. A liability for the fair value of the ARO based on the expected present value of estimated future decommissioning costs with a corresponding increase to the carrying value of the related long-lived asset (leasehold improvements) was recorded upon commencement of the lease in November 2022. Additionally, an ARO for our Black Pearl Facility will be analyzed and recorded upon completion of construction. The estimated capitalized asset retirement costs are depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated remaining useful life of the related long-lived asset, with such depreciation included in depreciation expense in the consolidated statements of operations. The ARO is accreted based on the original discount rate and is recognized as an increase in the carrying amount of the liability and as a charge to accretion expense, which is included in depreciation expense in the consolidated statements of operations. Annually, or 
60
more frequently if an event occurs that would dictate a change in assumptions or estimates underlying the obligation, management reassesses the ARO to determine whether any revisions to the obligation are necessary. Revisions to the estimated ARO for items such as (i) new liabilities incurred, (ii) liabilities settled during the period and (iii) revisions to estimated future cash flow requirements (if any), will result in adjustments to the related capitalized asset and corresponding liability.
In order to determine the fair value of the ARO, management made certain estimates and assumptions including, among other things, projected cash flows, the borrowing interest rate and an assessment of market conditions that could significantly impact the estimated fair value. These estimates and assumptions are subjective.
Investment in equity investees
We account for investments using the equity method of accounting if the investments provide us with the ability to exercise significant influence, but not control, over our investees. Significant influence is generally deemed to exist if we have an ownership interest in the voting stock of an investee of between 20 percent and 50 percent, or an ownership interest greater than three to five percent in certain partnerships, unincorporated joint ventures and limited liability companies, although other factors are considered in determining whether the equity method of accounting is appropriate. Under this method, an investment in the common stock of an investee (including a joint venture) shall be initially measured and recorded at cost; however, an investor shall initially measure at fair value an investment in the common stock of an investee (including a joint venture) recognized upon the derecognition of a distinct nonfinancial asset at the time that control over the distinct nonfinancial asset is transferred to the equity investee, such as that which occurs upon our transfer of miners and mining equipment to a joint venture. 
Our investments are subsequently adjusted to recognize our share of net income or losses as they occur. We also adjust our investments upon receipt of bitcoin from an equity investee, which is accounted for as a distribution-in-kind. Our share of investees’ earnings or losses is recorded, net of taxes, within equity in losses of equity investees on the consolidated statements of operations. Additionally, our interest in the net assets of our equity method investees is reflected on the consolidated balance sheets. If, upon our contribution of nonfinancial assets to a joint venture, there is any difference between the cost of the investment and the amount of the underlying equity in the net assets of the investee, the difference is required to be accounted for as if the investee were a consolidated subsidiary. If the difference is assigned to depreciable or amortizable assets or liabilities, then the difference should be amortized or accreted in connection with the equity earnings based on our proportionate share of the investee’s net income or loss. If we are unable to relate the difference to specific accounts of the investee, the difference should be considered goodwill.
We consider whether the fair value of our equity method investments have declined below their carrying values whenever adverse events or changes in circumstances indicate that recorded values may not be recoverable. If we considered any such decline to be other than temporary (based on various factors, including historical financial results, success of the mining operations and the overall health of the investee’s industry), then we would record a write-down to the estimated fair value.
Impairment of long-lived assets
Management reviews long-lived assets, including leases and investments, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset, asset group, or investment may not be recoverable. 
Recoverability of assets to be held and used are measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. Because the impairment test for long-lived assets held in use is based on estimated undiscounted cash flows, there may be instances where an asset or asset group is not considered impaired, even when its fair value may be less than its carrying value, because the asset or asset group is recoverable based on the cash flows to be generated over the estimated life of the asset or asset group. If such assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets.
Leases
We account for leases in accordance with ASC 842, 
Leases
. Accordingly, management determines whether an arrangement contains a lease at the inception of the arrangement. If a lease is determined to exist, the term of such lease is assessed based on the date on which the underlying asset is made available for our use by the lessor. Management’s assessment of the lease term reflects the non-cancelable term of the lease, inclusive of any rent-free periods and/or periods 
61
covered by early-termination options which we are reasonably certain of not exercising, as well as periods covered by renewal options which we are reasonably certain of exercising. We also determine lease classification as either operating or finance at lease commencement, which governs the pattern of expense recognition and the presentation reflected in the consolidated statements of operations over the lease term.
For leases with a term exceeding 12 months, a lease liability is recorded on our consolidated balance sheet at lease commencement reflecting the present value of our fixed minimum payment obligations over the lease term. A corresponding right-of-use (“ROU”) asset equal to the initial lease liability is also recorded, adjusted for any accrued or prepaid rents and/or unamortized initial direct costs incurred in connection with execution of the lease and reduced by any lease incentives received. For purposes of measuring the present value of our fixed payment obligations for a given lease, we use our incremental borrowing rate, determined based on information available at lease commencement, if rates implicit in our leasing arrangements are not readily determinable. Our incremental borrowing rate reflects the rate we would pay to borrow on a secured basis and incorporates the term and economic environment of the associated lease. ROU assets will be reviewed for impairment, consistent with other long-lived assets, whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable.
Lease expense for operating leases is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term as an operating expense while the expense for finance leases is recognized as depreciation expense and interest expense using the interest method of recognition. For leases with a term of 12 months or less, any fixed payments are recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term and are not recognized on the Company’s consolidated balance sheet as an accounting policy election. Leases qualifying for the short-term lease exception are insignificant. Variable lease costs are expensed as incurred and are not included in the measurement of ROU assets and lease liabilities.
ASC 842 provides practical expedients for an entity’s ongoing accounting. The Company elected the practical expedient not to separate lease and non-lease components for all leases, which means all consideration that is fixed, or in-substance fixed, relating to the non-lease components will be captured as part of the Company’s lease components for balance sheet purposes. 
Revenue recognition 
We recognize revenue under ASC 606, 
Revenue from Contracts with Customers
. The core principle of the revenue standard is that a company should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The following five steps are applied to achieve that core principle:
•
Step 1: Identify the contract with the customer 
•
Step 2: Identify the performance obligations in the contract
•
Step 3: Determine the transaction price
•
Step 4: Allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract
•
Step 5: Recognize revenue when the company satisfies a performance obligation
In order to identify the performance obligations in a contract with a customer, a company must assess the promised goods or services in the contract and identify each promised good or service that is distinct. A performance obligation meets ASC 606’s definition of a “distinct” good or service (or bundle of goods or services) if both of the following criteria are met: The customer can benefit from the good or service either on its own or together with other resources that are readily available to the customer (i.e., the good or service is capable of being distinct), and the entity’s promise to transfer the good or service to the customer is separately identifiable from other promises in the contract (i.e., the promise to transfer the good or service is distinct within the context of the contract).
If a good or service is not distinct, the good or service is combined with other promised goods or services until a bundle of goods or services is identified that is distinct. The transaction price is the amount of consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring promised goods or services to a customer. The consideration promised in a contract with a customer may include fixed amounts, variable amounts, or both. When determining the transaction price, an entity must consider the effects of all of the following:
•
Variable consideration
62
•
Constraining estimates of variable consideration
•
The existence of a significant financing component in the contract
•
Noncash consideration
•
Consideration payable to a customer
Variable consideration is included in the transaction price only to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved. The transaction price is allocated to each performance obligation on a relative standalone selling price basis. The standalone selling price is the price at which we would sell a promised service separately to a customer. The relative selling price for each performance obligation is estimated using observable objective evidence if it is available. If observable objective evidence is not available, we use our best estimate of the selling price for the promised service. In instances where we do not sell a service separately, establishing standalone selling price requires significant judgment. We estimate the standalone selling price by considering available information, prioritizing observable inputs such as historical sales, internally approved pricing guidelines and objectives, and the underlying cost of delivering the performance obligation. The transaction price allocated to each performance obligation is recognized when that performance obligation is satisfied, at a point in time or over time as appropriate.
Management judgment is required when determining the following: when variable consideration is no longer probable of significant reversal (and hence can be included in revenue); whether certain revenue should be presented gross or net of certain related costs; when a promised service transfers to the customer; and the applicable method of measuring progress for services transferred to the customer over time.
We enter into a bitcoin mining pools by executing a contract, which may be amended from time to time, with a mining pool operator to provide computing power to the mining pool. Providing computing power to a mining pool operator for the purpose of cryptocurrency transaction verification is an output of our ordinary activities. The contract is terminable at any time by either party with no substantive termination penalty. Our enforceable right to compensation begins when, and lasts for as long as, we provide computing power to the mining pool operator; our performance obligation extends over the contract term given our continuous provision of hashrate. This period of time corresponds with the period of service for which the mining pool operator determines compensation due to us. Given cancellation terms of the contract, and our customary business practice, the contract effectively provides us with the option to renew for successive contract terms of 24 hours. The options to renew are not material rights because they are offered at the standalone selling price of computing power. We elected the optional exemption to not disclose the transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations that are part of a contract that has an original expected duration of one year or less.
The provision of computing power in accordance with the mining pool operator’s terms of service is the only performance obligation in our contract with the mining pool operator, our customer. In exchange for providing computing power pursuant to Foundry’s terms of service, we are entitled to noncash consideration in the form of bitcoin, measured under the Full Pay Per Share (“FPPS”) approach. Under the FPPS approach, we are entitled to a fractional share of the fixed bitcoin award from the mining pool operator (referred to as a “block reward”) and potentially transaction fees generated from (paid by) blockchain users and distributed (paid out) to individual miners by the mining pool operator. Our fractional share of the block reward is based on the proportion of computing power we contributed to the mining pool operator to the total computing power contributed by all mining pool participants in solving the current algorithm, over the contract term. We are entitled to our relative share of consideration even if a block is not successfully placed. In other words, we receive consideration once after the end of each 24-hour contract period, regardless of whether the pool successfully places a block. Our proportionate share of transaction fees is based on our 
contributed share of hashrate as a percentage of total network hashrate during the contract term.
Noncash consideration is measured at fair value at contract inception. Fair value of the bitcoin consideration is determined using the quoted price on our principal market for bitcoin at the beginning of the contract period at the single bitcoin level (one bitcoin). This amount is recognized in revenue over the contract term as hashrate is provided. Changes in the fair value of the noncash consideration due to form of the consideration (changes in the market price of bitcoin) are not included in the transaction price and hence are not included in revenue. Changes in fair value of the noncash consideration post-contract inception that are due to reasons other than form of consideration (other than changes in the market value of bitcoin) are measured based on the guidance on variable consideration, including the constraint on estimates of variable consideration.
63
Because the consideration to which we expect to be entitled for providing computing power is entirely variable, as well as being noncash consideration, we assess the estimated amount of the variable noncash consideration at contract inception and subsequently, to determine when and to what extent it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur once the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved (the “constraint”). Only when significant revenue reversal is concluded probable of not occurring can estimated variable consideration be included in revenue. Based on evaluation of likelihood and magnitude of a reversal in applying the constraint, the estimated variable noncash consideration is constrained from inclusion in revenue until the end of the contract term, when the underlying uncertainties have been resolved and number of bitcoin to which we are entitled becomes known.
There is no significant financing component in these transactions.
Our ability to satisfy the performance obligation under our contract with a mining pool operator to provide computing power may be contracted to various third parties and there is a risk that if these parties are unable to perform or curtail their operations, our revenue and operating results may be affected. Please see “
Business— Business Agreements—Luminant Power Agreement
” for additional information about our power arrangements.
Short-term borrowings
Short-term borrowings includes debt with maturity dates less than one year. We elected the fair value option for debt denominated in bitcoin. The change in fair value for bitcoin denominated debt is recorded in Other income (expense).
Share-based compensation
We account for all share-based payments to employees, consultants and directors, which may include grants of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock awards, and restricted stock units (“RSUs”) to be recognized in the consolidated financial statements, based on their respective grant date fair values. As of December 31, 2023, we have awarded only RSUs with service-based vesting conditions (“Service- Based RSUs”) and performance-based RSUs with market-based vesting conditions (“Performance-Based RSUs”). Compensation expense for all awards is amortized based upon a graded vesting method over the estimated requisite service period. All share-based compensation expenses are recorded in general and administrative expense in the consolidated statements of operations. Forfeitures are recorded as they occur.
The fair value of Service-Based RSUs is the closing market price of our common stock on the date of the grant. We employ a Monte Carlo simulation technique to calculate the fair value of the Performance-Based RSUs on the date granted based on the average of the future simulated outcomes. The Performance-Based RSUs contain different market-based vesting conditions that are based upon the achievement of certain market capitalization milestones. Under the Monte Carlo simulation model, a number of variables and assumptions are used including, but not limited to, the underlying price of our common stock, the expected stock price volatility over the term of the award, a correlation coefficient, and the risk-free rate. The Performance-Based RSUs awarded do not have an explicit requisite service period, therefore compensation expense is recorded over a derived service period based upon the estimated median time it will take to achieve the market capitalization milestone using a Monte Carlo simulation.
Weighted average assumptions used in the November 17, 2021 Monte Carlo valuation model for Performance-Based RSUs awarded on that date were: expected volatility of 96.1% and a risk-free rate of 1.60% based upon a remaining term of 10 years. These assumptions were used to estimate share-based compensation expense related to our Performance-Based RSUs, which was recognized in our consolidated financial statements years ended December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, and which will continue to impact our consolidated financial results over the remaining weighted average derived service period of the Performance-Based RSUs, which, as of December 31, 2024 is expected to occur over the next 0.5 years.
64
Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.
We were a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, as of June 30, 2024, the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter, and are not required to provide the information under this item.
Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.
The financial statements required to be filed pursuant to this Item 8 are appended to this report. An index of those financial statements is found in Item 15 of Part IV of this Annual Report.
Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.
None.
Item 9A. Controls and Procedures.
Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures
In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs.
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
We conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our “disclosure controls and procedures” (“Disclosure Controls”), as defined by Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act, as of December 31, 2024, the end of the period covered by this Annual Report. The Disclosure Controls evaluation was done under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, with the goal being that the information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding disclosure. There are inherent limitations to the effectiveness of any system of disclosure controls and procedures. Accordingly, even effective disclosure controls and procedures can only provide reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives. Based upon this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective at the reasonable assurance level as of December 31, 2024.
As further discussed below under “Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting,” management has identified a material weakness, as set forth below. The Company has developed a remediation plan for the weaknesses, which is described below under “Remediation of Material Weakness.” As a result of such material weakness, the report of the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, Marcum LLP, regarding its audit of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024, which is included below under the heading “Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Internal Control over Financial Reporting,” expresses an adverse opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024.
Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our management is also required to assess and report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (“Section 404”). Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes of accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. 
65
A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. A significant deficiency is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting that is less severe than a material weakness, yet important enough to merit attention by those responsible for oversight of the company’s financial reporting. 
Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024. In making this assessment, we used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (“COSO”) in Internal Control - Integrated Framework in the 2013 COSO framework. Based on this evaluation, management previously identified a weakness in internal control over financial reporting related to Information Technology General Controls (“ITGC”). Specifically, the Company did not complete design and implementation of program change management controls for certain financially relevant systems to ensure that IT program and data changes affecting the Company’s (i) financial IT applications and (ii) digital currency mining equipment, are identified, tested, authorized and implemented appropriately to validate that data produced by its relevant IT system(s) were complete and accurate. Automated process-level and manual controls related to revenue recognition that are dependent upon the information derived from such financially relevant systems were also determined to be ineffective as a result of such deficiency.  
The material weakness described above did not result in a material misstatement to the Company’s previously issued consolidated financial statements, nor in the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report.
 The registered public accounting firm that audited our consolidated financial statements within this Annual Report has issued an attestation report on our internal control over financial reporting. 
Remediation of Material Weakness
As noted above, during management’s assessment of internal controls over financial reporting (“ICFR”) a material weakness was identified related to certain ITGCs over change management controls.
As management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, we understand the importance of developing a resolution plan aligned with management and overseen by the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors. During the year ended December 31, 2024, management implemented measures that remediated previously identified material weaknesses disclosed in the Company’s Annual Reports on Form 10-K for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2023 related to certain ITGCs over user access and segregation of duties by implementing system-level segregation of duties, using an external third-party internal audit and SOX 404 implementation consulting firm to improve the Company’s controls related to user access and segregation of duties, enhancing design and documentation related to governance over user access processes and related control activities, and developing robust processes to validate data received from third-parties and relied upon to generate financial statements that are complete and accurate. 
Since the material weakness related to certain ITGCs over change management controls and lack of related compensating automated process-level and manual controls was identified, management has continued to implement and refine measures designed to ensure that control deficiencies contributing to the material weakness are remediated, such that these controls are designed, implemented, and operating effectively. During the year ended December 31, 2024, management enhanced its existing program change management controls for certain systems impacting the Company’s processes around revenue recognition and design of manual key reconciliation processes.  The Company made progress but work remains to ensure reliability of such controls. Our plan includes the following, and management will continue to assess additional opportunities for remediation on an ongoing basis: 
•
Enhance our remediation efforts by continuing to devote resources in 2025 in key financial reporting and information technology areas, including hiring additional employees. 
•
Continue using an external third-party internal audit and SOX 404 implementation consulting firm to improve the Company’s controls related to the material weakness described above. 
•
Continue to implement new processes and controls and engage external resources when required in connection with remediating this material weakness, such that these controls are designed, implemented, and operating effectively. 
66
We recognize that the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting will not be considered remediated until the remediated controls operate for a sufficient period of time and can be tested and concluded by management to be designed and operating effectively. Because our remediation efforts involve our outsourced service providers, we cannot provide any assurance that these remediation efforts will be successful or that our internal control over financial reporting will be effective as a result of these efforts.
We continue to evaluate and work to improve our internal control over financial reporting related to the identified material weakness and management may determine to take additional measures to address control deficiencies or determine to modify the remediation plan described above. In addition, we report the progress and status of the above remediation efforts to the Audit Committee on a periodic basis.
Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting
Other than the remediation efforts described above, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the three months ended December 31, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
67
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING FIRM
To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 
Cipher Mining Inc. 
Adverse Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting
We have audited Cipher Mining Inc.’s (the "Company") internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, because of the effect of the material weakness described in the following paragraph on the achievement of the objectives of the control criteria, the Company has not maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.
A material weakness is a control deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company's annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The following material weakness has been identified and included in “Management's Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting”:
The Company did not complete design and implementation of program change management controls for certain financially relevant systems to ensure that IT program and data changes affecting the Company’s (i) financial IT applications and (ii) digital currency mining equipment, are identified, tested, authorized and implemented appropriately to validate that data produced by its relevant IT system(s) were complete and accurate. Automated process-level and manual controls related to revenue recognition that are dependent upon the information derived from such financially relevant systems were also determined to be ineffective as a result of such deficiency.
This material weakness was considered in determining the nature, timing and extent of audit tests applied in our audit of the fiscal December 31, 2024 consolidated financial statements, and this report does not affect our report dated February 25, 2025 on those financial statements.
We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (“PCAOB”), the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders’ equity (deficit), and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2024 of the Company and our report dated February 25, 2025 expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements.
Basis for Opinion
The Company's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying "Management Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting". Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.
Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting
A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the 
68
transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Because of the inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
/s/ Marcum LLP
Marcum LLP
San Francisco, CA
February 25, 2025
Item 9B. Other Information.
(a) Disclosure in lieu of reporting on a Current Report on Form 8-K.
None.
(b) Material changes to the procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees to the board of directors.
None.
(c) Insider trading arrangements and policies. 
Our officers and directors from time to time may adopt, terminate or modify trading plans to transact in our common stock for a variety of reasons, including tax considerations, investment diversification, or other personal reasons. During the three months ended December 31, 2024, certain of our officers and directors terminated a pre-arranged stock trading plan intended to satisfy the affirmative defense of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (each such plan, a “Rule 10b5-1 Plan”), as described below.  
On 
October 10, 2024
, 
Tyler Page
, 
Chief Executive Officer and Director
, 
terminated
 a Rule 10b5-1 Plan intended to satisfy the affirmative defense of Rule 10b5-1(c) covering the sale of up to 
900,000
 shares of our common stock until November 29, 2024.

On 
November 7, 2024
, 
William Iwaschuk
, 
Co-President, Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary
, 
terminated
 a Rule 10b5-1 Plan intended to satisfy the affirmative defense of Rule 10b5-1(c) covering the sale of up to 
323,694
 shares of our common stock until June 10, 2025.

On 
November 8, 2024
, 
Patrick Kelly
, 
Co-President and Chief Operating Officer
, 
terminated
 a Rule 10b5-1 Plan intended to satisfy the affirmative defense of Rule 10b5-1(c) covering the sale of up to 
428,078
 shares of our common stock until May 16, 2025.
  No other directors or “officers” (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) under the Exchange Act) 
adopted,

terminated
 or modified a “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” or “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement,” as each term is defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K during the three months ended December 31, 2024.
Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections.
Not Applicable.
69
PART III
Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
The following table provides information regarding our executive officers and members of our board of directors (ages as of the date of this Annual Report):
Name
Age
Title
Tyler Page 
49
Chief Executive Officer and Director
Edward Farrell 
64
Chief Financial Officer
Patrick Kelly 
46
Co-President and Chief Operating Officer
William Iwaschuk 
49
Co-President, Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary
James Newsome
65
Chairman of the Board
Robert Dykes
75
Director
Holly Morrow Evans
49
Director
Robert Flatley
64
Director
Cary Grossman 
71
Director
Caitlin Long 
55
Director
Wesley (Bo) Williams 
48
Director
Executive Officers
Tyler Page
 has served as Cipher’s Chief Executive Officer and as a member of the Board since August 2021. From 2020 to 2021, Mr. Page served as Head of Business Development for digital asset infrastructure at Bitfury Holding, where he was responsible for business development and strategic planning work of the Bitfury Group. He brings more than 20 years of experience in institutional finance and fintech, including as a member of the Management Committee and Head of Client Strategies at New York Digital Investment Group (NYDIG), from 2017 to 2019, and as Head of Institutional Sales at Stone Ridge Asset Management, from 2016 to 2019. Previously, he served as Global Head of Business Development for Fund Solutions at Guggenheim Partners in New York and London, as well as in various roles on derivatives teams at Goldman Sachs and Lehman Brothers. He began his career as an attorney at Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP. He holds a J.D. from the University of Michigan Law School and a B.A. from the University of Virginia.  We believe that Mr. Page is well qualified to serve on our board of directors due to his extensive experience in the digital asset industry and his various leadership roles.
Edward Farrell 
has served as Cipher’s Chief Financial Officer since August 2021. Prior to Cipher, from 2003 to 2021, Mr. Farrell held several senior positions at AllianceBernstein, L.P., including Controller, Chief Accounting Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Farrell brings more than 35 years of financial administration and leadership experience in the financial services industry, including his prior positions at Nomura Securities International and Salomon Brothers. Mr. Farrell started his career at PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. Mr. Farrell currently serves on the board of directors Arbor Realty Trust, Inc. where he is a member to both their Audit and Compensation Committees, where he has served since 2018. He received his B.B.A. in Business Administration from St. Bonaventure University.
Patrick Kelly
 has served as Cipher’s Chief Operating Officer since August 2021, and as Co-President since March 2023. Prior to Cipher, from 2012 to 2019, Mr. Kelly served as Chief Operating Officer at Stone Ridge Asset Management, LLC. Between 2012 and 2018, he also held several directorship positions with several trusts of Stone Ridge Asset Management. From 2009 to 2012, Mr. Kelly served as Chief Operating Officer of Quantitative Strategies at Magnetar Capital. Prior to that, he served as Head of Portfolio Valuation at D. E. Shaw & Co. Mr. Kelly is a Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) and received his B.S. in Finance from DePaul University.
William Iwaschuk
 has served as Cipher’s Chief Legal Officer since August 2021, as Corporate Secretary since May 2022 and as Co-President since March 2023. Prior to Cipher, from 2014 to 2020, Mr. Iwaschuk held senior positions at Tower Research Capital LLC, including serving as General Counsel and Secretary (2016‑2020) and Counsel (2014‑2016). From 2013 to 2014, Mr. Iwaschuk was a Partner in the Investment Management Group of Morgan, Lewis & Bockius LLP in New York. Mr. Iwaschuk also previously served as a Vice‑President in the legal department at Goldman Sachs & Co. from 2005 until 2012. He started his career as an equity derivatives associate at Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP 
70
in New York. Mr. Iwaschuk also currently serves on the board of directors of the Texas Blockchain Council. Mr. Iwaschuk received his LL.B. and B.A. degrees from The University of British Columbia.
Non‑Employee Directors
James Newsome
 has served as a member of our board of directors since August 2021. Mr. Newsome served on the advisory board of Bitfury Top HoldCo from 2015 until 2021. Mr. Newsome served as president of the New York Mercantile Exchange from August of 2004 until it was acquired by the CME Group in 2009. He subsequently served on the board of CME Group from 2009 until 2011. Mr. Newsome has also previously served on the board of directors of the Dubai Mercantile Exchange and is a former director of the National Futures Association. From 1998 until 2004, Mr. Newsome held various senior roles at the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) from Commissioner (1998 to 2000) to a Chairman of CFTC (2000 to 2004). As a Chairman of CFTC, Mr. Newsome guided the regulation of the nation’s futures markets and led the CFTC’s regulatory implementation of the Commodity Futures Modernization Act of 2000. He also served as one of four members of the President’s Working Group for Financial Markets, along with the Secretary of the Treasury and the Chairmen of the Federal Reserve and the SEC. Mr. Newsome is also presently a founding partner of Delta Strategy Group, a full‑service government affairs firm based in Washington, D.C. He earned a B.S. in Economics from the University of Florida, a Masters in Genetics from Mississippi State University and a Ph.D. in Economics from Mississippi State University. We believe that Mr. Newsome is well qualified to serve on our board of directors due to his extensive corporate finance and management experience.
Robert Dykes 
has served on our board of directors since August 2021. Prior to Cipher, Mr. Dykes served as Director of Bitfury Group Limited (UK) from 2014 until 2020 and was on the advisory board of Bitfury Top HoldCo from 2020 until 2021. From 2008 to 2013, Mr. Dykes served as the Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Principal Accounting Officer of VeriFone Systems, Inc., a company specializing in retail credit card payment systems. He has more than 30 years of operational management experience, and an established reputation in building world‑class organizations. He served as the Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Business Operations of Juniper Networks Inc., from 2005 to 2007. Mr. Dykes served as the Chief Financial Officer of Flextronics International Ltd., from 1997 to 2004. From 1988 to 1997, Mr. Dykes served as the Executive Vice President of Worldwide Operations and Chief Financial Officer of Symantec Corporation. Mr. Dykes holds a Bachelor of Commerce and Administration Degree from Victoria University in Wellington, New Zealand. We believe that Mr. Dykes is well qualified to serve on our board of directors due to his extensive corporate finance and management experience and his overall public company experience.
Holly Morrow Evans
 has served on our board of directors since August 2021. Since 2015, Ms. Evans has been a partner at Hakluyt and Company, where she currently serves as the firm’s Head of Risk and Deputy Managing Partner. From 2007 to 2013, she was a senior adviser for ExxonMobil. She also served as director on the National Security Council from 2005 to 2007 and as China advisor to the office of the Vice President from 2003 to 2005. Mrs. Evans holds a B.A. in Political Science from Georgetown and an M.A. in Asian Studies from Harvard University. We believe that Mrs. Evans is well qualified to serve on our board of directors due to her extensive advisory experience.
Robert Flatley
 has served on our board of directors since August 2023. Since 2021, Mr. Flatley has served as a director, the Chief Executive Officer and founder of TS Imagine, which was formed following the merger of Trading Screen and Imagine Software. From 2018 to 2019, Mr. Flatley served as a director and as President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer at New York Digital Investment Group (NYDIG). From 2010 to 2018, he served as a director and Chief Executive Officer of CoreOne Technologies. Earlier in his career, Mr. Flatley was a Managing Director at both Deutsche Bank Securities, and at Banc of America Securities. He has hands-on experience in various capital markets roles, including trading, securities and prime finance, building SaaS business models, market structure, quantitative trading, software development, and software M&A. He founded successful companies as a technology entrepreneur using both software and data-as-a-service models, and he was a founding employee of two statistically driven trading businesses at bulge bracket financial institutions. He earned a B.B.A. in Accounting from the University of Iowa. We believe that Mr. Flatley is well qualified to serve on our board of directors due to his extensive experience in regulated financial services institutions and as a founder of four successful fintech companies. 
Cary Grossman
 has served as a member of our board of directors since August 2021. Mr. Grossman co-founded GWAC in 2020 and served as its President and a member of its board of directors from June 2020 through August 2021. Mr. Grossman also served as CEO, President, Chief Financial Officer and a member of the board of directors of Good Works II Acquisition Corp. during the period from February 2021 through February 2023. Mr. Grossman is a veteran corporate finance professional with a combination of executive management, investment banking and public accounting experience. In 2010, Mr. Grossman co-founded Shoreline Capital Advisors, Inc., an advisory firm focused on providing financial advisory services to middle-market companies. Prior to Shoreline Capital Advisors, from 1991 to 2002, Mr. 
71
Grossman co-founded and was the CEO of another investment banking firm, McFarland, Grossman & Company. Earlier in his career, he practiced public accounting for 15 years. Mr. Grossman also held a number of executive positions, including: President of XFit, Inc. from 2019 to 2020; Chief Financial Officer of Blaze Metals, LLC from 2007 to 2010; Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer of Gentium, S.P.A. from 2004 to 2006; Chief Executive Officer of ERP Environmental Services, Inc. and Chief Financial Officer of U.S. Liquids, Inc. from 2001 to 2003. He also co-founded Pentacon, Inc. (NYSE: JIT) and served as a board member and Executive Chairman from 1998 until 2002, and as a director of Metalico (NYSE: MEA) from 2014 until 2015 and INX Inc. (Nasdaq: INXI) from 2004 until 2011. Mr. Grossman is a Certified Public Accountant and earned a B.B.A. in Business Administration from the University of Texas. We believe that Mr. Grossman is well qualified to serve on our board of directors due to his extensive corporate finance and management experience and his overall public company experience.
Caitlin Long
 has served as a member of our board of directors since August 2021. Ms. Long has extensive experience in both traditional financial services and cryptocurrencies. She is the Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Custodia Bank, Inc. (formerly Avanti Financial Group, Inc.), a chartered bank that she founded in 2020 to serve as a compliant bridge between the U.S. dollar and cryptocurrency financial systems. From 2016 to 2018, Ms. Long served as the Chairman and President of Symbiont.io, an enterprise fintech company that utilizes blockchain technology. Beginning in 2017 she helped lead the charge in her native state of Wyoming to enact more than 20 blockchain‑enabling laws during consecutive legislative sessions, and in 2018 she was appointed by two Wyoming Governors to serve on related legislative committees. She worked at investment banks in New York and Zurich from 1994 to 2016, where she held senior roles as a Managing Director at Morgan Stanley and Credit Suisse. Ms. Long earned a B.A. from the University of Wyoming and a joint J.D./ M.P.P. degree from Harvard Law School and Harvard Kennedy School of Government. We believe that Ms. Long is well qualified to serve on our board of directors due to her extensive digital asset experience, her legal and regulatory expertise, and her prior experience working with public companies.
Wesley Williams
 has served on our board of directors since August 2021. Mr. Williams brings over 25 years of experience in corporate finance. Since 2021, Mr. Williams has served as the Head of Aquarian Credit Partners, the syndicated high yield credit investing arm of insurance holding company Aquarian Holdings. Beginning in 2017, he served as Portfolio Manager, Chief Operating Officer, and a member of the Board of Managers of Gallatin Loan Management, a high yield credit investment management firm. From 2013 until 2016, Mr. Williams was a founding partner of Hildene Leveraged Credit, until its sale to affiliates of Fortress Investment Group. From 2010 through 2012, he worked as a turnaround Operating Partner, Interim CFO, and Shareholder Representative for Goldman Sachs portfolio companies. From 2006 until 2008, Mr. Williams worked as a Vice President of specialty finance and leveraged credit at Marathon Asset Management, a high yield credit investment manager. From 1999 through 2005, Mr. Williams also held various roles in the Investment Banking and Merchant Banking Divisions of Goldman Sachs. He holds an AB in Sociology from Harvard College and an MBA from Harvard Business School. We believe that Mr. Williams is well qualified to serve on our board of directors due to his extensive corporate finance and overall management experience.
Family Relationships
There are no family relationships among our directors or executive officers.
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
We have adopted a written code of business conduct and ethics that applies to our directors, officers and employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions. Our code of business conduct and ethics is available under the Corporate Governance section of our website at 
https://investors.ciphermining.com
. In addition, we intend to post on our website all disclosures that are required by law or the Nasdaq rules concerning any amendments to, or waivers from, any provision of the code. The reference to our website address does not constitute incorporation by reference of the information contained at or available through our website, and you should not consider it to be a part of this Annual Report. 
The remaining information required by this item will be included in our definitive proxy statement for our 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the “2025 Proxy Statement”), to be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after December 31, 2024, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
72
Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
The information required by this item will be included in the 2025 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.
The information required by this item will be included in the 2025 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference
Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.
The information required by this item will be included in the 2025 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services.
The information required by this item will be included in the 2025 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
73
PART IV
Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules.
Incorporated by Reference
Filed/
Furnished
Herewith
Exhibit
Number
Exhibit Description
From
File No
Exhibit
Filing
Date
2.1†
Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of March 4, 2021, by and among Good Works Acquisition Corp., Currency Merger Sub, Inc. and Cipher Mining Technologies Inc.

8-K
001-39625
2.1
3/5/21

3.1
Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Cipher Mining Inc.

8-K
001-39625
3.1
8/31/21

3.2
Amended and Restated Bylaws of Cipher Mining Inc.

8-K
001-39625
3.2
8/31/21

4.1
Specimen Warrant Certificate of Good Works Acquisition Corp.
S-1/A
333-248333
4.3
10/9/21

4.2
Warrant Agreement, dated as of October 19, 2020, by and between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company and Good Works Acquisition Corp.

8-K
001-39625
4.1
10/28/20

4.3
Description of Capital Stock
10-K
 001-39625
4.3
3/4/22

4.4
F
orm of Debt Indenture
S-3ASR
333-281908
4.4
9/3/24
10.1
Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement among Good Works Acquisition Corp., Good Works Acquisition Corp.’ directors, Bitfury Top HoldCo and others, dated August 26, 2021

8-K
001-39625
10.2
8/31/21

10.2#
Form of Indemnification and Advancement Agreement for Cipher Mining Inc.

S-4/A
333-256115
10.16
6/15/21

10.3#
Form of Indemnification and Advancement Agreement for Cipher Mining Technologies Inc.
S-4/A
333-256115
10.17
6/15/21

10.4#
Cipher Mining Incentive Award Plan
8-K
001-39625
10.8
8/31/21
10.5#
Form of Cipher Mining Inc. Restricted Stock Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Agreement under Incentive Award Plan

8-K
001-39625
10.8(a)
8/31/21
10.6#
Form of Cipher Mining Inc. Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under Incentive Award Plan

8-K
001-39625
10.8(b)
8/31/21
10.7#
Form of Cipher Mining Inc. Stock Option Grant Notice and Stock Option Agreement under Incentive Award Plan

8-K
001-39625
10.8(c)
8/31/21
10.8
Form of Cipher Mining Inc. Executive Officer Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Double Trigger) under Incentive Award Plan
8-K
001-39625
10.1
9/15/22
10.9
Power Purchase Agreement, dated June 23, 2021, by and between Luminant ET Services Company LLC and Cipher Mining Technologies Inc.

S-4/A
333-256115
10.22
7/9/21
10.10
First Amendment to the Power Purchase Agreement, dated July 9, 2021, by and between Luminant ET Services Company LLC and Cipher Mining Technologies Inc.

S-4/A
333-256115
10.23
7/9/21
10.11
Second Amendment to the Power Purchase Agreement, dated February 28, 2022, by and between Luminant ET Services Company LLC and Cipher Mining Technologies Inc.
10-K
001-39625
10.35
3/4/22
74
10.12
Third Amendment to the Power Purchase Agreement, dated August 26, 2022, by and between Luminant ET Services Company LLC and Cipher Mining Technologies Inc.
8-K
001-39625
10.1
9/1/22
10.13
Fourth Amendment to the Power Purchase Agreement, dated August 23, 2023, by and between Luminant ET Services Company LLC and Cipher Mining Technologies Inc.
8-K
001-39625
10.1
8/29/23
10.14
Lease Agreement, dated June 29, 2021, by and between an affiliate of Luminant and Cipher Mining Technologies Inc.

S-4/A
333-256115
10.24
7/9/21
10.15
First Amendment to the Lease Agreement, dated July 9, 2021, by and between an affiliate of Luminant and Cipher Mining Technologies Inc.

S-4/A
333-256115
10.25
7/9/21
10.16
Second Amendment to the Lease Agreement, dated August 23, 2023, by and between an affiliate of Luminant and Cipher Mining Technologies Inc.

8-K
001-39625
10.2
8/29/23
10.17
Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated June 28, 2021, by and between Vistra Operations Company LLC and Cipher Mining Technologies Inc.

S-4/A
333-256115
10.26
7/9/21
10.18
First Amendment to the Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated July 9, 2021, by and between Vistra Operations Company LLC and Cipher Mining Technologies Inc.

S-4/A
333-256115
10.27
7/9/21
10.19
Framework Agreement, dated June 10, 2021, by and between WindHQ LLC and Cipher Mining Technologies Inc.

S-4/A
333-256115
10.24
6/15/21
10.20
Non-Fixed Price Sales and Purchase Agreement, dated August 20, 2021

8-K
001-39625
10.1
9/2/21
10.21
Supplemental Agreement to Non-Fixed Price Sales and Purchase Agreement, dated August 30, 2021

8-K
001-39625
10.2
9/2/21
10.22
Amended and Restated Framework Agreement on Supply of Blockchain Servers, dated May 6, 2022

8-K
001-39625
10.1
5/10/22
10.23
Supplementary Agreement of the Framework Agreement on Supply of Blockchain Servers, dated November 4, 2022
8-K
001-39625
10.1
11/8/22
10.24#
Employment Agreement, dated as of May 11, 2021, by and between Tyler Page and Cipher Mining Technologies Inc.
S-4
333-256115
10.23
5/14/21
10.25#
Employment Agreement, dated as of May 11, 2021, by and between Edward Farrell and Cipher Mining Technologies Inc.
S-4
333-256115
10.24
5/14/21
10.26#
Employment Agreement, dated as of May 11, 2021, by and between William Iwaschuk and Cipher Mining Technologies Inc.
S-4
333-256115
10.25
5/14/21
10.27#
Employment Agreement, dated as of May 11, 2021, by and between Patrick Kelly and Cipher Mining Technologies Inc.
S-4
333-256115
10.26
5/14/21
10.28
Purchase Order No. 21-041, dated December 29, 2021
8-K
001-39625
10.1
01/04/22
10.29#
Amended and Restated Non-Employee Directors Compensation Policy.

10-Q
001-39625
10.1
8/13/24
10.30
Form of LLC Agreement
10-K
001-39625
10.34
3/4/22
10.31
Amendment No. 1 to Controlled Equity OfferingSM Sales Agreement by and among Cipher Mining Inc. and Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Canaccord Genuity LLC, Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, Needham & Company, LLC, Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated and Virtu Americas LLC, dated March 6, 2024
8-K
001-39625
1.1
3/6/24
75
10.32
Amended and Restated Controlled Equity OfferingSM Sales Agreement by and among Cipher Mining Inc. and Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Canaccord Genuity LLC, Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, Needham & Company, LLC, Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc., Virtu Americas LLC and BTIG, LLC, dated September 3, 2024
8-K
001-39625
1.1
9/4/24
10.33
Board Observer Agreement, dated as of April 8, 2022
.
8-K
001-39625
99.2
4/14/22
10.34
†
Purchase and Sale agreement, dated as of November 6, 2023, by and between Cipher Black Pearl LLC and Trinity Mining Group, Inc.
10-K
001-39625
10.33
3/5/24
10.35
†
Data Center Lease, dated as of December 6, 2023.
10-K
001-39625
10.34
3/5/24
10.36
†
Assignment and Assumption Agreement, dated as of December 8, 2023, by and between Cipher Black Pearl LLC and Trinity Mining Group, Inc.
10-K
001-39625
10.35
3/5/24
10.37
†
Future Sales and Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 16, 2023, by and between Cipher Mining Infrastructure LLC and Bitmain Technologies Delaware Limited.

10-K
001-39625
10.36
3/5/24
10.38
Supplemental Agreement to the Future Sales and Purchase Agreement, dated June 5, 2024, by and between Cipher Mining Infrastructure LLC and Bitmain Technologies Delaware Limited
10-Q
001-39625
10.2
8/13/24
10.39
Amendment Agreement to the Future Sales and Purchase Agreement, dated July 10, 2024, by and between Cipher Mining Infrastructure LLC and Bitmain Technologies Delaware Limited
10-Q
001-39625
10.3
8/13/24
10.40^
Subscription Agreement, dated January 30, 2025, by and between Cipher Mining Inc. and Star Beacon LLC
8-K
001-39625
10.1
1/30/25
10.41
Registration Rights Agreement, dated January 30, 2025, by and between Cipher Mining Inc. and Star Beacon LLC
8-K
001-39625
10.2
1/30/25
19.1
I
nsider Trading Compliance Policy
*
21.1
List of Subsidiaries of Cipher Mining Inc.
*
23.1
Consent of Marcum LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.
*
31.1
Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a‑14(a)/15d‑14(a).
*
31.2
Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a‑14(a)/15d‑14(a).
*
32.1
Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350.
**
32.2
Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350.
**
97.1
Compensation Recoupment Policy
10-K
001-39625
97.1
3/5/24
101.INS
Inline XBRL Instance Document – the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document
*
101.SCH
Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document
*
104
Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101)
*
_____________________________________________________
*
Filed herewith.
**
Furnished herewith.
#
Indicates management contract or compensatory plan.
76
†
Certain confidential portions (indicated by brackets and asterisks) have been omitted from this exhibit pursuant to Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S-K because such information is both (i) non-material and (ii) would be competitively harmful if publicly disclosed. 
^  Certain schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The registrant undertakes to provide copies of any of the omitted schedules or exhibits upon request by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
77
Item 16. Form 10-K Summary.
None.
78
SIGNATURES
Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized
.
CIPHER MINING INC.
Date: February 25, 2025
By:
/s/ Tyler Page
Tyler Page
Chief Executive Officer
(Principal Executive Officer)
Date: February 25, 2025
By:
/s/ Edward Farrell
Edward Farrell
Chief Financial Officer
(Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)
79
SIGNATURES AND POWER OF ATTORNEY
KNOW ALL BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints Tyler Page, Edward Farrell and William Iwaschuk, and each of them, his or her true and lawful agent, proxy and attorney-in-fact, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any or all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, authorizing said persons and granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue thereof.
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.
Signature
Title
Date
/s/ Tyler Page
Director, Chief Executive Officer
February 25, 2025
Tyler Page

(Principal Executive Officer)
/s/ Edward Farrell
 Chief Financial Officer
February 25, 2025
Edward Farrell

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)
/s/ James Newsome
 Chairman of the Board
February 25, 2025
James Newsome

/s/ Robert Dykes
 Director
February 25, 2025
Robert Dykes

/s/ Holly Morrow Evans
 Director
February 25, 2025
Holly Morrow Evans

/s/ Robert Flatley
 Director
February 25, 2025
Robert Flatley

/s/ Cary Grossman
 Director
February 25, 2025
Cary Grossman

/s/ Caitlin Long
 Director
February 25, 2025
Caitlin Long

/s/ Wesley Williams
Director
February 25, 2025
Wesley Williams

Item 1. Financial Statements
80
INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
F-
2
Consolidated Balance Sheets
F-
4
Consolidated Statements of Operations
F-
6
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders’ Equity (Deficit)
F-
7
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
F-
8
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
F-
10
F-1
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 
Cipher Mining Inc. 
Opinion on the Financial Statements
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Cipher Mining Inc. (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders’ equity (deficit) and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2024, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “financial statements”). In our opinion, based on our audits, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2024 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB"), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024, based on the criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in 2013 and our report dated February 25, 2025, expressed an adverse opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting because of the existence of a material weakness.
Basis for Opinion
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
Critical Audit Matters
The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate.
Revenue Recognition 
Description of the Matter:
As disclosed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company enters into bitcoin mining pools by executing a contract, as amended from time to time, with a mining pool operator to provide computing power to the mining pool. Providing computing power to a mining pool operator for the purpose of cryptocurrency transaction verification is an output of the Company’s ordinary activities.
The principal consideration for our determination that performing procedures related to revenue recognition is a critical audit matter is due to the nature and extent of audit effort required to perform audit procedures over the completeness and occurrence of revenue recognized.
F-2
How we Addressed the Matter in our Audit:
Addressing this matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the financial statements. These procedures included, among others:
•
We performed site visits at the Company’s Odessa facility and joint venture facilities where the mining hardware is located, which included observations of the physical controls and mining equipment inventory
•
We independently traced certain financial and performance data directly to the blockchain network to test the occurrence and accuracy of mining revenue as a participant in the mining pools
•
We independently confirmed with the third-party mining pool operator the significant contractual terms utilized in the determination of mining revenue, total mining rewards earned, and the digital asset wallet addresses in which the rewards are deposited to test the occurrence and accuracy of mining revenue as the participant
•
We performed certain analytical procedures over the completeness, occurrence and accuracy of revenue recognized by the Company
•
We confirmed the year-end digital asset balances directly with the custodians of the Company’s wallets
Derivative Asset Valuation 
Description of the Matter:
As described in Notes 4 and 18 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company’s derivative asset is measured at fair value. The valuation of the derivative asset is highly subjective and requires management to make significant judgments related to market data, including interest rates, credit spreads, and other market conditions. The Company utilizes valuation models that rely on both observable and unobservable inputs.
Given the complexity and judgment involved in the valuation of the derivative asset, auditing this account required significant auditor judgment and the use of valuation specialists.
How we Addressed the Matter in our Audit:
Addressing this matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the financial statements. These procedures included, among others:
•
With the assistance of our valuation specialists, we evaluated the appropriateness of the valuation methodologies and models used by management. This included testing the completeness, accuracy, and relevance of the market data inputs and evaluating the significant assumptions for reasonableness.
•
We performed an independent revaluation of the derivative asset using our own valuation models, based on independently obtained market data.
•
We evaluated the adequacy of the Company’s disclosures related to the fair value of derivative asset in the consolidated financial statements.
/s/ Marcum LLP
Marcum LLP
We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2021.
San Francisco, CA
February 25, 2025
F-3
CIPHER MINING INC.
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
(in thousands, except for share and per share amounts)
December 31, 2024
December 31, 2023
ASSETS
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents
$
5,585

$
86,105

Accounts receivable
596

622

Receivables, related party
2,090

245

Prepaid expenses and other current assets
3,387

3,670

Bitcoin
92,651

32,978

Receivable for bitcoin collateral
32,248

-

Derivative asset
31,648

31,878

Total current assets
168,205

155,498

Restricted cash
14,392

-

Property and equipment, net
480,865

243,815

Deposits on equipment
38,872

30,812

Intangible assets, net
8,881

8,109

Investment in equity investees
53,908

35,258

Derivative asset
54,022

61,713

Operating lease right-of-use asset
12,561

7,077

Security deposits
19,782

23,855

Other noncurrent assets
3,958

-

Total assets
$
855,446

$
566,137

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY
Current liabilities
Accounts payable
$
22,699

$
4,980

Accounts payable, related party
-

1,554

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities
69,824

22,439

Finance lease liability, current portion
3,798

3,404

Operating lease liability, current portion
3,127

1,166

Short-term borrowings
32,330

-

Warrant liability
-

250

Total current liabilities
131,778

33,793

Asset retirement obligations
20,282

18,394

Finance lease liability
7,331

11,128

Operating lease liability
9,833

6,280

Deferred tax liability
4,269

5,206

Total liabilities
173,493

74,801

Commitments and contingencies (
Note 13
)
Stockholders’ equity
Preferred stock, $
0.001
 par value; 
10,000,000
 shares authorized, 
none
 issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2024, and December 31, 2023
-

-

Common stock, $
0.001
 par value, 
500,000,000
 shares authorized, 
361,432,449
 and 
296,276,536
 shares issued as of December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and 
350,783,817
 and 
290,957,862
 shares outstanding as of December 31, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively
361

296

Additional paid-in capital
863,015

627,822

Accumulated deficit
(
181,412
)
(
136,777
)
Treasury stock, at par, 
10,648,632
 and 
5,318,674
 shares at December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively
(
11
)
(
5
)
Total stockholders’ equity
681,953

491,336

Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity
$
855,446

$
566,137

F-4
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
F-5
CIPHER MINING INC.
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
(in thousands, except for share and per share amounts)
Year Ended December 31,
2024
2023
Revenue - bitcoin mining
$
151,270

$
126,842

Costs and operating (expenses) income
Cost of revenue
(
62,364
)
(
50,309
)
Compensation and benefits
(
60,796
)
(
57,399
)
General and administrative
(
32,655
)
(
27,796
)
Depreciation and amortization
(
102,448
)
(
59,093
)
Change in fair value of derivative asset
(
7,921
)
26,836

Power sales
5,405

9,941

Equity in losses of equity investees
(
384
)
(
2,530
)
Unrealized gains on fair value of bitcoin
11,313

3,299

Realized gains on sale of bitcoin
51,548

7,739

Other gains
3,333

2,355

Total costs and operating expenses
(
194,969
)
(
146,957
)
Operating loss
(
43,699
)
(
20,115
)
Other income (expense)
Interest income
3,384

164

Interest expense
(
1,708
)
(
1,999
)
Change in fair value of warrant liability
250

(
243
)
Other expense
(
2,544
)
(
17
)
Total other income (expense)
(
618
)
(
2,095
)
Loss before taxes
(
44,317
)
(
22,210
)
Current income tax expense
(
1,255
)
(
201
)
Deferred income tax benefit (expense)
937

(
3,366
)
Total income tax benefit (expense)
(
318
)
(
3,567
)
Net loss
$
(
44,635
)
$
(
25,777
)
Loss per share - basic and diluted
$
(
0.14
)
$
(
0.10
)
Weighted average shares outstanding - basic and diluted
323,103,303
252,439,461
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
F-6
  CIPHER MINING INC.
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY (DEFICIT)
(in thousands, except for share amounts)
Year Ended December 31, 2024
Common Stock
Additional
Paid-in Capital 
Accumulated Deficit

Treasury Stock

Total
Stockholders’ Equity 
Shares
Amount
Shares

Amount

Balance as of December 31, 2023
296,276,536
$
296

$
627,822

$
(
136,777
)
(
5,318,674
)
$
(
5
)
$
491,336

Issuance of common shares, net of offering costs - At-the-market offering
52,825,758
53

221,642

- 
-
- 
221,695

Delivery of common stock underlying restricted stock units, net of shares settled for tax withholding settlement
12,330,155
12

(
27,648
)
- 
(
5,329,958
)
(
6
)
(
27,642
)
Share-based compensation
-
- 
41,199

- 
-
- 
41,199

Net loss
-
- 
- 
(
44,635
)
-
- 
(
44,635
)
Balance as of December 31, 2024
361,432,449
$
361

$
863,015

$
(
181,412
)
(
10,648,632
)
$
(
11
)
$
681,953

Year Ended December 31, 2023
Common Stock

Additional
Paid-in Capital 
Accumulated Deficit

Treasury Stock

Total
Stockholders’ Equity 
Shares

Amount

Shares

Amount

Balance as of December 31, 2022
251,095,305
$
251

$
453,854

$
(
111,209
)
(
3,543,347
)
$
(
4
)
$
342,892

Cumulative effect upon adoption of ASU 2023-08
-
- 
- 
209

-
- 
209

Issuance of common shares, net of offering costs - At-the-market offering
37,433,923
37

132,406

- 
-
- 
132,443

Issuance of common stock - Black Pearl asset acquisition
2,397,424
2

6,998

- 
-
- 
7,000

Delivery of common stock underlying restricted stock units, net of shares settled for tax withholding settlement
4,942,906
5

(
3,906
)
- 
(
1,775,327
)
(
1
)
(
3,902
)
Share-based compensation
406,978
1

38,470

- 
-
- 
38,471

Net loss
-
- 
- 
(
25,777
)
-
- 
(
25,777
)
Balance as of December 31, 2023
296,276,536
$
296

$
627,822

$
(
136,777
)
(
5,318,674
)
$
(
5
)
$
491,336

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
F-7
CIPHER MINING INC.
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
(in thousands)
Year Ended December 31,
2024
2023
Cash flows from operating activities
Net loss
$
(
44,635
)
$
(
25,777
)
Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities:
Depreciation
101,798

58,972

Amortization of intangible assets
650

121

Amortization of operating right-of-use asset
1,249

822

Share-based compensation
42,132

38,470

Equity in losses (gains) of equity investees
384

2,530

Loss on disposal of assets
290

-

Non-cash lease expense
919

1,940

Deferred income taxes
(
937
)
3,366

Bitcoin received as payment for services
(
151,296
)
(
126,319
)
Change in fair value of derivative asset
7,921

(
26,836
)
Change in fair value of warrant liability
(
250
)
243

Change in fair value of bitcoin collateral
(
546
)
-

Change in fair value of bitcoin loan
(
669
)
-

Unrealized gains on fair value of bitcoin
(
11,313
)
(
3,299
)
Realized gains on sale of bitcoin
(
51,548
)
(
7,739
)
Changes in assets and liabilities:
 Accounts receivable 
26

(
524
)
 Receivables, related party 
(
1,845
)
(
1,203
)
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
283

3,531

 Security deposits 
12,370

(
6,125
)
 Other non-current assets 
(
3,958
)
-

 Accounts payable 
7,997

(
9,306
)
 Accounts payable, related party 
-

(
1,529
)
 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 
3,467

5,311

 Lease liabilities 
-

(
890
)
Net cash used in operating activities
(
87,511
)
(
94,241
)
Cash flows from investing activities
Proceeds from sale of bitcoin
148,870

111,188

Deposits on equipment
(
162,958
)
(
33,906
)
Purchases of property and equipment
(
139,495
)
(
20,480
)
Purchases and development of software
(
1,423
)
(
634
)
Capital distributions from equity investees
-

3,808

Investment in equity investees
(
37,123
)
(
3,545
)
Prepayments on financing lease
-

(
3,676
)
Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities
(
192,129
)
52,755

Cash flows from financing activities
Proceeds from the issuance of common stock
225,181

135,848

Offering costs paid for the issuance of common stock
(
3,487
)
(
3,404
)
Repurchase of common shares to pay employee withholding taxes
(
27,641
)
(
3,902
)
Proceeds from loans
25,000

-

Principal payments on financing lease
(
5,541
)
(
12,878
)
Net cash provided by financing activities
213,512

115,664

Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash
(
66,128
)
74,178

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, beginning of the period
86,105

11,927

Cash and cash equivalents, and restricted cash, end of the period
$
19,977

$
86,105

F-8
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements
CIPHER MINING INC.
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS - CONTINUED
(in thousands)
Year Ended December 31,
2024
2023
Supplemental disclosure of noncash investing and financing activities
 Reclassification of deposits on equipment to property and equipment 
$
154,898

$
74,186

 Property and equipment purchases in accounts payable and accrued expenses 
$
42,192

$
-

 Bitcoin transferred for rehypothecated collateral 
$
31,702

$
-

 Bitcoin received from equity investees 
$
18,089

$
317

 Bitcoin received as a loan 
$
9,976

$
-

 Bitcoin paid for interest on loan 
$
1,977

$
-

 Sales tax accrual on machine purchases 
$
2,219

$
1,209

 Right-of-use asset obtained in exchange for operating lease liability 
$
6,733

$
2,812

 Settlement of related party payable related to master services and supply agreement 
$
1,554

$
-

 Right-of-use asset obtained in exchange for finance lease liability 
$
-

$
14,212

 Issuance of common stock in exchange for intangible assets 
$
-

$
7,000

The following table provides a reconciliation of Cash and cash equivalents together with Restricted cash as reported within the Consolidated Balance Sheets to the sum of the same such amounts shown in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.
December 31,
2024
2023
Cash and cash equivalents
$
5,585

$
86,105

Restricted cash
14,392

-

Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash shown in the statement of cash flows
$
19,977

$
86,105

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
F-9
CIPHER MINING INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE 1. 
ORGANIZATION
Nature of operations
Cipher Mining Inc. (“Cipher” or the “Company”) is focused on the development and operation of industrial-scale data centers for bitcoin mining and high-performance compute (“HPC”) hosting. The Company operates 
one
 wholly-owned bitcoin mining data center and jointly operates 
three
 partially-owned bitcoin mining data centers that were acquired through investments in joint ventures. The Company has acquired 
four
 new wholly-owned sites as of December 31, 2024 which have not commenced operating, and options to acquire 
three
 additional wholly-owned sites.
Risks and uncertainties
Liquidity, capital resources and limited business history
The Company has historically experienced net losses and negative cash flows from operations; however, proceeds from sales of bitcoin are categorized as cash flows from investing activities to the extent bitcoin is sold after 
seven days
 of receipt. As of December 31, 2024, the Company had approximate balances of cash and cash equivalents of $
5.6
 million, working capital of $
36.4
 million, total stockholders’ equity of $
682.0
 million and an accumulated deficit of $
181.4
 million. The Company uses a combination of proceeds from sales of bitcoin earned by or received from its bitcoin mining data centers, short-term financing arrangements, and strategic sales of shares through “at-the-market” offerings to support its operating expenses and capital expenditures.
The Company monitors its balance sheet on an ongoing basis to determine the proper mix of bitcoin retention and bitcoin sales to support its cash requirements, ongoing operations, and capital expenditures. Bitcoin is classified as a current asset on the Company’s balance sheets due to its intent and ability to sell bitcoin to support operations when needed. Approximately $
87.5
 million of cash was used for operating activities during the years ended December 31, 2024.
During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company paid approximately $
163.0
 million for deposits on equipment primarily related to new miner purchases for its Odessa Facility, and reclassified approximately $
154.9
 million to property and equipment related to equipment being placed into service. 
The Company has a master loan agreement with Coinbase Credit, Inc., as Lender, and Coinbase, Inc., as Lending Service Provider (the “Coinbase Master Loan Agreement”). Pursuant to the master loan agreement, the Company has a secured line of credit up to $
25.0
 million (the “Coinbase Overnight Credit Facility”), and a term loan facility with Coinbase with a limit of $
35.0
 million and maximum period of 
one year
 (the “Term Loan Facility”). As described in more detail in 
Note 19. Short-term borrowings
, the borrowings are collateralized by bitcoin transferred to the Lending Service Provider’s platform.
Management believes that the Company’s existing financial resources, combined with projected cash and bitcoin inflows from its data centers, its ability to sell bitcoin received or earned, and its intent and ability to sell common stock through at-the-market offerings will be sufficient to enable the Company to meet its operating and capital requirements for at least 12 months from the date these consolidated financial statements are issued.
There is limited historical financial information about the Company upon which to base an evaluation of its performance. The business is subject to risks inherent in the establishment of a new business enterprise, including limited capital resources, possible delays in exploration and/or development, and possible cost overruns due to price and cost increases in services. The Company may require additional capital to pursue certain business opportunities or respond to technological advancements, competitive dynamics or technologies, challenges, acquisitions or unforeseen circumstances. Additionally, the Company has incurred and expects to continue to incur significant costs related to operating as a public company. Accordingly, the Company may engage in equity or debt financings or enter into credit facilities for the above-mentioned or other reasons; however, the Company may not be able to timely secure additional debt or equity financings on favorable terms, if at all. If the Company raises additional funds through equity financing, its existing stockholders could experience significant dilution. Furthermore, any debt financing obtained by the Company in the future could involve restrictive covenants relating to the Company’s capital raising activities and other financial and operational matters, which may make it more difficult for the Company to obtain additional capital and to pursue business opportunities. If the Company is unable to obtain adequate financing on terms that are satisfactory to the Company, when the Company requires it, the Company’s ability to continue to grow or support the business and to respond to business challenges could be significantly limited, which may adversely affect the Company’s business plan.
F-10
CIPHER MINING INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTE 2. 
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Basis of presentation and principles of consolidation
The Company prepares its consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (“GAAP”) as determined by the FASB and pursuant to the accounting and disclosure rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”).
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its controlled subsidiaries. All intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated.
Certain reclassifications have been made to the prior period’s consolidated financial statements in order to conform to the current period presentation. Such reclassifications are immaterial, individually and in the aggregate, to both current and all previously issued financial statements taken as a whole.
 Effective for the quarter ended March 31, 2024, the Company changed the presentation of its consolidated income statement to separately disclose Compensation and benefits from General and administrative. The Company believes this presentation provides increased transparency on the nature of the respective financial statement line items. As a result, the Company reported $
57.4
 million of Compensation and benefits expense for the year ended December 31, 2023.
Use of estimates 
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting period. The most significant estimates inherent in the preparation of the Company’s consolidated financial statements include, but are not limited to, those related to equity instruments issued in share-based compensation arrangements, valuations of its derivative asset and warrant liability, useful lives of property and equipment, the asset retirement obligations and the valuation allowance associated with the Company’s deferred tax assets, among others. Making estimates requires management to exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition, situation or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the financial statements, which management considered in formulating its estimate, could change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly, the actual results could differ significantly from those estimates.
Cash and cash equivalents
The Company considers all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less at the date of acquisition to be cash equivalents. The Company’s cash equivalents consist of funds held in money market accounts.
 The Company had $
5.6
 million and $
86.1
 million in cash equivalents as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
Restricted cash
Restricted cash represents amounts pledged as collateral to Luminant ET Services Company LLC (“Luminant”), and Vistra Operations Company, LLC (“Vistra”), a Luminant affiliate, primarily related to the Luminant Power Agreement (defined below in 
Note 4. Derivative Asset)
. Previously these amounts were held by each respective counterparty, and classified in the Company's financials as Security deposits. In September 2024, the Company moved the collateral to a money market account in the Company's name with a bank letter of credit. The collateral restrictions related to the Luminant Power Agreement will lapse upon termination of the agreement.
Concentrations of credit risk
Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to significant concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents. Periodically, the Company maintains deposits in financial institutions in excess of government insured limits. Management believes that the Company is not exposed to significant credit risk as the Company’s deposits are held at financial institutions that management believes to be of high credit quality. The Company has not experienced any losses on these deposits.
Accounts receivable
The Company’s accounts receivable balance consists of amounts due from its only customer, a mining pool operator. Amounts recorded in accounts receivable as of December 31, 2024 consist of the block rewards and transaction fees earned 
F-11
CIPHER MINING INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
the last day (last contract period) of the year, but not yet received from the mining pool operator.

No
 allowance was recorded as of December 31, 2024.
Fair value of financial instruments
The Company’s financial assets and liabilities are accounted for in accordance with ASC 820, 
Fair Value Measurement
 (“ASC 820”), which defines fair value as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. The fair value hierarchy requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs when measuring fair value and classifies those inputs into three levels:
Level 1 – Observable inputs, such as quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities.
Level 2 – Inputs other than Level 1 inputs that are either directly or indirectly observable, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the instrument’s anticipated life.
Level 3 – Unobservable inputs in which there is little or no market data, which require the reporting entity to develop its own assumptions.
To the extent the valuation is based on models or inputs that are less observable or unobservable in the market, the determination of fair values requires more judgment. Accordingly, the degree of judgment exercised by management in determining fair value is greatest for instruments categorized as Level 3. A financial instrument’s level within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of any input that is significant to the fair value measurement.
The carrying values reported in the Company’s consolidated balance sheets for cash (excluding cash equivalents which are recorded at fair value on a recurring basis), accounts payable and accrued expenses and other current liabilities are reasonable estimates of their fair values due to the short-term nature of these items.
As of 
December 31, 2024
, the Company had an embedded derivative asset in the accounts receivable recorded for the amount of block rewards and transaction fees earned the last day (last contract period) of the year. The derivative asset is classified within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy because fair value is based on quoted prices in an active market. Changes in fair value of the derivative asset are presented within operating expense (income) in the consolidated statement of operations.

Refer to 
Note 18. Fair Value Measurements
, for further information about the Level 3 asset and liability rollforwards of activity and Level 3 inputs.
Bitcoin
Bitcoin are included in current assets on the consolidated balance sheets. Bitcoin received through the Company’s wholly-owned mining activities are accounted for in connection with the Company’s revenue recognition policy. Bitcoin awarded to the Company as distributions-in-kind from equity investees are accounted for in accordance with ASC 845, 
Nonmonetary Transactions
, and recorded at fair value upon receipt.
Bitcoin held by the Company are accounted for as intangible assets under ASC 350-60, 
Crypto Assets, 
issued by the FASB in December 2023. Intangible assets under the scope of this subtopic are measured at fair value on the Company’s consolidated balance sheet. The Company determines the fair value of its bitcoin on a nonrecurring basis in accordance with ASC 820 based on quoted prices on the active trading platform that the Company has determined is its principal market for bitcoin (Level 1 inputs).
Prior to the adoption of ASU 2023-08, bitcoin was accounted for as an intangible asset subject to impairment. Upon adoption of ASC 350-60 on January 1, 2023, the Company recorded an opening adjustment to retained earnings of $
0.2
 million.
Bitcoin awarded to the Company through its mining activities are included as an adjustment to reconcile net loss to cash used in operating activities on the consolidated statements of cash flows. Proceeds from sales of bitcoin are included within cash flows from operating activities on the consolidated statements of cash flows to the extent bitcoin are sold within 
seven days
 of being awarded, and investing cash flows if sold after that period. Any realized gains or losses from such sales are 
F-12
CIPHER MINING INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
included in costs and operating expenses (income) on the consolidated statements of operations. The receipt of bitcoin as distributions-in-kind from equity investees are included as a noncash activity on the consolidated statements of cash flows. Bitcoin are sold on a first-in-first-out (“FIFO”) basis.
Receivable for bitcoin collateral
Receivable for bitcoin is included in current assets on the consolidated balance sheets. This balance represents bitcoin pledged to counterparties as collateral which can be rehypothecated, and therefore is derecognized from the Company’s Bitcoin balance. The receivable is recorded at fair value, with changes in fair value recorded in Other income (expense) on the consolidated statements of operations.

No
 allowance was recorded as of December 31, 2024.
Property and equipment, net
Property and equipment consists primarily of miners and mining equipment, leasehold improvements and construction-in-progress at the Company’s data centers, and is stated at cost, net of accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization are calculated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Leasehold improvements include capitalized asset retirement costs (see the related 
Asset Retirement Obligations 
policy below) and the substation right-of-use asset (further discussed in 
Note 13.

Leases)
, both of which are amortized over the shorter of the estimated useful life of the related assets, or the related lease. All other leasehold improvements are depreciated over the lesser of the estimated useful life of the asset or the remaining life of the related lease. Costs of maintenance, repairs and minor replacements are expensed when incurred. Construction-in-progress is comprised of assets which have not been placed into service and is not depreciated until the related assets or improvements are ready to be placed into service.
The estimated useful lives for all property and equipment are as follows:
Useful lives
(in years)
Miners and mining equipment
3
Leasehold improvements
5
Other
3
 to 
7
Infrastructure assets
20
Intangible assets, net
Intangible assets, net primarily includes strategic contracts acquired as part of asset acquisitions and relate to certain regulatory approvals related to energizing data centers. Intangible assets also includes capitalized software, which consists of consulting costs related to development of internal-use software. Intangible assets are presented net of the associated accumulated amortization.
The Company accounts for the costs of software developed for internal use by capitalizing costs incurred during the application development stage to property and equipment, net on its consolidated balance sheets. Costs related to preliminary project activities and post-implementation activities are expensed as incurred. The Company plans to amortize the capitalized costs of internal-use software on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the asset, which is expected to be 
three years
. The Company will recognize the amortization of software in depreciation expense on the consolidated statements of operations once the software is technologically feasible.
The estimated useful lives for all intangible assets are as follows:
Useful lives
(in years)
Software
3
Strategic contracts
20
F-13
CIPHER MINING INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Impairment of long-lived assets
Management reviews long-lived assets, including leases and investments, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset, asset group or investment may not be recoverable.
Recoverability of assets to be held and used are measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. Because the impairment test for long-lived assets held in use is based on estimated undiscounted cash flows, there may be instances where an asset or asset group is not considered impaired, even when its fair value may be less than its carrying value, because the asset or asset group is recoverable based on the cash flows to be generated over the estimated life of the asset or asset group. 
If such assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized will be measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets.

The Company completed a quantitative assessment during the second quarter in connection with entering into agreements to obtain new miners, and concluded no impairment existed as of the assessment date. There was no further indication that the Company’s long-lived assets might be impaired as of December 31, 2024.
Investment in equity investees
The Company accounts for investments using the equity method of accounting if the investments provide the Company the ability to exercise significant influence, but not control, over its investees. Significant influence is generally deemed to exist if the Company has an ownership interest in the voting stock of an investee of between 
20
 percent and 
50
 percent, or an ownership interest greater than 
three
 to 
five
 percent in certain partnerships, unincorporated joint ventures and limited liability companies, although other factors are considered in determining whether the equity method of accounting is appropriate. Under this method, an investment in the common stock of an investee (including a joint venture) shall be initially measured and recorded at cost; however, an investor shall initially measure at fair value an investment in the common stock of an investee (including a joint venture) recognized upon the derecognition of a distinct nonfinancial asset at the time that control over the distinct nonfinancial asset is transferred to the equity investee, such as that which occurs upon the transfer of miners and mining equipment to a joint venture from the Company.
The Company’s investments are subsequently adjusted to recognize its share of net income or losses as they occur. The Company also adjusts its investment upon receipt of bitcoin from an equity investee, which is accounted for as a distribution-in-kind that is measured as of time of receipt. The Company’s share of investees’ earnings or losses is recorded, net of taxes, within equity in losses of equity investees on the Company’s consolidated statement of operations. Additionally, the Company’s interest in the net assets of its equity method investees is reflected on its consolidated balance sheet. If, upon the Company’s contribution of nonfinancial assets to a joint venture, there is any difference between the cost of the investment and the amount of the underlying equity in the net assets of the investee, the difference is required to be accounted for as if the investee were a consolidated subsidiary. If the difference is assigned to depreciable or amortizable assets or liabilities, then the difference should be amortized or accreted in connection with the equity earnings based on the Company’s proportionate share of the investee’s net income or loss. If the Company is unable to relate the difference to specific accounts of the investee, the difference should be considered goodwill.
The Company considers whether the fair value of its equity method investments have declined below their carrying values whenever adverse events or changes in circumstances indicate that recorded values may not be recoverable. If the Company considered any such decline to be other than temporary (based on various factors, including historical financial results, success of the mining operations and the overall health of the investee’s industry), then the Company would record a write-down to the estimated fair value.
Asset retirement obligations
Asset retirement obligations relate to the legal obligations associated with the retirement of long-lived assets that result from the construction, development and/or normal operation of a long-lived asset. The Company currently has 
one
 asset retirement obligation (“ARO”) recorded related to the construction of the data center and installation of the related electrical infrastructure at the Odessa Facility. ASC 410, 
Asset Retirement and Environmental Obligations
 (“ASC 410”) requires an entity to record the fair value of a liability for an ARO in the period in which it is incurred if a reasonable estimate of fair value can be made. Due to the long lead time involved until decommissioning activities occur, the Company uses a present value technique to estimate the liability. A liability for the fair value of the ARO based on the expected present value of estimated future decommissioning costs with a corresponding increase to the carrying value of 
F-14
CIPHER MINING INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
the related long-lived asset (leasehold improvements) was recorded upon commencement of the lease in November 2022. Additionally, an ARO for our Black Pearl Facility will be analyzed and recorded upon completion of construction. The estimated capitalized asset retirement costs are depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated remaining useful life of the related long-lived asset, with such depreciation included in depreciation expense in the consolidated statements of operations. The ARO is accreted based on the original discount rate and is recognized as an increase in the carrying amount of the liability and a charge to accretion expense, which is included in depreciation expense in the consolidated statements of operations. Annually, or more frequently if an event occurs that would dictate a change in assumptions or estimates underlying the obligation, the Company reassesses its ARO to determine whether any revisions to the obligation are necessary. Revisions to the estimated ARO for items such as (i) new liabilities incurred, (ii) liabilities settled during the period and (iii) revisions to estimated future cash flow requirements (if any), will result in adjustments to the related capitalized asset and corresponding liability.
In order to determine the fair value of the ARO, the Company’s management made certain estimates and assumptions including, among other things, projected cash flows, the borrowing interest rate and an assessment of market conditions that could significantly impact the estimated fair value. These estimates and assumptions are subjective.
 See additional information regarding the ARO in 
Note 12.

Asset Retirement Obligations
.
Leases
The Company accounts for leases in accordance with ASC 842, 
Leases
 (“ASC 842”). Accordingly, the Company determines whether an arrangement contains a lease at the inception of the arrangement. If a lease is determined to exist, the term of such lease is assessed based on the date on which the underlying asset is made available for the Company’s use by the lessor. The Company’s assessment of the lease term reflects the non-cancelable term of the lease, inclusive of any rent-free periods and/or periods covered by early-termination options which the Company is reasonably certain of not exercising, as well as periods covered by renewal options which the Company is reasonably certain of exercising. The Company also determines lease classification as either operating or finance at lease commencement, which governs the pattern of expense recognition and the presentation reflected in the consolidated statements of operations over the lease term.
For leases with a term exceeding 12 months, a lease liability is recorded on the Company’s consolidated balance sheet at lease commencement reflecting the present value of its fixed minimum payment obligations over the lease term. A corresponding right-of-use (“ROU”) asset equal to the initial lease liability is also recorded, adjusted for any accrued or prepaid rents and/or unamortized initial direct costs incurred in connection with execution of the lease and reduced by any lease incentives received. For purposes of measuring the present value of its fixed payment obligations for a given lease, the Company generally uses its incremental borrowing rate, determined based on information available at lease commencement, if rates implicit in its leasing arrangements are not readily determinable. The Company’s incremental borrowing rate reflects the rate it would pay to borrow on a secured basis and incorporates the term and economic environment of the associated lease. ROU assets will be reviewed for impairment, consistent with other long-lived assets, whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable.
Lease expense for operating leases is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term as an operating expense while the expense for finance leases is recognized as depreciation expense and interest expense using the interest method of recognition. For leases with a term of 12 months or less, any fixed payments are recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term and are not recognized on the Company’s consolidated balance sheet as an accounting policy election. Leases qualifying for the short-term lease exception are insignificant. Variable lease costs are expensed as incurred and are not included in the measurement of ROU assets and lease liabilities.
ASC 842 provides practical expedients for an entity’s ongoing accounting. The Company elected the practical expedient not to separate lease and non-lease components for all leases, which means all consideration that is fixed, or in-substance fixed, relating to the non-lease components will be captured as part of the Company’s lease components for balance sheet purposes.

F-15
CIPHER MINING INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Short-term borrowings
Short-term borrowings includes debt with maturity dates less than one year. The Company has elected the fair value option to debt denominated in bitcoin. The change in fair value for bitcoin denominated debt is recorded in Other income (expense).
 Refer to 
Note 19. Short-term borrowings 
 for details on the Company’s borrowings.
Common stock warrants
Upon the consummation of the Business Combination, the Company assumed common stock warrants that were originally issued in GWAC’s initial public offering (the “Public Warrants”), as well as warrants that were issued in a private placement that closed concurrently with GWAC’s initial public offering (the “Private Placement Warrants”). See 
Note 16.

Warrants
 for additional information on the Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants.
The Company is capitalized as a single class of common stock, accordingly, a qualifying cash tender offer of more than 
50
% of the Common Stock will always result in a change-in-control, and in accordance with ASC 815-40-55-3, this would not preclude permanent equity classification of the Public Warrants; therefore, the Public Warrants are equity classified.
The Private Placement Warrants are accounted for as a liability under ASC 815-40, 
Derivatives and Hedging - Contracts in Entity’s Own Equity
, as they are a freestanding financial instrument that require the Company to transfer assets upon exercise. The Company recorded the Private Placement Warrants as a liability in the consolidated balance sheet at fair value on the Closing Date, with subsequent changes in fair value recognized in the change in fair value of warrant liability within the consolidated statements of operations. The Private Placement Warrants were valued using a Black-Scholes option-pricing model
 as described in 
Note 18.

Fair Value Measurements
.
Treasury stock
Treasury share purchases obtained through share withholdings for taxes are recorded at par value.
Revenue recognition
The Company recognizes revenue under ASC 606, 
Revenue from Contracts with Customers
 (“ASC 606”). The core principle of the revenue standard is that a company should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The following five steps are applied to achieve that core principle:
•
Step 1: Identify the contract with the customer
•
Step 2: Identify the performance obligations in the contract
•
Step 3: Determine the transaction price
•
Step 4: Allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract
•
Step 5: Recognize revenue when the company satisfies a performance obligation
In order to identify the performance obligations in a contract with a customer, a company must assess the promised goods or services in the contract and identify each promised good or service that is distinct. A performance obligation meets ASC 606’s definition of a “distinct” good or service (or bundle of goods or services) if both of the following criteria are met: The customer can benefit from the good or service either on its own or together with other resources that are readily available to the customer (i.e., the good or service is capable of being distinct), and the entity’s promise to transfer the good or service to the customer is separately identifiable from other promises in the contract (i.e., the promise to transfer the good or service is distinct within the context of the contract).
If a good or service is not distinct, the good or service is combined with other promised goods or services until a bundle of goods or services is identified that is distinct. The transaction price is the amount of consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring promised goods or services to a customer. The consideration promised in a contract with a customer may include fixed amounts, variable amounts, or both. When determining the transaction price, an entity must consider the effects of all of the following:
•
Variable consideration
F-16
CIPHER MINING INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
•
Constraining estimates of variable consideration
•
The existence of a significant financing component in the contract
•
Noncash consideration
•
Consideration payable to a customer
Variable consideration is included in the transaction price only to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved. The transaction price is allocated to each performance obligation on a relative standalone selling price basis. The standalone selling price is the price at which the Company would sell a promised service separately to a customer. The relative selling price for each performance obligation is estimated using observable objective evidence if it is available. If observable objective evidence is not available, the Company uses its best estimate of the selling price for the promised service. In instances where the Company does not sell a service separately, establishing standalone selling price requires significant judgment. The Company estimates the standalone selling price by considering available information, prioritizing observable inputs such as historical sales, internally approved pricing guidelines and objectives, and the underlying cost of delivering the performance obligation. The transaction price allocated to each performance obligation is recognized when that performance obligation is satisfied, at a point in time or over time as appropriate.
Management judgment is required when determining the following: when variable consideration is no longer probable of significant reversal (and hence can be included in revenue); whether certain revenue should be presented gross or net of certain related costs; when a promised service transfers to the customer; and the applicable method of measuring progress for services transferred to the customer over time.
The Company enters into bitcoin mining pools by executing a contract, as amended from time to time, with a mining pool operator to provide computing power to the mining pool. Providing computing power to a mining pool operator for the purpose of cryptocurrency transaction verification is an output of the Company’s ordinary activities. The contract is terminable at any time by either party with no substantive termination penalty. The Company’s enforceable right to compensation begins when, and lasts for as long as, the Company provides computing power to the mining pool operator; the Company’s performance obligation extends over the contract term given the Company’s continuous provision of hashrate. This period of time corresponds with the period of service for which the mining pool operator determines compensation due the Company. Given cancellation terms of the contract, and the Company’s customary business practice, the contract effectively provides the Company with the option to renew for successive contract terms of 
24
 hours. The options to renew are not material rights because they are offered at the standalone selling price of computing power. The Company elected the optional exemption to not disclose the transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations that are part of a contract that has an original expected duration of one year or less.
The provision of computing power in accordance with the mining pool operator’s terms of service is the only performance obligation in the Company’s contract with the mining pool operator, its customer. In exchange for providing computing power pursuant to the pool’s terms of service, the Company is entitled to noncash consideration in the form of bitcoin, measured under the Full Pay Per Share (“FPPS”) approach for all current pools the Company participates in. Under the FPPS approach, the Company is entitled to a fractional share of the fixed bitcoin award from the mining pool operator (referred to as a “block reward”) and potentially transaction fees generated from (paid by) blockchain users and distributed (paid out) to individual miners by the mining pool operator. The Company’s fractional share of the block reward is based on the proportion of computing power the Company contributed to the mining pool operator to the total computing power contributed by all mining pool participants in solving the current algorithm, over the contract term. The Company is entitled to its relative share of consideration even if a block is not successfully placed. In other words, the Company receives consideration once after the end of each 
24
-hour contract period, regardless of whether the pool successfully places a block. The Company proportionate share of transaction fees is based on the Company’s 
contributed share of hashrate as a percentage of total network hashrate during the contract term.
The mining pool operator calculates block rewards under the FPPS approach described above and may charge a pool fee for maintenance of the pool that reduces the amount of block rewards to which the Company is entitled. After every 
24
-hour contract term, the Company receives a payout and the pool transfers the bitcoin consideration to the Company’s designated bitcoin wallet.
F-17
CIPHER MINING INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Noncash consideration is measured at fair value at contract inception. Fair value of the bitcoin consideration is determined using the quoted price on the Company’s principal market for bitcoin at the beginning of the contract period at the single bitcoin level (one bitcoin). This amount is recognized in revenue over the contract term as hashrate is provided. Changes in the fair value of the noncash consideration due to form of the consideration (changes in the market price of bitcoin) are not included in the transaction price and hence are not included in revenue. Changes in fair value of the noncash consideration post-contract inception that are due to reasons other than form of consideration (other than changes in the market value of bitcoin) are measured based on the guidance on variable consideration, including the constraint on estimates of variable consideration.
Because the consideration to which the Company expects to be entitled for providing computing power is entirely variable, as well as being noncash consideration, the Company assesses the estimated amount of the variable noncash consideration at contract inception and subsequently, to determine when and to what extent it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur once the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved (the “constraint”). Only when significant revenue reversal is concluded probable of not occurring can estimated variable consideration be included in revenue. Based on evaluation of likelihood and magnitude of a reversal in applying the constraint, the estimated variable noncash consideration is constrained from inclusion in revenue until the end of the contract term, when the underlying uncertainties have been resolved and number of bitcoin to which the Company is entitled becomes known.
There is no significant financing component in these transactions.
During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company earned revenue of $
151.3
 million from pool operators Foundry USA Pool (“Foundry”), and Luxor Technology Corporation (“Luxor”), representing 
100
% of total consolidated revenue.
Cost of revenue
Cost of revenue consists primarily of direct production costs of bitcoin mining operations, which consists mainly of electricity expenses, but excludes depreciation which is separately stated.

Share-based compensation
The Company accounts for all share-based payments to employees, consultants and directors, which may include grants of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock awards and restricted stock units (“RSUs”) to be recognized in the consolidated financial statements, based on their respective grant date fair values. As of December 31, 2024, the Company has awarded only RSUs with service-based vesting conditions (“Service-Based RSUs”) and performance-based RSUs with market-based vesting conditions (“Performance-Based RSUs”). Compensation expense for all awards is amortized based upon a graded vesting method over the estimated requisite service period. All share-based compensation expenses are recorded in general and administrative expense in the consolidated statements of operations. Forfeitures are recorded as they occur. See also
 Note 17.

Share-Based Compensation
 below.
The fair value of Service-Based RSUs is the closing market price of Common Stock on the date of the grant. The Company employs a Monte Carlo simulation technique to calculate the fair value of the Performance-Based RSUs on the date granted based on the average of the future simulated outcomes. The Performance-Based RSUs contain different market-based vesting conditions that are based upon the achievement of certain market capitalization milestones. Under the Monte Carlo simulation model, a number of variables and assumptions are used including, but not limited to, the underlying price of Common Stock, the expected stock price volatility over the term of the award, a correlation coefficient, and the risk-free rate. The Performance-Based RSUs awarded do not have an explicit requisite service period, therefore compensation expense is recorded over a derived service period based upon the estimated median time it will take to achieve the market capitalization milestone using a Monte Carlo simulation.
Income taxes 
The Company complies with the accounting and reporting requirements of FASB ASC Topic 740, 
Income Taxes
 (“ASC 740”), which requires an asset and liability approach to financial accounting and reporting for income taxes. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are computed for differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities that will result in future taxable or deductible amounts, based on enacted tax laws and rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized.
F-18
CIPHER MINING INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
ASC 740 prescribes a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. As of December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company did 
no
t have any significant uncertain tax positions. The Company will recognize interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense. The Company did 
no
t have any accrued interest or penalties related to uncertain tax positions recorded as of December 31, 2024 or December 31, 2023, and no amounts have been recognized in the Company’s consolidated statements of operations. The Company does not anticipate a material change to unrecognized tax benefits in the next 12 months.
The Company files income tax returns in the United States federal tax jurisdiction and various state jurisdictions. The Company did not have any foreign operations during any periods presented in these consolidated financial statements. All of the Company’s tax years since inception are open for examination by the federal and state tax authorities and will remain open to the extent that the Company’s tax attributes are utilized in future years to offset income or income taxes. The Company is not aware of any tax examinations currently taking place.
Segment information
Operating segments are defined as components of an enterprise about which separate discrete information is available for evaluation by the chief operating decision maker, or decision-making group, in deciding how to allocate resources and in assessing performance. The Company views its operations and manages its business in 
one
 segment, Bitcoin mining.
Earnings per share
Basic earnings (loss) per share is computed by dividing net income (loss) allocated to common shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings (loss) per common share adjusts net income (loss) and net income (loss) per common share for the effect of all potentially dilutive shares of Common Stock. Potentially dilutive common shares consist of the Company’s outstanding warrants to purchase Common Stock, as well as unvested restricted stock units (“RSUs”). 
The dilutive effect of RSUs was calculated using the treasury stock method. For warrants that are liability-classified, during periods when the impact is dilutive, the Company assumes share settlement of the instruments as of the beginning of the reporting period and adjusts the numerator to remove the change in fair value of the warrant liability and adjusts the denominator to include the dilutive shares calculated using the treasury stock method.
The Company’s potentially dilutive common shares have been excluded from the computation of diluted net loss per common share when the effect would be to reduce the net loss per common share, or increase the net income per common share.
The following is a reconciliation of the numerator and denominator of the diluted earnings (loss) per share computations for the periods indicated below:
Year Ended December 31,
2024
2023
Basic and diluted loss per share:
Net loss
$
(
44,635
)
$
(
25,777
)
Weighted average shares outstanding - basic
323,103,303
252,439,461
Add:
RSUs
-
-
Weighted average shares outstanding - diluted
323,103,303
252,439,461
Net loss per share - basic and diluted
$
(
0.14
)
$
(
0.10
)
F-19
CIPHER MINING INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The following table presents the common shares that are excluded from the computation of diluted net income (loss) per common share at December 31, 2024 and 2023, because including them would have been antidilutive.
December 31,
2024
2023
Public warrants
8,613,980
8,499,980
Private placement warrants
—
114,000
Unvested RSUs
15,922,220
21,304,952
24,536,200
29,918,932
Recently issued and adopted accounting pronouncements
The Company continually assesses any new accounting pronouncements to determine their applicability. When it is determined that a new accounting pronouncement affects the Company’s financial reporting, the Company undertakes to determine the consequences of the change to its consolidated financial statements and assures that there are proper controls in place to ascertain that the Company’s consolidated financial statements properly reflect the change.
Recently adopted accounting pronouncements
In November 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-07, 
Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures 
(“ASU 2023-07”)
. 
ASU 2023-07 seeks to improve disclosures about a public entity’s reportable segments and add disclosures around a reportable segment’s expenses. The additional disclosures provided by this ASU are contained in 
Note 20. Segment Reporting.
Recently issued accounting pronouncements
In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09, 
Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures 
(“ASU 2023-09”)
.
 ASU 2023-09 seeks to improve transparency if income tax disclosures by requiring consistent categories and greater disaggregation of information in the rate reconciliation and income taxes paid disclosures. The updated guidance is effective for the Company on January 1, 2025. The Company does not expect the adoption of ASU 2023-09 to have a material impact on its financial statements and disclosures.
In March 2024, the FASB issued ASU 2024-01, 
Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Scope Application of Profits Interest and Similar Awards.
 This ASU seeks to provide clarity if profits interest awards are in scope for Topic 718 or Topic 720. This ASU is effective for the Company January 1, 2025. The Company does not expect a material impact on its financial statements or disclosures from adoption of this ASU.
In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU 2024-03, 
Income Statement - Reporting Comprehensive Income - Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40).
 ASU 2024-03 seeks to improve disclosures around expenses and provide more detail to investors about certain times of expenses in commonly presented captions. The updated guidance is effective for the Company on January 1, 2027. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of ASU 2024-03 but does not expect a material impact to its financial statements and disclosures.
In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU 2024-04, 
Debt - Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20): Induced Conversions of Convertible Debt Instruments.
 ASU 2024-04 seeks to improve the relevance and consistency in application of Subtopic 470-20 around when the terms of convertible debt instruments are changed to incentivize conversion. The updated guidance is effective for the Company on January 1, 2026. The Company has no convertible debt instruments and does not expect the adoption of this ASU to have a material impact on its financial statements and disclosures.
F-20
CIPHER MINING INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTE 3. 
BITCOIN
The following table presents information about the Company’s bitcoin (in thousands):
For the Year Ended December 31,
2024
2023
Opening balance
$
32,978

$
6,283

Cumulative effect upon adoption of ASU 2023-08
-

209

Bitcoin received from equity investees
18,089

317

Bitcoin received from mining activities
151,296

126,319

Bitcoin received from loan
9,976

-

Proceeds from sale of bitcoin
(
148,870
)
(
111,188
)
Bitcoin loan payments
(
1,977
)
-

Realized gains on sale of bitcoin
(1)
51,548

7,739

Unrealized gains on bitcoin
11,313

3,299

Bitcoin transferred to collateral, net
(
31,702
)
-

Ending balance
$
92,651

$
32,978

(1) Realized losses from sale of bitcoin was immaterial in all periods presented.
The Company held approximately 
994
 and 
780
 bitcoin at December 31, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively. The associated fair value and cost basis of bitcoin held was $
92.7
 million, and $
79.8
 million, respectively, at December 31, 2024, and $
33.0
 million, and $
30.9
 million, respectively at December 31, 2023. Fair value of bitcoin is estimated using the closing price, which is a Level 1 input (i.e., an observable input such as a quoted price in an active market for an identical asset). The Company accounts for bitcoin on a first-in-first-out (“FIFO”) basis.
As of December 31, 2024, 
345
 bitcoin with a fair value of $
32.2
 million were pledged as collateral related to the Coinbase Overnight Credit Facility. Restrictions on this bitcoin pledged as collateral will lapse upon repayment of the outstanding balance drawn on this facility. The collateral pledged related to the Coinbase Overnight Credit Facility can be rehypothecated and therefore is derecognized from the Company’s ending bitcoin balance, and recorded in Receivable for bitcoin collateral on the Company’s consolidated balance sheet. Any difference in cost basis of the bitcoin transferred is recorded in Realized gains on sale of bitcoin on the Company’s consolidated statement of operations.
As of December 31, 2023, 
10
 bitcoin with a fair value of $
0.4
 million were pledged as collateral related to bitcoin hedging strategies. Collateral under these transactions were not subject to rehypothecation and are included in the Company’s ending bitcoin balance. Restrictions on that collateral lapsed on January 26, 2024.
NOTE 4. 
DERIVATIVE ASSET
Luminant Power Agreement
On June 23, 2021, the Company entered into a power purchase agreement with Luminant, which was subsequently amended and restated on July 9, 2021, and further amended on February 28, 2022, August 26, 2022, and August 23, 2023 (as amended, the “Luminant Power Agreement”), for the supply of a fixed amount of electric power to the Odessa Facility at a fixed price for a term of 
five years
, subject to certain early termination exemptions. The Luminant Power Agreement provides for subsequent automatic annual renewal unless either party provides written notice to the other party of its intent to terminate the agreement at least 
six months
 prior to the expiration of the then current term.
The Company’s management determined that the Luminant Power Agreement meets the definition of a derivative under ASC 815, 
Derivatives and Hedging
 (“ASC 815”). Accordingly, the Luminant Power Agreement is recorded at its estimated fair value each reporting period with the change in the fair value recorded in change in fair value of derivative asset in the consolidated statements of operations. See additional information regarding valuation of the Luminant Power Agreement derivative in 
Note 18.

Fair Value Measurements
.
The Company may opportunistically sell electricity in the ERCOT market in exchange for cash payments, rather than utilizing the power to mine for bitcoin at the Odessa Facility to manage the Company’s operating costs. From power sales, the Company earned approximately $
5.4
 million and $
9.9
 million for the years ended December 31, 2024, and 2023, 
F-21
CIPHER MINING INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
respectively, and recorded this amount within costs and operating (expenses) income on the consolidated statement of operations, with the corresponding cost of the power sold recorded in Cost of revenue. See 
Note 1.

Organization
 for information regarding the out-of-period adjustments recorded during the year ended December 31, 2023, which affected cost of power, power sales, net operating loss and net loss on the Company’s consolidated statement of operations.
NOTE 5. 
PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT
Property and equipment, net consisted of the following (in thousands):
December 31, 2024
December 31, 2023
Miners and mining equipment
$
342,111

$
163,523

Leasehold improvements
137,582

138,883

Land
49,021

—

Infrastructure
28,166

—

Other
606

440

Construction-in-progress
82,017

49

Total cost of property and equipment
639,503

302,895

Less: accumulated depreciation
(
158,638
)
(
59,080
)
Property and equipment, net
$
480,865

$
243,815

As of December 31, 2024, the Company has added approximately $
82.0
 million of construction-in-progress related to the build-out of the Black Pearl Facility. 
Depreciation expense was approximately $
101.8
 million and $
59.0
 million, respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and included approximately $
1.9
 million and $
1.7
 million for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, of accretion expense related to the Company’s asset retirement obligation for the Odessa Facility.
In June 2024, the Company entered into agreements with Bitmain Technologies Delaware Limited (“Bitmain”) and Canaan Creative Global Pte. Ltd. (“Canaan”) to purchase the new miners, which were delivered and deployed in the fourth quarter of 2024. As more efficient machines were available earlier than anticipated, this prompted a shift in the Company's planned use of the existing miners. The Company used these new miners to replace less efficient machines at the Odessa Facility instead of deploying at the Black Pearl Facility. The Company deemed this event a trigger to reevaluate the estimated useful lives of the miners, and the Company reduced the estimated useful life of miners from 
five years
 to 
three years
. The Company changed this accounting policy effective June 1, 2024 and accounted for it prospectively. This change in estimate resulted in a $
29.1
 million increase in Depreciation and amortization expense, and respective reduction of Operating (loss) income, and Net (loss) income for the year ended December 31, 2024, respectively, and a $
0.09
 increase in Net loss per share for the year ended December 31, 2024.
As part of the asset acquisition to acquire a site in Colorado City, Texas, (the “Barber Lake Site”) on September 23, 2024, the Company acquired Property and equipment of related to electrical infrastructure of $
19.0
 million with an estimated useful life of 
20
 years, and land of $
49.0
 million, deemed to have an indefinite life. The valuation of the site was not complete prior to the issuance of the third quarter 10-Q, resulting in a $
24
 million increase to land, a $
7.0
 million decrease to infrastructure assets, and a $
17
 million decrease to intangible assets.
NOTE 6. 
DEPOSITS ON EQUIPMENT
In the fourth quarter of 2023, the Company entered into an agreement with Bitmain to purchase 
7.1
 EH/s of miners to be delivered in the first half of 2025 (the “Future Sales and Purchase Agreement”). The Company has a deposit of $
1.1
 million remaining on this order. In addition to amending the agreement on June 5, 2024 (such amendment, the “Supplemental Agreement” to upgrade the miners and accelerate the delivery from the first half of 2025 to the fourth quarter of 2024. The Future Sales and Purchase Agreement also has an option to purchase an additional 
8.7
 EH/s in 2024. The Company paid $
12.2
 million upon signing the agreement in the fourth quarter of 2023 as a deposit, which can be used towards purchases under this option. On July 10, 2024, the Company entered into an agreement to further amend the Future Sales and Purchase agreement (the “Amendment Agreement”). The Amendment Agreement upgraded the miners to be 
F-22
CIPHER MINING INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
purchased under the option, and extended the option expiration from December 31, 2024 to June 30, 2025. The Company paid an additional $
6.5
 million as a deposit in connection with this amendment.
In the second quarter of 2024, the Company entered into an agreement with Canaan to purchase 
1.25
 EH/s of miners to be delivered in the fourth quarter of 2024, all of which have been delivered with no remaining amount to be paid. Additionally, the contract included an option to purchase 
160
 MW of miners which the Company can exercise on or before June 30, 2025. The Company paid a deposit of $
5.3
 million associated with the option.
In the fourth quarter of 2024, the Company made a deposit with American Electric Power Company, Inc. (“AEP”) for $
5.3
 million related to construction costs to energize a wholly-owned site in LaSalle Texas (the “Reveille Facility”), as a Contributions in Aid of Construction (“CIAC”) payment.
NOTE 7. 
INVESTMENT IN EQUITY INVESTEES
The Company uses the equity method of accounting to account for its 
49
% equity interest in its partially owned mining operations Alborz LLC, Bear LLC and Chief Mountain LLC (the “Data Center LLCs”).
During fiscal year 2022, the Company contributed miners and mining equipment to the Data Center LLCs. The contributed miners had a fair value that was lower than the cost paid by the Company to obtain them. As such, the Company recognized a loss at the time of the contributions, resulting in basis differences of the miners between the Company and the Data Center LLCs, which recorded the contributions of equipment from the Company at historical cost. The Company accretes these basis differences over the life of the miners and records the accretion amount for each reporting period within equity in losses of equity investees on its statements of operations. As of December 31, 2024, the Company had remaining basis differences totaling approximately $
10.3
 million that have not yet been accreted.
Activity in the Company’s investments in equity investees during the year ended December 31, 2024, and 2023, consisted of the following (in thousands):
For the Year Ended December 31,
2024
2023
Opening balance
$
35,258

$
37,478

Cost of contributed mining equipment and other capital contributions
37,122

4,435

Accretion of basis differences related to miner contributions
5,344

6,683

Capital distributions
-

(
3,808
)
Bitcoin received from equity investees
(
18,089
)
(
317
)
Equity in net losses of equity investees
(
5,727
)
(
9,213
)
Ending Balance
$
53,908

$
35,258

NOTE 8. 
INTANGIBLE ASSETS
The Company’s intangible assets consisted of the following (in thousands):
December 31, 2024
Gross Carrying Amount
Accumulated Amortization

Net Carrying Amount
Strategic contracts
$
7,000

$
(
379
)
$
6,621

Capitalized software
2,653

(
393
)
2,260

Total
$
9,653

$
(
772
)
$
8,881

F-23
CIPHER MINING INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
December 31, 2023
Gross Carrying Amount
Accumulated Amortization
Net Carrying Amount
Strategic contract
$
7,000

$
(
28
)
$
6,972

Capitalized software
1,230

(
93
)
1,137

Total
$
8,230

$
(
121
)
$
8,109

The Company recorded amortization expense related to intangible assets of $
0.7
 million for the year ended December 31, 2024, and $
0.1
 million for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
The Company expects to record amortization expense as follows over the next five subsequent years:
(in thousands)
Year Ended December 31, 2025
$
746

Year Ended December 31, 2026
746

Year Ended December 31, 2027
746

Year Ended December 31, 2028
649

Year Ended December 31, 2029
$
445

NOTE 9. 
SECURITY DEPOSITS
The Company’s security deposits consisted of the following (in thousands):
December 31, 2024
December 31, 2023
Luminant Power Purchase Agreement collateral
$
—

$
12,554

Vistra Purchase and Sale Agreement collateral
—

3,063

Oncor Facility Extension security deposit related to Black Pearl Facility
6,269

6,269

Oncor Facility Extension security deposit related to Barber Lake Facility
8,297

—

Oncor Facility Extension security deposit related to Stingray Facility
4,244

—

Other deposits
972

1,969

Total security deposits
$
19,782

$
23,855

Under the Luminant Power Agreement, the Company was required to provide Luminant with collateral of approximately $
12.6
 million (the “Independent Collateral Amount”). The Independent Collateral Amount will remain in place throughout the term of the Luminant Power Agreement. Details of the construction of the Interconnection Electrical Facilities, including collateral arrangements that are in addition to the Independent Collateral Amount, are set out in the Purchase and Sale Agreement dated June 28, 2021, with amendment and restatement on July 9, 2021 (as amended and restated, the “Vistra Purchase and Sale Agreement”) with Vistra. Under the Vistra Purchase and Sale Agreement, the Company provided approximately $
3.1
 million as collateral separate from the Independent Collateral Amount, which is also recorded in security deposits as of December 31, 2023. As of December 31, 2024, this collateral balance was moved to a money market account owned by the Company and is classified as restricted cash.
As part of the asset acquisition to acquire the Barber Lake Facility, the Company acquired a deposit with Oncor Electric Delivery Company LLC (“Oncor”) of $
8.3
 million which had previously been paid by the seller. As part of the transaction, the Company must remit the deposit to the seller upon receipt. As such the Company has recorded a corresponding liability in Accrued expenses and other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2024.
As part of the transaction to acquire a wholly-owned site in Texas (the “Stingray Facility”), the Company paid a deposit to Oncor of $
4.2
 million to construct infrastructure to energize the data center to be returned to the Company if the Stingray Facility uses 
100
 MW by May 15, 2027.
F-24
CIPHER MINING INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTE 10. 
SUPPLEMENTAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION
Prepaid expenses and other current assets were $
3.4
 million and $
3.7
 million as of December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, primarily consisting of prepaid insurance as of December 31, 2024, and December 31, 2023.
The Company’s accrued expenses and other current liabilities consisted of the following (in thousands):
December 31, 2024
December 31, 2023
Taxes (primarily sales tax)
$
14,607

$
15,184

Barber Lake Site Deposit Payable
8,297

—

Construction Costs
2,675

—

Employee Compensation
8,246

5,800

Remaining payments for miners in service
30,221

-

Professional fees
4,449

-

Power Costs
—

139

Legal settlement
—

1,000

Other
1,329

316

Total accrued expenses and other current liabilities
$
69,824

$
22,439

NOTE 11. 
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
Related party receivables
The Company recorded related party receivables of approximately $
2.1
 million and $
0.2
 million, as of December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, representing amounts owed to the Company from its equity method investees.
Purchase commitments, deposits on equipment and related party payables
On April 8, 2022, the Company entered into 
two
 agreements with the Bitfury Group, made under, and as a part of, the Master Services and Supply Agreement to purchase equipment related to data center construction. The Company and the Bitfury Group terminated the Master Services and Supply Agreement on February 28, 2024, for no additional consideration.
NOTE 12. 
ASSET RETIREMENT OBLIGATIONS
The following is a summary of the changes in the Company’s AROs (in thousands):
Balance as of December 31, 2022
$
16,682

Accretion expense
1,712

Balance as of December 31, 2023
$
18,394

Accretion expense
1,888

Balance as of December 31, 2024
$
20,282

NOTE 13. 
LEASES
Odessa Facility Lease
The Company entered into a series of agreements with affiliates of Luminant, including the Lease Agreement dated June 29, 2021, with amendment and restatement on July 9, 2021 and August 23, 2023 (as amended and restated, the “Luminant Lease Agreement”). The Luminant Lease Agreement leases a plot of land to the Company for the data center, ancillary infrastructure and electrical system (the “Interconnection Electrical Facilities” or “substation”) of the Odessa Facility. The Company entered into the Luminant Lease Agreement and the Luminant Purchase and Sale Agreement to build the infrastructure necessary to support its Odessa Facility operations. The Company determined that the Luminant Lease Agreement and the Luminant Purchase and Sale Agreement should be combined for accounting purposes under ASC 
F-25
CIPHER MINING INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
842 (collectively, the “Combined Luminant Lease Agreement”) and that amounts exchanged under the combined contract should be allocated to the various components of the overall transaction based on relative fair values. The Combined Luminant Lease Agreement is classified as a finance lease.
The Combined Luminant Lease Agreement commenced on November 22, 2022 and has an initial term of 
five years
, with renewal provisions that are aligned with the Luminant Power Agreement. Financing for use of the land and substation is provided by Luminant affiliates.
At the end of the lease term for the Interconnection Electrical Facilities, the substation will be sold back to Luminant’s affiliate, Vistra Operations Company, LLC at a price to be determined based upon bids obtained in the secondary market.
Black Pearl Facility Lease
The Company and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Cipher Black Pearl LLC (“Black Pearl”), entered into an agreement with Trinity Mining Group, Inc. (“Trinity”) on December 8, 2023 to assume a lease for a 
70
 acre plot of land in Winkler County, Texas, for the purpose of constructing a data center, and ancillary infrastructure to construct the Black Pearl Facility. The initial term of the lease is 
ten years
, and includes 
four years
 consecutive renewal options for 
ten years
 each.
Reveille Facility Lease
The Company and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Cipher Reveille LLC (“Reveille”), entered into an agreement with Trinity Mining Group, Inc. (“Trinity”) on December 8, 2023 to assume a lease for a 
52
 acre plot of land in LaSalle, Texas, for the purpose of constructing a data center, and ancillary infrastructure to construct the Reveille Facility. The initial term of the lease is 
ten years
, and includes 
two
 consecutive renewal options for 
ten years
 each.
Office leases
The Company leases office space for its headquarters in New York, New York, and office space in Charleston, South Carolina, and Denver, Colorado.
All of the Company's office leases are classified as operating leases.
Additional lease information
Components of the Company’s lease expenses are as follows (in thousands):
Year Ended December 31,
2024
2023
Finance leases:
Amortization of ROU assets 
(1)
$
3,043

$
3,110

Interest on lease liability
1,430

1,940

Total finance lease expense
4,473

5,050

Operating leases:
Operating lease expense
2,167

1,955

Total operating lease expense
2,167

1,955

Total lease expense
$
6,640

$
7,005

(1)
Amortization of finance lease ROU asset is included within depreciation expense.
The Company did 
no
t incur any variable lease costs during any of the periods presented.
F-26
CIPHER MINING INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Other information related to the Company’s leases is shown below (dollar amounts in thousands):

Year Ended December 31,

2024
2023
Operating cash flows - operating lease
$
2,138

$
1,655

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for finance lease liabilities
$
—

$
14,212

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities
$
6,733

$
2,812

December 31, 2024
December 31, 2023
Weighted-average remaining lease term – finance lease (in years)
2.7
3.7
Weighted-average remaining lease term – operating lease (in years)
8.0
5.8
Weighted-average discount rate – finance lease
11.0

%
11.0

%
Weighted-average discount rate – operating lease
8.0

%
10.0

%
Finance lease ROU assets
(1)
$
8,117

$
11,160

(1)
As of December 31, 2024, the Company recorded accumulated amortization of $
4.3
 million for the finance lease ROU asset. Finance lease ROU assets are recorded within property and equipment, net on the Company’s consolidated balance sheets.
As of December 31, 2024, future minimum lease payments during the next five years are as follows (in thousands):

Finance Lease

Operating Lease

Total

Year Ended December 31, 2025
$
4,834

$
4,112

$
8,946

Year Ended December 31, 2026
4,834

2,293

7,127

Year Ended December 31, 2027
3,223

2,304

5,527

Year Ended December 31, 2028
—

2,284

2,284

Year Ended December 31, 2029
-

1,111

1,111

Thereafter
-

6,668

6,668

Total lease payments
12,891

18,772

31,663

Less present value discount
(
1,762
)
(
5,812
)
(
7,574
)
Total
$
11,129

$
12,960

$
24,089

NOTE 14. 
COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 
Commitments
In the normal course of business, the Company enters into contracts that contain a variety of indemnifications with its employees, licensors, suppliers and service providers. The Company’s maximum exposure under these arrangements, if any, is unknown as of December 31, 2024.
Contingencies
The Company, and its subsidiaries, are subject at times to various claims, lawsuits and governmental proceedings relating to the Company’s business and transactions arising in the ordinary course of business. The Company cannot predict the final outcome of such proceedings. Where appropriate, the Company vigorously defends such claims, lawsuits and proceedings. Some of these claims, lawsuits and proceedings seek damages, including consequential, exemplary or punitive damages, in amounts that could, if awarded, be significant. Certain of the claims, lawsuits and proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business are covered by the Company’s insurance program. The Company maintains property and various types of liability insurance in an effort to protect the Company from such claims. In terms of any matters where there is no insurance coverage available to the Company, or where coverage is available and the Company maintains a retention or deductible associated with such insurance, the Company may establish an accrual for such loss, retention or deductible based on current available information. In accordance with accounting guidance, if it is probable that an asset has been impaired or a liability has been incurred as of the date of the financial statements, and the amount of loss is reasonably estimable, then an accrual for the cost to resolve or settle these claims is recorded by the Company in the 
F-27
CIPHER MINING INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
accompanying consolidated balance sheets. If it is reasonably possible that an asset may be impaired as of the date of the financial statements, then the Company discloses the range of possible loss. Expenses related to the defense of such claims are recorded by the Company as incurred and included in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. Management, with the assistance of outside counsel, may from time to time adjust such accruals according to new developments in the matter, court rulings, or changes in the strategy affecting the Company’s defense of such matters. On the basis of current information, the Company does not believe there is a reasonable possibility that a material loss, if any, will result from any claims, lawsuits and proceedings to which the Company is subject to either individually, or in the aggregate.
Litigation
The Company is not a party to any material legal proceedings and is not aware of any pending or threatened claims. From time to time, the Company may be subject to various legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of its business activities.
NOTE 15. 
STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY
As of December 31, 2024, 
510,000,000
 shares with a par value of $
0.001
 per share are authorized, of which, 
500,000,000
 shares are designated as Common Stock and 
10,000,000
 shares are designated as preferred stock (“Preferred Stock”).
Common Stock
Holders of each share of Common Stock are entitled to dividends when, as and if declared by the Board. As of the issuance of these consolidated financial statements, the Company had not declared any dividends. The holder of each share of Common Stock is entitled to 
one
 vote. The voting, dividend, liquidation and other rights and powers of the Common Stock are subject to and qualified by the rights, powers and preferences of any outstanding series of Preferred Stock, for which there currently are 
none
 outstanding.
During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company issued 
11,934,578
 shares of Common Stock to officers, employees and consultants in settlement of an equal number of fully vested RSUs awarded to these individuals, and 
395,577
 shares of Common Stock to non-employee directors, pursuant to grants made under the Cipher Mining Inc. 2021 Incentive Award Plan (the “Incentive Award Plan”). The Company immediately repurchased 
5,329,958
 of these shares of Common Stock from officers and employees, with a fair value of approximately $
27.6
 million, to cover taxes related to the settlement of vested RSUs, as permitted by the Incentive Award Plan. The Company placed the repurchased shares in treasury stock.
At-the-Market Sales Agreement
On September 21, 2022, the Company filed with the SEC a shelf registration statement on Form S-3, which was declared effective on October 6, 2022 (the “Registration Statement”). In connection with the filing of the Registration Statement, the Company also entered into an at-the-market offering agreement (the “Prior Sales Agreement”) with H.C. Wainwright & Co., LLC (the “Prior Agent”), under which the Company may, from time to time, sell shares of its Common Stock having an aggregate offering price of up to $
250.0
 million in “at-the-market” offerings through the Prior Agent. Effective August 1, 2023, the Company terminated the Prior Sales Agreement. 
On August 3, 2023, the Company entered into a Controlled Equity Offering
SM
 Sales Agreement (the “Sales Agreement”) with Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Canaccord Genuity LLC, Needham & Company, LLC and Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC (each, an “Original Agent” and, together, the “Original Agents”), pursuant to which the Company may offer and sell, from time to time through or to the Agents, shares of its Common Stock, for aggregate gross proceeds of up to $
250.0
 million. The offering and sale of up to $
250.0
 million of the shares has been registered under the Registration Statement, the base prospectus contained within the Registration Statement, and a prospectus supplement that was filed with the SEC on August 4, 2023 (the “Prospectus Supplement”).
On March 6, 2024, the Company entered into an amendment (the “Amendment”) to the Sales Agreement (as amended, the “Amended Sales Agreement”) by and among the Original Agents, Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated (“Stifel”) and Virtu Americas LLC (“Virtu”). The Amendment modifies the Sales Agreement to include Stifel and Virtu as additional agents under the Amended Sales Agreement.  On March 6, 2024, the Company also filed an amendment to the Prospectus Supplement (i) increasing the dollar amount of shares available to be sold pursuant to the Amended Sales Agreement, to 
F-28
CIPHER MINING INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
$
296,560,661
, which consists of $
96,560,661
 remaining as originally authorized under the Prospectus Supplement and an additional $
200,000,000
, and (ii) including Stifel and Virtu as additional agents. 
On September 3, 2024, the Company amended and restated the Amended Sales Agreement (as amended and restated, the “Amended and Restated Sales Agreement”) with the Original Agents, Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. (“KBW”), Virtu and BTIG, LLC (“BTIG”) (each, an “Agent” and, together, the “Agents”). The Amended and Restated Sales Agreement modified the Amended Sales Agreement  to, among other things, include BTIG as an additional Agent under the Amended and Restated Sales Agreement and to replace Stifel with KBW as an Agent under the Amended and Restated Sales Agreement.
Pursuant to the Amended and Restated Sales Agreement, the Company may offer and sell, from time to time through or to the Agents, shares of the Company’s Common Stock, for aggregate gross proceeds of up to $
725.7
 million (the “Shares”), which consists of (i) up to $
125.7
 million remaining as authorized under the Company’s Registration Statement, the base prospectus contained within the Registration Statement, and the Prospectus Supplement, as amended on September 3, 2024 and (ii) up to $
600.0
 million of Shares, which can be issued and sold pursuant to the Company’s shelf registration statement on Form S-3ASR, filed with the SEC on September 3, 2024, which became immediately effective upon filing, and a prospectus supplement dated September 3, 2024, filed by the Company with the SEC.
Pursuant to the Amended and Restated Sales Agreement, the Agent selected by the Company (such Agent, the “Designated Agent”) may sell the Shares in sales deemed to be “at-the-market offerings” as defined in Rule 415(a)(4) promulgated under the Securities Act. The Company has no obligation to sell any of the Shares under the Amended and Restated Sales Agreement and may at any time suspend or terminate the offering of the Shares pursuant to the Amended and Restated Sales Agreement upon notice and subject to other conditions. The Agents will act as sales agents and will use commercially reasonable efforts to sell on the Company’s behalf all of the Shares requested to be sold by it, on mutually agreed terms between the Agents and the Company. Under the terms of the Amended and Restated Sales Agreement, the Company agreed to pay the Designated Agent a commission up to 
3.0
% of the aggregate gross proceeds from any Shares sold through such Designated Agent pursuant to the Amended and Restated Sales Agreement. In addition, the Company agreed to reimburse certain expenses incurred by the Agents in connection with the Amended and Restated Sales Agreement. During the year ended December 31, 2024, in connection with the Amended and Restated Sales Agreement, the Company received proceeds of $
221,694,665
, net of issuance costs, from the sale of 
52,825,758
 shares of common stock, with an average net selling price of $
4.20
 per share.
NOTE 16. 
WARRANTS
Upon consummation of the business combination, the Company assumed Common Stock warrants that were originally issued in GWAC’s initial public offering (the “Public Warrants”), as well as warrants that were issued in a private placement that closed concurrently with GWAC’s initial public offering (the “Private Placement Warrants”). The Public and Private Placement Warrants entitle the holder to purchase 
one
 share of Common Stock at an exercise price of $
11.50
 per share, subject to adjustment. There were 
8,499,980
 Public Warrants and 
114,000
 Private Placement Warrants outstanding as of December 31, 2023, and 
8,613,980
 Public Warrants and 
no
 Private Placement Warrants outstanding as of December 31, 2024. The exercise price and number of shares of Common Stock issuable on exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a stock dividend, extraordinary dividend or the Company’s recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of shares of Common Stock at a price below their respective exercise prices. Additionally, in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the warrants.
NOTE 17. 
SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION
The Cipher Mining Inc. 2021 Incentive Award Plan (the “Incentive Award Plan”) provides for the grant of stock options, including incentive stock options and nonqualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, RSUs and other stock or cash-based awards to employees, consultants and directors. Upon vesting of an award, the Company may either issue new shares or reissue treasury shares.
Initially, up to 
19,869,312
 shares of Common Stock were available for issuance under awards granted pursuant to the Incentive Award Plan. In addition, the number of shares of Common Stock available for issuance under the Incentive Award Plan is increased on January 1 of each calendar year beginning in 2022 and ending in 2031 by an amount equal to the lesser of (a) three percent (
3
%) of the total number of shares of Common Stock outstanding on the final day of the immediately preceding calendar year and (b) such smaller number of shares determined by the Board. On January 1, 2024, 
F-29
CIPHER MINING INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
this resulted in an increase of 
8,728,736
 shares of Common Stock available for issuance under the Incentive Award Plan. As of December 31, 2024, 
8,646,554
 shares of Common Stock were available for issuance under the Incentive Award Plan.
The Company recognized total share-based compensation in Compensation and benefits on the consolidated statements of operations for the following categories of awards as follows (in thousands):
Year Ended December 31,
2024
2023
Service-based RSUs
$
35,440

$
24,936

Performance-based RSUs
5,167

12,630

Common stock, fully-vested
1,526

904

Total share-based compensation expense
$
42,133

$
38,470

Service-Based RSUs
A summary of the Company's unvested Service-Based RSU activity for the year ended December 31, 2024 is shown below:
Number of Shares

Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value
Unvested at December 31, 2023
17,047,242
$
3.23

Granted
10,850,313
$
3.19

Forfeited
(
40,757
)
$
2.69

Vested
(
11,934,578
)
$
3.97

Unvested at December 31, 2024
15,922,220
$
2.65

As of December 31, 2024, there was approximately $
21.1
 million of unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested Service-Based RSUs, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average vesting period of approximately 
1.2
 years.
If not fully vested upon grant, Service-based RSUs awarded generally vest over a period ranging from 
three
 to 
four years
 in equal installments on the award’s anniversary of the vesting commencement date, as determined by the Board, and which may precede the grant date. Vesting is subject to the award recipient’s continuous service on the applicable vesting date; provided, that if the award recipient’s employment is terminated by the Company without “cause”, by award recipient for “good reason” (if applicable, as such term or similar term may be defined in any employment, consulting or similar service agreement between award recipient and the Company) or due to award recipient’s death or permanent disability, all unvested Service-based RSUs will vest in full (unless otherwise specified in the agreement between the award recipient and the Company). In addition, in the event of a change in control, any unvested Service-based RSUs will vest subject to the award recipient’s continuous service to the Company through such change in control. In addition, if the Company achieves a $
10
 billion market capitalization milestone (described further below) and the Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) remains in continuous service through such achievement, any then-unvested Service-based RSUs awarded to the CEO will also vest.
Performance-Based RSUs
There was no new activity for unvested Performance-Based RSUs during the year ended December 31, 2024. There were 
4,257,710
 unvested Performance-Based RSUs at a weighted average grant date fair value of $
7.76
 as of both December 31, 2024 and 2023. There was 
no
 unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested Performance-Based RSUs at December 31, 2024.
One-third of the outstanding Performance-Based RSUs will vest upon the Company achieving a market capitalization equal to or exceeding $
5
 billion, $
7.5
 billion and $
10
 billion, in each case over a 
30
-day lookback period and subject to the CEO’s continuous service through the end of the applicable 
30
-day period. In the event of a change in control and CEO’s continuous service through such change in control, the per share price (plus the per share value of any other consideration) received by the Company’s stockholders in such change in control will be used to determine whether any of the market capitalization milestones are achieved (without regard to the 
30
-day lookback period). Any Performance-Based RSUs that 
F-30
CIPHER MINING INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
do not vest prior to the CEO’s termination of service or, if earlier, in connection with a change in control will be forfeited for no consideration
NOTE 18. 
FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS
Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value are classified and disclosed in one of the following categories based on the inputs used to derive the fair value:
Level 1 — Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date for identical, unrestricted assets or liabilities;
Level 2 — Quoted prices in markets that are not active and financial instruments for which all significant inputs are observable, either directly or indirectly; or 
Level 3 — Prices or valuations that require inputs that are both significant to the fair value measurement and unobservable
The Company’s financial assets and liabilities subject to fair value measurement on a recurring basis and the level of inputs used for such measurements were as follows as of the dates indicated (in thousands):
Fair Value Measured as of December 31, 2024
Level 1
Level 2
Level 3
Total
Assets included in:
Cash and cash equivalents
Money market securities
$
4,314

$
-

$
-

$
4,314

Restricted cash
Money market securities
14,392

$
-

$
-

14,392

Bitcoin
92,651

$
-

$
-

92,651

Receivable for bitcoin collateral
-

32,248

-

32,248

Accounts receivable
596

-

-

596

Derivative asset
-

-

85,670

85,670

$
111,953

$
32,248

$
85,670

$
229,871

Liabilities included in:
Short-term borrowings
Bitcoin loan payable
$
7,330

$
-

$
-

$
7,330

$
7,330

$
-

$
-

$
7,330

Fair Value Measured as of December 31, 2023
Level 1
Level 2
Level 3
Total
Assets included in:

Cash and cash equivalents

Money market securities
$
65,945

$
-

$
-

$
65,945

Bitcoin
32,978

$
-

-

32,978

Accounts receivable
622

-

-

622

Derivative asset
-

-

93,591

93,591

$
99,545

$
-

$
93,591

$
193,136

Liabilities included in:

Warrant liability
$
-

$
-

$
250

$
250

$
-

$
-

$
250

$
250

F-31
CIPHER MINING INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The carrying values reported in the Company’s consolidated balance sheets for cash (excluding cash equivalents which are recorded at fair value on a recurring basis), accounts payable and accrued expenses and other current liabilities are reasonable estimates of their fair values due to the short-term nature of these items.
There were no transfers of financial instruments between Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3 during the years ended December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023.
Level 3 asset
The Company’s derivative asset, related to the Luminant Power Agreement, is divided between current and noncurrent assets, and was initially recorded on its consolidated balance sheets on the derivative asset’s effective date of July 1, 2022, with an offsetting amount recorded to change in fair value of derivative asset in costs and operating expenses on the consolidated statements of operations. Subsequent changes in fair value are also recorded to change in fair value of derivative asset. The Luminant Power Agreement was not designated as a hedging instrument. The estimated fair value of the Company’s derivative asset was derived from Level 2 and Level 3 inputs (i.e., unobservable inputs) due to a lack of quoted prices for similar type assets and as such, is classified in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. Specifically, the discounted cash flow estimation models contain quoted spot and forward prices for electricity, as well as estimated usage rates consistent with the terms of the Luminant Power Agreement, the initial term of which is 
five years
, and a remaining term of approximately 
2.6
 years. The valuations performed by the third-party valuation firm engaged by the Company utilized pre-tax discount rates of 
5.96
% and 
6.11
% as of December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and include observable market inputs, but also include unobservable inputs based on qualitative judgment related to company-specific risk factors. Unrealized gains associated with the derivative asset within the Level 3 category include changes in fair value that were attributable to amendments to the Luminant Power Agreement, changes to the quoted forward electricity rates, as well as unobservable inputs (e.g., changes in estimated usage rates and discount rate assumptions). 
The following table presents the changes in the estimated fair value of the derivative asset measured using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) for the year ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 (amounts in thousands):
Year Ended December 31,
2024
2023
Opening balance
$
93,591

$
66,702

Change in fair value
(
7,921
)
26,889

Ending balance
$
85,670

$
93,591

Level 3 liability
The Company’s Private Placement Warrants (as defined in 
Note 15. Warrants
) were its only liability classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy because the fair value is based on significant inputs that are unobservable in the market. The valuation of the Private Placement Warrants used assumptions and estimates the Company believes would be made by a market participant in making the same valuation. As of March 31, 2024, all Private Placement Warrants were converted to Public Warrants, and as such no Private Placement Warrants were outstanding as of December 31, 2024.
The Company engaged a valuation firm to determine the fair value of the Private Placement Warrants using a Black-Scholes option-pricing model and the quoted price of Common Stock. 
The following table presents significant assumptions utilized in the valuations of the Private Placement Warrants as of the dates indicated: 
December 31, 2023
Risk-free rate
4.00
%
Dividend yield rate
0.00
%
Volatility
124.0
%
Contractual term (in years)
2.7
Exercise price
$
11.50
F-32
CIPHER MINING INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The following table presents changes in the estimated fair value of the Private Placement Warrants (amounts in thousands):
Balance as of December 31, 2023
$
250

Change in fair value
(
250
)
Balance as of December 31, 2024
$
—

Balance as of December 31, 2022
$
7

Change in fair value
243

Balance as of December 31, 2023
$
250

NOTE 19. 
SHORT-TERM BORROWINGS
Coinbase Master Loan Agreement
The Company has the Coinbase Master Loan Agreement, under which the Company established the Coinbase Overnight Credit Facility of $
25.0
 million. The Company will not incur commitment fees for unused portions of the Coinbase Overnight Credit Facility. The borrowing rate on amounts drawn against the Credit Facility is determined based on the Federal Funds Target Rate - Upper Bound, plus 
2.5
%, calculated daily based on a 365-day year and payable monthly for the duration of the loan, and market demand. Borrowings under the Coinbase Overnight Credit Facility are available on demand, open term, and collateralized by bitcoin transferred to the Lending Service Provider’s platform. Since the Lender has the right to rehypothecate the bitcoin held as collateral, the Company derecognized the bitcoin transferred. The Company has the right to receive the bitcoin back from the Lender upon repayment of the Coinbase Overnight Credit Facility, and as such recognized a receivable for bitcoin collateral measured at fair value of the bitcoin to be received upon repayment. The Company may also withdraw bitcoin if the loan becomes over-collateralized due to increases in bitcoin price.
Under the Coinbase Master Loan Agreement, the Company also established the “Term Loan Facility” with a limit of $
35.0
 million and maximum period of 
one year
, with an interest rate to be determined upon drawdown. Coinbase has the right to terminate loans under the Term Loan Facility if the price of bitcoin falls below $
40,000
. 
As of December 31, 2024, the Company had $
25.0
 million outstanding on the Coinbase Overnight Credit Facility, at a weighted average interest rate of 
9.5
%. The Company had 
no
 balance outstanding on the Coinbase Overnight Credit Facility as of December 31, 2023. The Company had 
no
 balance outstanding on the Term Loan Facility as of December 31, 2024 or 2023.
Luxor Purchase and Sale Agreement
On December 13, 2024, the Company entered into an agreement with Luxor Technology Corporation (“Luxor”) to borrow 
98.57
 bitcoin to be repaid over 
95
 days at a rate of roughly 
1.06
 bitcoin per day for a total repayment of approximately 
100.38
 bitcoin. The Company records the outstanding balance at fair value in Short-term borrowings based on the current bitcoin price, with changes in fair value recorded in Other income. As of December 31, 2024, the Company owed approximately 
80.30
 bitcoin valued at $
7.3
 million related to this agreement.
NOTE 20. 
SEGMENT REPORTING
The Company has 
one
 operating segment, Bitcoin Mining, which through operations produce bitcoin to generate revenue. The Chief Operating Decision Maker (“CODM”) for the Company consists of the CEO and chief financial officer (“CFO”). The CODM reviews the performance of its segment primarily based on operating income when deciding on allocating resources between reinvesting in Bitcoin Mining or exploring alternative deployment of resources. Asset information is not regularly provided to the CODM for resource allocation as a large portion of assets are property and equipment that cannot be repurposed for other revenue streams.
The Company’s revenues, significant expenses, operating income, and net income by segment for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 is summarized in the following table (in thousands):
F-33
CIPHER MINING INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Year Ended December 31, 2024
Bitcoin Mining
Consolidated
Revenue - bitcoin mining
$
151,270

$
151,270

Costs and operating (expenses) income
Cost of revenue
(
62,364
)
Depreciation and amortization
(
102,448
)
Change in fair value of derivative asset
(
7,921
)
Unrealized gains on fair value of bitcoin
11,313

Realized gains on sale of bitcoin
51,548

Equity in losses of equity method investees
(
384
)
Other segment items
(1)
8,738

Segment operating income
49,752

49,752

Adjustments
(2)
(
93,451
)
Operating loss
(
43,699
)
Interest income
3,384

Interest expense
(
1,708
)
Other non-operating items
(3)
(
2,294
)
Loss before taxes
$
(
44,317
)
Year Ended December 31, 2023
Bitcoin Mining
Consolidated
Revenue - bitcoin mining
$
126,842

$
126,842

Costs and operating (expenses) income
Cost of revenue
(
50,309
)
Depreciation and amortization
(
59,093
)
Change in fair value of derivative asset
26,836

Unrealized gains on fair value of bitcoin
3,299

Realized gains on sale of bitcoin
7,739

Equity in losses of equity method investees
(
2,530
)
Other segment items
(1)
12,296

Segment operating income
65,080

65,080

Adjustments
(2)
(
85,195
)
Operating loss
(
20,115
)
Interest income
164

Interest expense
(
1,999
)
Other non-operating items
(3)
(
260
)
Loss before taxes
$
(
22,210
)
(1) Other segment items included in Bitcoin Mining include Power sales, and Other gains.
(2) Other operating items included in adjustments include Compensation and benefits, and General and administrative.
(3) Other non-operating items include Change in fair value of warrant liability, and Other expense.
NOTE 21. 
INCOME TAXES
For the years ended December 31, 2024, and 2023, the Company recorded a deferred tax expense related to an increase in deferred tax liabilities associated with derivatives and joint venture instruments (refer to 
Note 7. Investment In Equity 
F-34
CIPHER MINING INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Investees
 for more details on the Company’s joint ventures). Current income taxes are based upon the current period’s income taxable for federal and state tax reporting purposes. Deferred income taxes (benefits) are provided for certain income and expenses, which are recognized in different periods for tax and financial reporting purposes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are computed for differences between the financial statements and tax bases of assets and liabilities that will result in taxable or deductible amounts in the future based on enacted tax laws and rates applicable to the period in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income, and net operating loss (“NOL”) carryforwards.
The components of the Company’s income tax provision are listed below (in thousands):
Year Ended
Year Ended
December 31, 2024
December 31, 2023
Current:

State
$
1,255

$
201

Total current
1,255

201

Deferred:

Federal
$
(
937
)
$
3,366

Total deferred
(
937
)
3,366

Income tax provision
$
318

$
3,567

A reconciliation of the expected tax computed at the U.S. statutory federal income tax rate to the total expense for income taxes is shown below:
Year Ended 
Year Ended 
December 31, 2024
December 31, 2023
Income tax benefit at federal statutory rate
21.0

%
21.0

%
State taxes, net of federal benefit
(
2.3
)
%
(
0.7
)
%
162m limitations
(
20.3
)
%
(
5.3
)
%
Stock compensation
9.7

%
(
30.3
)
%
Permanent differences
(
0.1
)
%
(
0.5
)
%
Difference and changes in tax rates
0.0

%
0.0

%
RTP and other
2.5

%
(
16.2
)
%
Change in valuation allowance
(
11.2
)
%
16.1

%
Income tax provision
(
0.7
)
%
(
15.9
)
%
F-35
CIPHER MINING INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Significant components of the Company’s deferred tax assets and liabilities were as follows:
December 31, 2024
December 31, 2023
Deferred tax assets:
Net operating loss carryforwards
$
25,521

$
27,075

Share-based compensation
2,117

2,109

Accruals and other temporary differences
3,517

2,317

Intangible assets
3,432

3,762

Lease liability
5,113

4,622

Property and equipment, net
5,440

—

Non-deductible interest
59

-

Gross deferred tax assets
45,199

39,885

Valuation allowance
(
13,461
)
(
8,520
)
Net deferred tax assets
31,738

31,365

Deferred tax liabilities:
Right-of-use asset
(
5,305
)
(
3,835
)
Derivatives
(
18,316
)
(
19,669
)
Joint venture investments
(
9,430
)
(
11,268
)
Bitcoin holdings
(
2,956
)
(
434
)
Property and equipment, net
—

(
1,365
)
Gross deferred tax liabilities
(
36,007
)
(
36,571
)
Net deferred tax liabilities
$
(
4,269
)
$
(
5,206
)
As required by ASC 740, management of the Company has evaluated the evidence bearing upon the realizability of its deferred tax assets. Based on the weight of available evidence, both positive and negative, management has determined that it is more likely than not that the Company will not realize the benefits of these assets. Accordingly, the Company recorded a valuation allowance of $
13.5
 million as of December 31, 2024. The valuation allowance increased by $
4.9
 million during the year ended December 31, 2024, primarily as a result of the increased tax basis over book basis in property and equipment and the net operating losses generated in the current year.
As of December 31, 2024, the Company had federal, and state and local NOL carryforwards of approximately $
116.7
 million and $
19.7
 million, respectively. The federal NOL carryforwards do not expire, but the state and local NOL carryforwards expire if not utilized prior to 2043.
Utilization of the U.S. federal and state NOL carryforwards may be subject to a substantial annual limitation under Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and corresponding provisions of state law, due to ownership changes that have occurred previously or that could occur in the future. These ownership changes may limit the amount of NOL carryforwards that can be utilized annually to offset future taxable income and tax liabilities, respectively. The Company has not completed a study to assess whether a change of ownership has occurred, or whether there have been multiple ownership changes since its formation, due to the significant cost and complexity associated with such a study. Any limitation may result in expiration of a portion of the NOL carryforwards before utilization. Further, until a study is completed by the Company and any limitation is known, no amounts are being presented as an uncertain tax position.
At December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company did not have any significant uncertain tax positions. The Company will recognize interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense. The Company had no accrued interest or penalties related to uncertain tax positions in either period. The Company does not anticipate a material change to unrecognized tax benefits in the next year.
F-36
CIPHER MINING INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTE 22. 
SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
The Company has evaluated subsequent events for adjustment to or disclosure in its consolidated financial statements through the date of this report. No subsequent events have been identified other than those disclosed in these consolidated financial statements except for the following:
On January 30, 2025, the Company entered into a subscription agreement with Star Beacon LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of SoftBank Group Corp. (“SoftBank”), pursuant to which, among other things, SoftBank agreed to subscribe for and purchase from the Company, and the Company agreed to issue and sell to SoftBank, an aggregate of approximately 
10,438,413
 newly issued shares of the Company’s common stock, par value $
0.001
, at a per share purchase price of $
4.79
 for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $
50
 million. As part of this transaction, the Company agreed with SoftBank that prior to February 28, 2025, the Company would not enter into binding definitive documentation with respect to the sale, transfer, divestiture or encumbrance of the Company’s Barber Lake property with any person other than SoftBank and its affiliates.
On January 31, 2025, the Company executed its option as part of the Amendment Agreement, further described in 
Note 6. Deposits on equipment
, with Bitmain to obtain Antminer S21 XP miners for delivery between May and June 2025. The Company intends to use these machines at the Black Pearl Facility. As of February 25, 2025, the Company owes  $
139
 million remaining for these machine purchases.
F-37