Item 1. Business, Other Executive Management
.

Our Vice President, Global CISO, who also serves as Vice 

Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
43 

President and Head of the Office of Cyber Security, has over 30 years of experience leading global cybersecurity 
and technology programs in large and complex corporations, and holds a Certified

Information Systems Security 
Professional and a Certified Information Systems Auditor certification.

He also received a BS, Information 
Technology and Security from Baker College.

The cybersecurity risk mitigation strategy is also overseen by

senior 
managers who are members of our Executive Steering Committee, comprised

of the Company’s most senior 
technology, legal and internal auditing officers.

Our CEO is regularly briefed on issues, incidents, and 
developments, and our Board oversees our risk mitigation strategy principally

through its Audit Committee and 
Regulatory, Compliance and Cybersecurity Committee, as described in more detail below.

Our cybersecurity risk management program includes, among other

elements: 
•
risk assessments designed to help identify material cybersecurity risks

to our information systems;

•
a security team principally responsible for managing our (i) cybersecurity

risk assessment processes, and 
(ii) defining cybersecurity control standards; 
•
the use of expert external service providers to assess, test or otherwise assist

with aspects of our 
cybersecurity controls, and to respond to specific cybersecurity threats;

•
the review and assessment of past cybersecurity incidents with a view to

learning from those events to 
further strengthen our cyber risk mitigation strategy;

•
a written cybersecurity incident response plan that includes procedures

for responding to cybersecurity 
incidents; and 
•
a Global Information Security Policy, together with more detailed information security policies, 
procedures, standards, and guidelines.

In addition, all employees with systems access are required to participate

in mandatory annual cybersecurity and 
anti-phishing courses, along with compliance programs.

Our employees who perform financial gatekeeper roles 
also receive additional mandatory annual data security training specific

to spoofing, phishing and similar data 
security threats.

Per written Company policies, employees are also required

to safeguard confidential information.

Our cybersecurity risk strategy is integrated into our overall enterprise

risk management program, and our 
cybersecurity team is supported by and connected with the enterprise risk

management team.

Prior Cyber Incidents

In addition to immaterial and unrelated prior incidents at certain of

our subsidiaries, in October 2023 Henry Schein 
experienced a cyber incident that primarily affected the operations of our North American

and European dental and 
medical distribution businesses.

Henry Schein One, our practice management software, revenue cycle

management 
and patient relationship management solutions business was not affected, and

our manufacturing businesses were 
mostly unaffected.

The October 2023 cyber incident disrupted key business operations,

adversely impacted our 
financial results for the fourth quarter and full year 2023, diverted

attention of management, and caused the 
Company to incur significant remediation costs.

The incident had residual impact on our financial results in 2024.

Cybersecurity Governance

Our Board has a Regulatory, Compliance and Cybersecurity Committee that focuses on cybersecurity oversight, 
together with other board committees, principally the Audit Committee.

The purpose of the Regulatory, 
Compliance and Cybersecurity Committee is to assist the Board by providing

guidance to, and oversight of, the 
Company’s senior management responsible for assessing and managing Company-wide regulatory, corporate 
compliance and cybersecurity risk management programs.

The primary responsibilities of the Regulatory, 
Compliance and Cybersecurity Committee are to (i) discuss cybersecurity

strategic decisions, issues, challenges and 
opportunities relating thereto, (ii) provide expertise to guide assessment

and monitoring of Company-wide 
regulatory, corporate compliance and cybersecurity risk management budgeting, spending and capital investment, 
(iii) monitor progress and status of the Company’s regulatory, corporate compliance and cybersecurity risk 
management programs, (iv) review and evaluate major regulatory, corporate compliance and cybersecurity risk 
management initiatives to identify emerging and future opportunities for synergy or to

leverage regulatory, 
corporate compliance and cybersecurity risk management investments

more effectively and cost efficiently, 

Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
44 

(v) report to the Audit Committee on regulatory, corporate compliance and cybersecurity risk management matters 
reviewed by the Regulatory, Compliance and Cybersecurity Committee that may impact the Company’s financial 
reporting and (vi) be generally available to, and communicate with,

the Company’s senior management, and to 
inform the Board in the areas described above.
Our CISO and CTO, along with other key executives who are part of our Executive

Steering Committee, review 
strategy, policy,

program effectiveness, standards, enforcement and cybersecurity issue management

with the 
Board’s Regulatory,

Compliance and Cybersecurity Committee on at least a quarterly basis and

with the Audit 
Committee on at least a bi-annual basis.

Our CTO 
meets

with Board members outside of the formal meetings on a 
regular basis as well as in connection with specific cybersecurity issues or

threats.