ITEM 1A. Risk Factors 
Our business operations could be affected by factors that are not presently known

to us or that we currently 
consider not to be material to our operations, so you should not consider

the risks disclosed in this section to 
necessarily represent a complete statement of all risks and uncertainties.

The Company believes that the following 
risks could have a material adverse impact on our business, reputation, operating

results, financial condition and/or 
the trading price of our common stock.

The order in which these factors appear does not necessarily reflect

their 
relative importance or priority.

COMPANY RISKS 
We are dependent upon third parties for the manufacture and supply of a significant volume of our products and 
where we manufacture products, we are dependent upon third parties

for raw materials and purchased 
components. 
We obtain a significant volume of the products we distribute from third parties, with whom we generally do not 
have long-term contracts.

While there is typically more than one source of supply, some key suppliers, in the 
aggregate, supply a significant portion of the products we sell.

In 2024, our top 10 Global Distribution and Value-
Added Services suppliers and our single largest supplier accounted for approximately

25% and 4%, respectively, of 
our aggregate purchases.

Additionally, where we are the manufacturer of certain dental specialty products we sell 
in the areas of oral surgery, implants, orthodontics and endodontics, we are dependent upon third parties for raw 
materials and purchased components.

Because of our dependence upon such suppliers, our operations

are subject 
to the suppliers’ ability and willingness to supply products in the quantities

that we require, and the risks include 
delays caused by interruption in production based on conditions outside

of our control, including a supplier’s failure 
to comply with applicable government requirements (which may

result in product recalls and/or cessation of sales) 
or an interruption in the suppliers’ manufacturing capabilities.

In the event of any such interruption in supply, we 
would need to timely identify and obtain acceptable replacement sources.

There is no guarantee that we would be 
able to obtain such alternative sources of supply on a timely basis,

if at all, and an extended interruption in supply, 
particularly of a high-sales volume and/or high-margin product, could result in a

significant disruption in our sales 
and operations, as well as damage to our relationships with customers

and our reputation.

In recent periods, we 
have experienced increased costs and shortages of purchased components,

which has had a negative impact on our 
profit margins and on our sales for certain product categories, due to our inability

to fully satisfy demand.

We may be unsuccessful in achieving our strategic growth objectives. 
Our 2022 – 2024 BOLD+1 Strategic Plan is defined under “Business, Business

Strategy” above.

We expect to 
continue to execute the BOLD+1 strategic priorities with the next evolution

of our strategic plan.

In particular, we 
are focused on continuing to grow our Henry Schein specialty brands

and technology and value-added services 
solutions both organically and inorganically, and to drive greater efficiencies.

If we are unable to effectively 
implement our strategic plan, we may not achieve our desired return on our

investments through our growth 
strategies.

Our business could be affected by the recently signed Strategic Partnership Agreement. 
On January 29, 2025, we announced a strategic investment by

funds affiliated with KKR & Co. Inc. (“KKR”), a 
leading global investment firm, and a Strategic Partnership Agreement (the “Partnership

Agreement”) with 
KKR.

In addition to KKR’s current holdings, KKR will make an additional $250 million investment in the 
Company’s common stock.

As a result, KKR will become the largest non-index fund stockholder of the Company 
with a 12% position.

KKR will also have the ability to purchase additional shares

via open market purchases up to 
a total equity stake of 14.9% of the outstanding common shares of

the Company.

Under the Partnership 
Agreement, two representatives of KKR (the “Investor Designees”) will join our

Board of Directors.

Each of the 
Investor Designees will also be nominated by our Board of Directors

to stand for election at our 2025 annual 
meeting of stockholders for a term expiring at our 2026 annual meeting

of stockholders.

As part of the Partnership 
Agreement, KKR has agreed to customary voting and other provisions.

Consummation of the transactions 
contemplated by the Partnership Agreement is subject to customary

closing conditions, including the expiration or 

Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
29 
termination of any waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act

and certain foreign regulatory approvals.

The 
Partnership Agreement may have unintended consequences, such as

uncertainty about our management, operations, 
or future strategic direction, which could result in the loss of future

business opportunities or negatively impact our 
ability to attract and retain qualified talent. KKR also invests in many different types of

businesses, and has or may 
continue to invest in customers, suppliers, joint venture partners, or

other entities that have relationships with the 
Company, or in competitors of such entities,

which may create unintended conflicts resulting in a loss of business.

Our future growth (especially for our Global Technology and Global Specialty Products segments) is dependent 
upon our ability to develop or acquire and maintain and protect

new products and services and utilize new 
technologies that achieve market acceptance with acceptable margins. 
Our future success depends on our ability to timely develop (or obtain the right

to sell) competitive and innovative 
(particularly for our Global Technology and Global Specialty Products segments) products and services and utilize 
new technologies, such as artificial intelligence (“AI”) (among other emerging technologies)

and to market them 
and/or utilize them quickly and cost-effectively.

Our ability to anticipate customer needs and emerging trends and 
develop or acquire new products, services and technologies at competitive

prices requires significant resources, 
including employees with the requisite skills, experience and expertise, particularly

in our Global Technology 
segment, including dental practice management, patient engagement

and demand creation software solutions.

The 
failure to successfully address these challenges could materially disrupt

our sales and operations.

We have increased and expect to continue to increase our use of AI technologies in various contexts to improve 
customer and patient experiences and drive efficiencies in certain areas of our business.

While these innovations 
can present benefits to the Company, they also create risks and challenges.

If investments in such emerging 
technologies are less successful at attracting and retaining customers than

similar investments by our competitors, 
or if we are otherwise unsuccessful at realizing the benefits of these

technological investments generally, this could 
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or operating

results.

Additionally, widely 
assessable generative AI that rapidly surpasses our organizational ability to understand

associated risks and 
opportunities (including employees’ failure to comply with policies governing

AI usage) could endanger our 
intellectual property, lead to misuse of data and cause reputational harm. 
Risks inherent in acquisitions, dispositions and joint ventures could

offset the anticipated benefits.
One of our business strategies has been to expand in part through acquisitions

and joint ventures and we expect to 
continue to make acquisitions and enter into joint ventures in the future.

There is risk that one or more may not 
succeed.

We cannot be sure, for example, that we will achieve the benefits of revenue growth that we expect from 
these transactions or that we will avoid unforeseen additional costs, taxes,

or expenses.

Our ability to successfully 
implement our acquisition and joint venture strategy depends upon,

among other things, the following: 
•
the availability of suitable acquisition or joint venture candidates at

acceptable prices; 
•
our ability to consummate such transactions, which could potentially

be prohibited due to U.S. or foreign 
antitrust regulations; 
•
the liquidity of our investments and the availability of financing on

acceptable terms; 
•
our ability to retain customers or product lines of the acquired businesses or

joint ventures; 
•
our ability to retain, recruit and incentivize the management of the

companies we acquire; and 
•
our ability to successfully integrate these companies’ operations, systems,

services, products and personnel 
with our culture, management policies, legal, regulatory and compliance

policies, information technology 
and cybersecurity systems and policies, internal procedures, working capital

management, financial, 
operational and internal controls and strategies. 
Furthermore, some of our acquisitions and future acquisitions may give

rise to an obligation to make contingent 
payments or to satisfy certain repurchase obligations, which payments

could have material adverse impacts on our 
financial results individually or in the aggregate.

Additionally, when we decide to sell assets or a business, we may 
encounter difficulty in finding buyers or timely executing alternative exit strategies

on acceptable terms, which 
could delay the accomplishment of our strategic objectives.

Dispositions may also involve continued financial 

Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
30 
involvement in a divested business, such as through transition service agreements,

indemnities or other current or 
contingent financial obligations.

Certain provisions in our governing documents and other documents to

which we are a party may discourage 
third parties from seeking to acquire us that might otherwise result

in our stockholders receiving a premium 
over the market price of their shares. 
The provisions of our certificate of incorporation and by-laws may

make it more difficult for a third-party to 
acquire us, may discourage acquisition bids and may impact the price

that certain investors might be willing to pay 
in the future for shares of our common stock.

These provisions, among other things require (i) the affirmative vote 
of the holders of at least 60% of the shares of common stock entitled to vote

to approve a merger, consolidation, or 
a sale, lease, transfer or exchange of all or substantially all of our assets;

and (ii) the affirmative vote of the holders 
of at least 66 2/3% of our common stock entitled to vote to (a)

remove a director; and (b) to amend or repeal our 
by-laws, with certain limited exceptions.

In addition, certain of our employee incentive plans provide

for 
accelerated vesting of equity awards upon termination without cause within

two years following a change in 
control, or grant the plan committee discretion to accelerate awards

upon a change of control.

Further, certain 
agreements between us and our executive officers provide for increased severance

payments and certain benefits if 
those executive officers are terminated without cause by us or if they terminate

for good reason, in each case within 
two years following a change in control or within ninety days prior to the

effective date of the change in control or 
after the first public announcement of the pendency of the change

in control. 
Adverse changes in supplier rebates or other purchasing incentives

could negatively affect our business. 
The terms on which we purchase or sell products from many suppliers may

entitle us to receive a rebate or other 
purchasing incentive based on the attainment of certain growth goals.

Suppliers may reduce or eliminate rebates or 
incentives offered under their programs, or increase the growth goals or other conditions

we must meet to earn 
rebates or incentives to levels that we cannot achieve.

Increased competition either from generic or equivalent 
branded products could result in us failing to earn rebates or incentives

that are conditioned upon achievement of 
growth goals.

Additionally, factors outside of our control, such as customer preferences, consolidation of suppliers 
or supply issues, can have a material impact on our ability to achieve

the growth goals established by our suppliers, 
which may reduce the amount of rebates or incentives we receive. 
Sales of corporate brand products and products that we manufacture

entail additional risks, including the risk 
that such sales could materially adversely affect our relationships with suppliers. 
We offer

certain corporate brand products that are available exclusively

from us.

The sale of such corporate brand 
products and the sale of products that we manufacture subject us to

potential product liability risks, mandatory or 
voluntary product recalls, potential supply chain and distribution chain

disruptions and potential intellectual 
property infringement risks, among other risks.

In addition, an increase in the sales of our corporate brand products 
and our own manufactured products may negatively affect our sales of products

owned by our suppliers which, 
consequently, could adversely impact certain of our supplier relationships.

Our ability to locate qualified, 
economically stable suppliers who satisfy our requirements, and

to acquire sufficient products in a timely and 
effective manner, is critical to ensuring, among other things, that customer confidence is not diminished.

In 
addition, we are exposed to the risk that our competitors or our large customers may

introduce their own private 
label, generic, or low-cost products that compete with our products at

lower price points.

Such products could 
capture significant market share or decrease market prices overall, eroding

our sales and margins.

Any failure to 
develop sourcing relationships with a broad and deep supplier base

could have a material adverse effect on our 
business, financial condition or operating results.

Our business could be affected by activist investors. 
We actively engage in discussions with our stockholders.

In other cases, stockholders can engage in certain 
divisive activist tactics, which can take many forms (including potential

proxy contests).

Some stockholder 
activism has resulted in, and could in the future result in, substantial

costs, such as professional fees, and the 
diversion of management’s and our Board of Directors’ attention and resources from our businesses and strategic 

Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
31 
plans.

Additionally, it could cause uncertainty about our management, operations or future strategic direction, 
which could result in the loss of future business opportunities or negatively

impact our ability to attract and retain 
qualified talent.

Activists or other stockholders holding a large portion of our outstanding shares

could also have 
the ability to exert influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote,

including the election of directors and the 
approval of certain extraordinary business transactions.

These risks could cause volatility in the trading price of our 
common stock based on factors other than the fundamentals of our

business.

INDUSTRY RISKS 
Security risks generally associated with our information systems and our

technology products and services have 
in the recent past adversely affected our business and results of operations, and could

in the future materially 
adversely affect our business and our results of operations if such products, services,

or systems (or third-party 
systems we rely on) are interrupted, damaged by unforeseen events, are subject

to cyberattacks or fail for any 
extended period of time. 
We rely on information systems (“IS”) in our business to obtain, rapidly process, analyze, manage and store 
customer, product, supplier and employee data to, among other things: 
•
maintain and manage worldwide systems to facilitate the purchase and

distribution of thousands of 
inventory items from numerous distribution centers; 
•
receive, process and ship orders on a timely basis; 
•
manage the accurate billing and collections for our customers; 
•
process payments to suppliers;

•
provide products and services that maintain certain of our customers’ electronic

medical or dental records 
(including protected health information of their patients); and 
•
maintain and manage global human resources, compensation and payroll

systems. 
There could be an adverse impact on our business, financial condition

or operating results if we do not maintain an 
adequate information and technology infrastructure (
e.g.
, hardware, networks, software, people and processes) to 
effectively protect and support the current and future information requirements of the business.

In addition to health 
information in our customers’ electronic medical and dental records,

certain of our IS stores other sensitive personal 
and financial information, such as health care and other information related

to our employees and individuals we 
service, as well as other sensitive information such as credit card

information from our third-party business 
partners, that is confidential, and in many cases subject to privacy laws.

Our IS are susceptible to, among other things, natural disasters, power

losses, telecommunication failures, 
cybersecurity threats and other criminal activity.

Information security risks have significantly increased

in recent 
years in part because of an overall increase in cyber incidents, their increased

sophistication and the involvement of 
organized crime, hackers, terrorists and foreign state agents.

In particular, the health care industry has been 
targeted by threat actors seeking to undermine companies’ cybersecurity defensive

measures.

We have processes in 
place intended to ensure that our security measures keep pace with

new and emerging risks.

We regularly review, 
monitor and implement multiple layers of security through technology, processes and our people.

We utilize 
security technologies designed to protect and maintain the integrity of

our IS and data, and our defenses are 
monitored and routinely tested internally and by external parties.

Despite these efforts, our facilities and systems 
and those of our third-party service providers have been, and may in

the future be, vulnerable to privacy and 
security incidents, cybersecurity attacks and data breaches, acts of vandalism

or theft, computer viruses and other 
malicious code, misplaced or lost data, programming and/or human errors,

attacks or other acts undermining IS of 
third party business partners including our customers, or other similar events

that could impact the security, 
reliability and availability of our systems.

In addition, hardware, software or applications developed

internally or 
procured from third parties may contain defects in design or manufacture

or other problems that could unexpectedly 
compromise information security.

As a practical matter, so long as we depend on IS to operate our business, and 
our business partners do the same, there can be no guaranty

that such measures will successfully stop any one 
particular cybersecurity incident given the constantly evolving nature of

the threat.

We have incurred and may in 
the future incur substantial costs as we update our cybersecurity defense

systems and our general computer controls 

Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
32 
to meet evolving challenges, and legislative or regulatory action related

to cybersecurity may increase our costs to 
develop or implement new technology products and services. 
A cyberattack that bypasses or compromises our IS cybersecurity and/or

general information technology (“IT”) 
controls (including third-party systems we rely on) causing an IS security breach

may lead, and has in the past led, 
to a disruption of our IS business systems (including third-party systems we

rely on), interruption of operations 
(including, without limitation, receiving, verifying and processing customer orders,

customer service, accounts 
payable, warehouse management and shipping and systems tied

to internal controls over financial reporting), the 
loss or alteration of business, financial and other protected information,

a negative impact on our financial 
performance, and to an adverse impact on our financial accounting

and reporting controls.

A cyberattack that 
bypasses or compromises our IS cybersecurity and/or general computer

controls or those of third parties with whom 
we engage may also lead to claims against us by affected parties and/or governmental

agencies, and involve fines 
and penalties, as well as substantial defense and settlement expenses.

Any of these impacts may alone, or 
collectively, have a material impact on our business.

A successful cyberattack has, and may again in the future, 
disrupt our business operations, adversely impact our financial accounting

and reporting of results of operations, 
divert the attention of management, and adversely impact our results of

operations.

In addition, we develop products and provide services to our customers

that are technology-based, and a 
cyberattack that bypasses the IS supporting our products or services causing

a security breach and/or perceived 
security vulnerabilities in our products or services could also cause significant

loss of business and reputational 
harm, and actual or perceived vulnerabilities may lead to claims against

us by our customers and/or governmental 
agencies.

In addition, certain of our practice management products and services

purchased by health care 
providers, such as physicians and dentists, are used to store and manage patient

medical or dental records, and when 
cloud-based approaches are used, we may be responsible for hosting

those records.

These customers, and in some 
cases, we are subject to laws and regulations which require that

they protect the privacy and security of those 
records, and our products may be used as part of these customers’ comprehensive

data security programs, including 
in connection with their efforts to comply with applicable privacy and security laws.

In addition to immaterial and unrelated prior incidents at certain of

our subsidiaries, in October 2023 Henry Schein 
experienced a cybersecurity incident that primarily affected the operations of our

North American and European 
dental and medical distribution businesses.

Henry Schein One, our practice management software, revenue

cycle 
management and patient relationship management solutions business was

not affected, and our manufacturing 
businesses were mostly unaffected.

The October 2023 cybersecurity incident disrupted key business

operations, 
adversely impacted our financial results for the fourth quarter and full year 2023,

diverted attention of management, 
and caused the Company to incur significant remediation costs.

The incident had residual impact on our financial 
results in 2024, and we continue to review the effects of the incident on the Company’s business.

We have spent, 
and plan to expend in the future, additional resources to continue

to protect against, or to address problems caused 
by, business interruptions and data security breaches.

We also may be perceived as a more vulnerable target of the 
cyber hackers as a result of the October 2023 incident. 
The health care products distribution industry is highly competitive

(including, without limitation, competition 
from third-party online commerce sites) and consolidating, and we may not

be able to compete successfully. 
We compete with numerous companies, including several major manufacturers and distributors.

Some of our 
competitors have greater financial and other resources than we do, which

could allow them to compete more 
successfully.

Most of our products are available from several sources and our customers

tend to have relationships 
with several distributors.

Competitors could obtain exclusive rights to market particular

products, which we would 
then be unable to market.

Manufacturers also could increase their efforts to sell directly to end-users and

thereby 
eliminate or reduce our role in distribution.

Industry consolidation among health care product distributors and 
manufacturers, price competition, product unavailability, whether due to our inability to gain access to products or 
to interruptions in manufacturing supply, or the emergence of new competitors, also could increase competition.

Consolidation has also increased among manufacturers of health care

products, which could have a material 
adverse effect on our margins and product availability.

We could be subject to charges and financial losses in the 
event we fail to satisfy minimum purchase commitments contained

in some of our contracts.

Additionally, 
traditional health care supply and distribution relationships are being challenged

by online commerce solutions.

Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
33 
The continued advancement of online commerce by third parties and online

price transparency requires us to cost-
effectively adapt to changing technologies, to enhance existing services and to differentiate

our business (including 
with additional value-added services) to address changing demands

of consumers and our customers.

The 
emergence of such competition and our inability to anticipate and effectively respond to changes on

a timely basis 
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating

results.

The health care industry is experiencing changes due to political, economic

and regulatory influences that could 
materially adversely affect our business.
The health care industry is highly regulated and subject to changing

political, economic and regulatory influences.

In recent years, the health care industry has been undergoing significant changes driven

by various efforts to reduce 
costs, including, among other factors: trends toward managed care; collective

purchasing arrangements and 
consolidation among office-based health care practitioners; and changes in reimbursements

to customers, including 
increased attention to value-based payment arrangements, as well as enforcement

activities (and related monetary 
recoveries) by governmental officials.

Both our profitability and that of our customers may be

materially adversely 
affected by laws and regulations reducing reimbursement rates for pharmaceuticals,

medical supplies and devices, 
and/or medical treatments or services, or changes to the methodology

by which reimbursement levels are 
determined.

If we are unable to react effectively to these and other changes in the

health care industry, our business 
could be materially adversely affected.

The ACA greatly expanded health insurance coverage

in the United States 
and has been the target of legal and political challenges since its adoption.

Any outcome of these challenges that 
changes the ACA could have a significant impact on the U.S. health care

industry and the ability or willingness of 
individuals to engage with it.

Expansion of GPOs, DSOs, MSOs or provider networks and the multi-tiered

costing structure may place us at a 
competitive disadvantage. 
The health care products industry is subject to a multi-tiered costing structure, which

can vary by manufacturer 
and/or product.

Under this structure, certain institutions can obtain more favorable

prices for health care products 
than we are able to obtain.

The multi-tiered costing structure continues to expand as many large integrated health 
care providers and others with significant purchasing power, such as GPOs, DSOs and MSOs, demand

more 
favorable pricing terms.

Additionally, the formation of provider networks, GPOs, DSOs and MSOs may shift 
purchasing decisions to entities or persons with whom we do not have a historical

relationship and may threaten our 
ability to compete effectively, which could in turn negatively impact our financial results.

In addition, such 
organizations may establish direct relationships with manufacturers, thereby

either eliminating or reducing the 
services historically provided by distributors.

Although we are seeking to obtain similar terms from manufacturers 
to access lower prices demanded by GPO, DSO and MSO contracts or

other contracts, and to develop relationships 
with existing and emerging provider networks, GPOs, DSOs and MSOs, we

cannot guarantee that such terms will 
be obtained or contracts executed.

Increases in shipping costs or service issues with our third-party shippers

could harm our business. 
Our ability to meet our customers’ expedited delivery expectations is an

integral component of our business 
strategy for which our customers rely.

Shipping is a significant expense in the operation of our business.

We ship 
almost all of our orders through third-party delivery services, and typically bear

the cost of shipment.

Accordingly, 
any significant increase in shipping rates could have a material adverse

effect on our business, financial condition 
or operating results.

While we have recently experienced increases in shipping costs,

we do not expect these 
additional expenses to be material to our results now, however, they could be material in the future.

Similarly, 
strikes or other service interruptions by those shippers, including at transportation

centers or shipping ports, could 
cause our operating expenses to rise and materially adversely affect our ability

to deliver products on a timely basis. 

Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
34 
MACRO-ECONOMIC AND POLITICAL RISKS 
Uncertain global and domestic macro-economic and political conditions

could materially adversely affect our 
results of operations and financial condition. 
Uncertain global and domestic macro-economic and political conditions

that affect the economy and the economic 
outlook of the United States, Europe, Asia and other parts of the

world could have a material adverse effect our 
business, financial condition or operating results.

These uncertainties, include, among other things, those listed 
under “Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and

Results of Operations, Cautionary Note 
Regarding Forward-Looking Statements.”

Additionally, changes in government, government debt and/or budget crises may lead to reductions in government 
spending in certain countries, which could reduce overall health care spending

and/or lead to higher income or 
corporate taxes, which could depress spending overall.

Recessionary or inflationary conditions and depressed 
levels of consumer and commercial spending may also cause customers

to reduce, modify, delay,

or cancel plans to 
purchase our products and may cause suppliers to reduce their output

or change their terms of sale.

We have 
experienced inflationary pressures, including higher freight costs and

interest expense, and pressures resulting from 
the strengthening of the dollar, which have and continue to impact our results of operations.

We generally sell 
products to customers with payment terms.

If customers’ cash flow or operating and financial performance 
deteriorate, or if they are unable to make scheduled payments or obtain

credit, they may not be able to, or may 
delay, payment to us.

Likewise, for similar reasons suppliers may restrict credit or impose

different payment terms. 
REGULATORY

AND LITIGATION RISKS 
Failure to comply with existing and future regulatory requirements

could materially adversely affect our 
business. 
We strive to be compliant with the applicable laws, regulations and guidance described below in all material 
respects, and believe we have effective compliance programs and other controls

in place to ensure substantial 
compliance.

However, compliance is not guaranteed either now or in the future as certain laws, regulations

and 
guidance may be subject to varying and evolving interpretations that could

affect our ability to comply, as well as 
future changes, additions and enforcement approaches, including in light

of political changes.

Changes with 
respect to the applicable laws, regulations and guidance described below

may require us to update or revise our 
operations, services, marketing practices, and compliance programs

and controls, and may impose additional and 
unforeseen costs on us, pose new or previously immaterial risks to us, or

may otherwise have a material adverse 
effect on our business.

There can be no assurance that current and future government

regulations will not adversely 
affect our business, and we cannot predict new regulatory priorities, the form, content

or timing of regulatory 
actions, and their impact on the health care industry and on our business

and operations. 
Global efforts to contain health care costs continue to exert pressure on product pricing.

In the United States, there 
has been increased scrutiny on drug pricing and concurrent efforts to control or

reduce drug costs by Congress, the 
President, executive branch agencies and various states.

We may be required to report drug pricing data under 
federal laws and regulations.

Several U.S. states have adopted laws, that may apply to some of

our operations, that 
require drug manufacturers, including re-packagers or re-labelers, to provide

advance notice of certain price 
increases and to report information relating to price increases, while

others have established prescription drug 
affordability boards or multi-payer purchasing pools to reduce the cost of prescription

drugs.

At the federal level, 
for example, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, among other things,

requires drug manufacturers that raise certain 
of their drug prices faster than the rate of inflation to pay rebates to Medicare,

and over time will authorize the 
federal government to negotiate directly with drug manufacturers to

lower the prices of certain brand-name drugs 
covered by Medicare.

These various evolving efforts create uncertainty and may adversely affect our business. 
Under the Sunshine Act, we are required to collect and report detailed

information regarding certain financial 
relationships we have with covered recipients (
e.g.
, physicians, dentists, teaching hospitals, other health care 
practitioners).

We may be required to report information under state transparency laws that address circumstances 
not covered by the Sunshine Act.

We are also subject to similar foreign transparency laws.

While we believe we 

Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
35 
have substantially compliant programs and controls in place satisfying

the above laws and requirements, such 
compliance imposes additional costs on us and the requirements

are sometimes unclear. 
Our business is subject to additional requirements under various local, state,

federal and foreign laws and 
regulations applicable to the sale and distribution of, and third-party payment

for, pharmaceuticals and medical 
devices and HCT/P products.

Among the federal laws with which we must comply are the Controlled Substances 
Act, the FDC Act, the Federal Drug Quality and Security Act, including DSCSA,

and Section 361 of the Public 
Health Services Act.

Among other things, such laws and the regulations promulgated

thereunder:

•
regulate the introduction, manufacture, advertising, marketing, promotion,

sampling, pricing, 
reimbursement, labeling, packaging, storage, handling, returning,

recalling, reporting, distribution of, and 
recordkeeping for drugs, HCT/P products and medical devices, including

unique device identifiers; 
•
subject us to inspection by the FDA, OSHA, and DEA and similar state

authorities; 
•
regulate the storage, transportation and disposal of

hazardous materials; 
•
require us to advertise and promote our drugs and devices in accordance

with FDA regulations; 
•
require us to report average sales price (ASP) to CMS for drugs or biologicals

payable under Medicare Part 
B with or without a Medicaid drug rebate agreement; 
•
require registration with the FDA and the DEA and various state agencies; 
•
require us to design and operate a system to identify and report suspicious

orders of controlled substances 
to the DEA and certain states; 
•
require us to manage returns of products that have been recalled and subject

us to inspection of our recall 
procedures and activities;

•
impose on us reporting requirements if a pharmaceutical, HCT/P product or

medical device causes an 
adverse event, serious illness, injury or death; 
•
require manufacturers, wholesalers, re-packagers and dispensers of prescription

drugs to identify and trace 
certain prescription drugs as they are distributed;

•
require the licensing of prescription drug wholesalers and third-party

logistics providers; and

•
mandate compliance with standards for the recordkeeping, storage,

handling and documentation of 
transactions involving prescription drugs and associated reporting requirements. 
The FDA regulates certain computer software and digital health products intended

for use in health care settings, 
including, for example, AI and machine learning-enabled medical devices

and the cybersecurity of medical devices.

Certain of our businesses involve the development and sale of

software and related products to support physician 
and dental practice management, and it is possible that the FDA or

foreign government authorities could determine 
that one or more of our products is subject to regulation as a medical device,

which could subject our businesses to 
substantial additional requirements, costs, potential enforcement actions

or liabilities for noncompliance with 
respect to these products. For example, some of our imaging software is

regulated as a medical device which 
subjects our businesses to substantial additional requirements, costs

and potential enforcement actions or liabilities 
for noncompliance with respect to these products. 
Applicable federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations also may

require us to meet various standards 
relating to, among other things, licensure, registration, program eligibility, procurement, third-party reimbursement, 
sales and marketing practices, product integrity and supply

tracking to product manufacturers, product labeling, 
personnel, privacy and security of health or other personal information,

installation, maintenance and repair of 
equipment and the importation and exportation of products.

The FDA and DEA, as well as CMS (including with 
respect to complex Medicare reimbursement requirements applicable to our

specialty home medical supplies 
business) and state Medicaid agencies, have recently increased their regulatory

and enforcement activities and, in 
particular, the DEA has heightened enforcement activities due to the opioid crisis in the United

States.

The failure to comply with any of these laws or regulations, or new interpretations

of them, or the imposition of any 
additional laws and regulations, could materially adversely affect our business.

The costs to us associated with 
complying with the various applicable statutes and regulations, as they now

exist and as they may be modified, 
could be material.

Allegations by a governmental body that we have not complied

with these laws could have a 
material adverse effect on our businesses.

While we believe that we are substantially compliant with

applicable 
laws and regulations, and have adequate compliance programs and controls

in place to ensure substantial 

Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
36 
compliance, if it is determined that we have not complied with these laws,

we are potentially subject to warning 
letters, substantial civil and criminal penalties, mandatory recall of product,

seizure of product and injunction, 
consent decrees and suspension or limitation of payments to us, product

sale and distribution.

If we enter into 
settlement agreements to resolve allegations of non-compliance, we

could be required to make settlement payments 
or be subject to civil and criminal penalties, including fines and

the loss of licenses.

Non-compliance with 
government requirements could also adversely affect our ability to participate in

important federal and state 
government health care programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid,

and damage our reputation. 
The EU Medical Device Regulation (“MDR”) may adversely affect our business.

The EU MDR significantly modified the regulatory compliance requirements

for the medical device industry as a 
whole.

Among other things, the EU MDR: 
•
strengthens the rules on placing devices on the market and reinforces

surveillance thereafter; 
•
establishes explicit provisions on manufacturers’ responsibilities

for the follow-up of the quality, 
performance and safety of devices placed on the market; 
•
improves the traceability of medical devices throughout the supply chain to

the end-user or patient through 
a unique identification number; 
•
sets up a central database (EUDAMED) to provide patients, health care

professionals and the public with 
comprehensive information on devices, importers, and distributors registered

in the EU;

•
strengthens rules for the assessment of certain high-risk devices, such

as implants, which may have to 
undergo an additional check by experts before they are placed on the market; and 
•
contains specific provisions in the event of interruption or discontinuation

of supply of a device.

The EU MDR imposes strict requirements for the confirmation that a

product meets the regulatory requirements, 
including regarding a product’s clinical evaluation and a company’s quality systems, and for the distribution, 
marketing and sale of medical devices, including post-market surveillance.

Pursuant to Regulation 2023/607 and 
subject to certain conditions, medical devices that (i) obtained

a certificate under the EU Medical Device Directive 
from May 25, 2017, (ii) which was still valid on May 26, 2021, and (iii)

has not been subsequently withdrawn may 
continue to be placed on the market or put into service until December

31, 2027 for higher risk devices or 
December 31, 2028 for medium and lower risk devices. The modifications

created by the EU MDR may have an 
impact on the way we design and manufacture products and the way we

conduct our business in the EEA. 
If we fail to comply with laws and regulations relating to health care

fraud or other laws and regulations, we 
could suffer penalties or be required to make significant changes to our operations,

which could materially 
adversely affect our business.

Certain of our businesses are subject to federal and state (and similar

foreign) health care fraud and abuse, referral 
and reimbursement laws and regulations with respect to their operations.

Some of these laws, referred to as “false 
claims laws,” prohibit the submission or causing the submission of false or

fraudulent claims for reimbursement to 
federal, state and other health care payers and programs.

Other laws, referred to as “anti-kickback laws,” prohibit 
soliciting, offering, receiving or paying remuneration in order to induce or reward

the referral of a patient or 
ordering, purchasing, leasing or arranging for, or recommending ordering, purchasing or leasing

of, items or 
services that are paid for by federal, state and other health care payers and programs.

Certain additional state and 
federal laws, such as the federal Physician Self-Referral Law (“Stark Law”),

prohibit physicians and other health 
care professionals from referring a patient to an entity with which

the physician (or family member) has a financial 
relationship, for the furnishing of certain designated health services

(for example, durable medical equipment and 
medical supplies), unless an exception applies.

The fraud and abuse laws and regulations have been subject to heightened

enforcement activity over the past few 
years, often as the result of “relators” who serve as whistleblowers by filing

complaints in the name of the United 
States (and if applicable, particular states) under applicable false claims

laws, and who may receive up to 30% of 
total government recoveries.

Penalties under fraud and abuse laws may be severe, including treble damages

and 
substantial civil penalties under the federal False Claims Act, as

well as potential loss of licenses and the ability to 
participate in federal and state health care programs, criminal penalties,

or imposition of a corporate compliance 

Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
37 
monitor, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.

Also, these measures may be interpreted or 
applied by a prosecutorial, regulatory or judicial authority in a

manner that could require us to make changes in our 
operations or incur substantial defense and settlement expenses.

Even unsuccessful challenges by regulatory 
authorities or relators could result in reputational harm and the incurring of

substantial costs.

Most states have 
adopted similar state false claims acts, and these state laws have their

own penalties which may be in addition to 
federal False Claims Act penalties, and other fraud and abuse laws.

The United States government (among others) has expressed concerns

about financial relationships between 
suppliers or manufacturers on the one hand and physicians, dentists

and other health care providers, on the 
other.

As a result, we regularly review and revise our marketing practices

as necessary to facilitate compliance.

Our aspirations, goals and disclosures related to environmental, social

and governance matters and the focus on 
regulators and private litigants among other things on related claims made

by companies and funds expose us to 
numerous risks, including reputational, financial, legal and other risks,

that could have an adverse impact on us.

California has adopted stringent new climate disclosure requirements, as

has the EU.

As of April 4, 2024, the SEC 
has temporarily suspended implementation of its climate disclosure rules.

In the EU, Directive No. 2019/1937 of October 23, 2019, 
on the protection of persons who report breaches of 
Union law,

organizes the legal protection of whistleblowers.

This Directive covers whistleblowers reporting 
breaches of EU laws and regulations and protects a wide range of people

including former employees.

All private 
companies with 50 or more employees are required to create effective internal reporting

channels.

All EU Member 
States have now implemented the Directive. 
We also are subject to the requirements of Directive No. 2022/2464 on corporate sustainability reporting (“CSRD”) 
that became effective on January 5, 2023.

CSRD requires in-scope companies to report on sustainability-related 
information that is material from a financial risk or opportunity perspective

to their business and from an impact 
perspective on the environment or society.

The materiality of sustainability matters is subjective and

may be 
interpreted differently by various stakeholders.

CSRD, its transposition into national EU Member State law, and 
associated guidance are evolving and reporting requirements may change,

which may further increase the costs of 
complying with CSRD.

CSRD has not yet been fully implemented by all EU Member States.

We also are subject to certain United States and foreign laws and regulations concerning the conduct of our foreign 
operations, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery

Act, German anti-corruption laws 
and other anti-bribery laws and laws pertaining to the accuracy of our internal

books and records.

Our businesses 
are generally subject to numerous other laws and regulations that

could impact our financial results, including, 
without limitation, securities, antitrust, consumer protection and marketing

laws and regulations. 
In the EU, both active and passive corruption in the private sector are

criminalized.

The EU Council Framework 
Decision 2003/568/JHA of 22 July 2003

on combating corruption in the private sector 
establishes more detailed 
rules on the liability of legal persons and deterrent sanctions.

However, the liability of legal persons is regulated at 
a national level. 
Failure to comply with fraud and abuse laws and regulations, and other

laws and regulations, could result in 
significant civil and criminal penalties and costs, including the loss of

licenses and the ability to participate in 
federal and state health care programs, and could have a material adverse

effect on our business.

We may 
determine to enter into settlements, make payments, agree to consent decrees

or enter into other arrangements to 
resolve such matters.

Intentional or unintentional failure to comply with settlement agreements

or consent decrees 
could materially adversely affect our business. 
While we believe that we are substantially compliant with applicable

laws and regulations, and believe we have 
adequate compliance programs and controls in place to ensure substantial

compliance, we cannot predict whether 
changes in applicable law, or interpretation of laws, or changes in our services or marketing practices in response

to 
changes in applicable law or interpretation of laws, could have a material

adverse effect on our business. 

Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
38 
If we fail to comply with laws and regulations relating to the collection,

storage and processing of sensitive 
personal information or standards in electronic health records or transmissions,

we could be required to make 
significant changes to our products, or incur substantial fines, penalties, or

other liabilities.

Our businesses that involve physician and dental practice management

products, equipment and our specialty home 
medical supplies businesses, and our self-funded employee benefits programs

include information technology (IT) 
systems that store and process personal health, clinical, financial, and

other sensitive information of individuals.

These IT systems may be vulnerable to breakdown, wrongful intrusions, data

breaches and malicious attack, which 
could require us to expend significant resources to eliminate these

problems and address related security concerns, 
and could involve claims against us by private parties and/or governmental agencies. 
We are directly or indirectly subject to numerous and evolving federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations 
that protect the privacy and security of personal information (including

health data), such as HIPAA, CAN-SPAM, 
TCPA, Section 5 of the FTC Act, the CCPA

and various other privacy laws that have or will soon come into

effect.

Laws and regulations relating to privacy and data protection are

continually evolving and subject to potentially 
differing interpretations, including those relating to AI.

These requirements may not be harmonized, may be 
interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent from one jurisdiction

to another or may conflict with other 
rules or our practices.

In addition, cybersecurity laws such as the federal Cyber Incident

Reporting for Critical 
Infrastructure Act of 2022, proposed Federal Acquisition Regulations and

amendments to SEC reporting 
requirements may require us to provide notifications about cybersecurity

incidents in limited timeframes and before 
investigations are complete.

Our businesses’ failure to comply with these laws and regulations

could expose us to 
breach of contract claims, substantial fines, penalties and other

liabilities and expenses, costs for remediation and 
harm to our reputation.

Evolving laws and regulations in this area could restrict the

ability of our customers to 
obtain, use or disseminate patient information, or could require us

to incur significant additional costs to re-design 
our products to reflect these legal requirements, which could have

a material adverse effect on our operations. 
In addition, the European Parliament and the Council of the EU adopted

the GDPR effective from May 25, 2018, 
which increased privacy rights for Data Subjects, including individuals

who are our customers, suppliers and 
employees.

The GDPR extended the scope of responsibilities for data controllers

and data processors, and 
generally imposes increased requirements and potential penalties on companies,

such as us, that are either 
established in the EU and process personal data of Data Subjects (regardless

the Data Subject location), or that are 
not established in the EU but that offer goods or services to Data Subjects in the EU

or monitor their behavior in the 
EU. Noncompliance can result in penalties of up to the greater of EUR 20

million, or 4% of global company 
revenues (sanction that may be public), and Data Subjects may seek damages.

Member states may individually 
impose additional requirements and penalties regarding certain limited

matters (for which the GDPR left some 
room of flexibility), such as employee personal data.

With respect to the personal data it protects, the GDPR 
requires, among other things, controller accountability, consents from Data Subjects or another acceptable legal 
basis to process the personal data, notification within 72 hours

of a personal data breach where required, data 
integrity and security, and fairness and transparency regarding the storage, use or other processing of the personal 
data.

The GDPR also provides rights to Data Subjects relating notably

to information, access, rectification, erasure 
of the personal data and the right to object to the processing.

Despite Brexit, the UK also has data protection laws 
equivalent to the GDPR).

Switzerland enacted FADP.

Uncertainty about compliance with these data protection 
laws remains, with the possibilities that data protection authorities located

in different EU Member States may 
interpret GDPR differently, or requirements of national laws may vary between the EU Member States, or guidance 
on GDPR and compliance practices may be often updated or otherwise revised.

Any of these events will increase 
the complexity and costs of processing personal data in the European Economic

Area, UK or Switzerland or 
concerning individuals located in these jurisdictions. 
Effective November 1, 2021, China’s PIPL imposes specific rules for processing personal information and specifies 
that the law shall also apply to personal information activities carried

out outside China but for the purpose of 
providing products or services to PRC citizens.

Any non-compliance with these laws and regulations may

subject 
us to fines, orders to rectify or terminate any actions that are deemed

illegal by regulatory authorities, other 
penalties, reputational damage, or legal proceedings against us, which

may affect our business, financial condition 
or results of operations.

The PIPL carries maximum penalties of CNY50 million or

5% of the annual revenue of 
entities that process personal data.

Data protection laws in other countries are also quickly

evolving, with many 

Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
39 
countries having updated, or are in the process of updating, their

laws to bring them more in line with the model 
created by GDPR. 
In the United States, the CCPA, effective January 1, 2020, establishes a privacy framework for covered businesses 
such as ours by, among other things, creating an expanded definition of personal information, establishing new data 
privacy rights for California residents and creating a new and potentially

severe statutory damages framework for 
violations of the CCPA, as well as potentially severe statutory damages and private a right of action against 
businesses that suffer a data security breach due to their violation of a duty to

implement reasonable security 
procedures and practices. This private right of action may increase the

likelihood of, and risks associated with, data 
breach litigation.

In addition, California voters adopted the CPRA (effective January 1, 2023)

which enhances and 
strengthens regulatory requirements and individual protections that currently

exist under the CCPA.

Other states 
have enacted or are considering enacting similar privacy laws, which may

subject us to additional requirements and 
restrictions that could have an impact on our business.

Comprehensive privacy laws in a number of other states are 
now in effect, and similarly enacted broad laws relating to privacy, data protection, and information security that 
will come into effect later in 2025 and 2026, further complicating our privacy compliance

obligations through the 
introduction of increasingly disparate requirements across the various

U.S. jurisdictions in which we operate.

Additionally, certain other states have enacted specific health data privacy laws and other states are considering 
similar legislation.

Congress is considering legislation that may preempt some or

all of such U.S. state privacy 
laws, but which may also provide a more expansive private right of action

for privacy claims than exists under 
current state laws. 

The evolving complexity of privacy and data security legislation in

the United States may complicate our 
compliance efforts and further increase our risk of regulatory enforcement, penalties

and litigation.

While we 
believe we have substantially compliant programs and controls in place

to comply with privacy laws domestically 
and internationally, our compliance with data privacy and cybersecurity laws is likely to impose additional costs

on 
us, and we cannot predict whether the interpretations of the requirements,

or changes in our practices in response to 
new requirements or interpretations of the requirements, could have a

material adverse effect on our business. 
Further, countries are applying their data and consumer protection laws to AI, particularly generative

AI, and are 
considering and implementing specific legal frameworks with respect

to AI, for example the EU AI Act 2024 
(which as with the GDPR, will have extra-territorial effect).

Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with 
such requirements could have an adverse impact on our business.

Anticipated further evolution of regulations and 
legislation on this topic may substantially increase the penalties

to which we could be subject in the event of any 
non-compliance.

Compliance with these laws is challenging, constantly evolving

and time consuming and federal 
regulators, state attorneys general and plaintiff’s attorneys have been and will

likely continue to be active in this 
space.

We may incur substantial expense in complying with legal obligations to be imposed by new regulations 
and we may be required to make significant changes to our solutions and

expanding business operations, all of 
which may adversely affect our operations. 
We also sell products and services that health care providers, such as physicians and dentists, use to store and 
manage patient medical or dental records.

These customers and we are subject to laws, regulations and

industry 
standards, such as HIPAA and the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards, which require the protection of 
the privacy and security of those records.

Our products or services may be used as part of these customers’ 
comprehensive data security programs, including in connection with their

efforts to comply with applicable data 
privacy and security laws and contractual requirements.

Perceived or actual security vulnerabilities in our products 
or services, or the perceived or actual failure by us or our customers who

use our products or services to comply 
with applicable legal or contractual data privacy and security requirements,

may not only cause us significant 
reputational harm, but may also lead to claims against us by our customers

and/or governmental agencies and 
involve substantial fines, penalties and other liabilities and expenses

and costs for remediation.

Additionally, under 
the GDPR, health data belong to the category of “sensitive data” and benefit

from specific protection.

Processing 
of such data is generally prohibited, except for specific exceptions. 
Certain of our businesses involve the manufacture and sale of electronic

health record (EHR) systems and other 
products linked to government supported incentive programs, where

the EHR systems must be certified as having 
certain capabilities designated in evolving standards, such as those adopted

by CMS and ONC.

In order to maintain 

Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
40 
certification of our EHR products, we must satisfy the changing governmental

standards.

If any other EHR systems 
do not meet these standards, yet have been relied upon by health care providers

to receive federal incentive 
payments, we may be exposed to risk, such as under federal health care

fraud and abuse laws, including the False 
Claims Act.

Additionally, effective September 1, 2023, the HHS-OIG issued a final rule implementing civil money 
penalties for information blocking as established by the Cures Act.

OIG incorporated regulations published by 
ONC as the basis for enforcing information blocking penalties.

Each information blocking violation carries a $1 
million penalty.

While we believe we are substantially in compliance with such certifications

and with applicable 
fraud and abuse laws and regulations and that we have adequate compliance

programs and controls in place to 
ensure substantial compliance, we cannot predict whether changes in

applicable law, or interpretation of laws, or 
resulting changes in our compliance programs and controls, could have a

material adverse effect on our business.

Moreover, in order to satisfy our customers and comply with evolving legal requirements, our products

may need to 
incorporate increasingly complex functionality, such as reporting and information blocking.

Although we believe 
we are positioned to accomplish this, the effort may involve increased costs, and

our failure to implement product 
modifications, or otherwise satisfy applicable standards, could have a

material adverse effect on our business. 
Additionally, as electronic medical devices are increasingly connected to each other and to other technology, the 
ability of these connected systems to safely and effectively exchange and use exchanged

information becomes 
increasingly important.

As a medical device manufacturer, we must manage risks including those associated with 
an electronic interface that is incorporated into a medical device. 
Tax legislation could materially adversely affect our financial results and tax liabilities.

We are subject to the tax laws and regulations of the United States federal, state and local governments, as well as 
foreign jurisdictions.

From time to time, various legislative initiatives may be proposed

that could materially 
adversely affect our tax positions.

There can be no assurance that our effective tax rate will not be

materially 
adversely affected by legislation resulting from these initiatives.

In addition, tax laws and regulations are extremely 
complex and subject to varying interpretations.

Although we believe that our historical tax positions are sound and 
consistent with applicable laws, regulations and existing precedent,

there can be no assurance that our tax positions 
will not be challenged by relevant tax authorities or that we would be

successful in any such challenge. 
We face inherent risk of exposure to product liability, intellectual property infringement and other claims in the 
event that the use of the products we sell results in injury. 
Our business involves a risk of product liability, intellectual property infringement and other claims in the ordinary 
course of business, and from time to time we are named as a defendant

in cases as a result of our distribution of 
products.

Additionally, we own and own interests in companies that manufacture certain dental and medical 
products.

As a result, we could be subject to the potential risk of product liability, intellectual property 
infringement or other claims relating to the manufacture and distribution

of products by those entities.

In addition, 
as our corporate brand business continues to grow, purchasers of such products may increasingly seek recourse 
directly from us, rather than the ultimate product manufacturer, for product-related claims.

Another potential risk 
we face in the distribution of our products is liability resulting from counterfeit

or tainted products infiltrating the 
supply chain.

In addition, some of the products that we transport and sell are

considered hazardous materials.

The 
improper handling of such materials or accidents involving the transportation

of such materials could subject us to 
liability or at least legal action that could harm our reputation.

Customs policies or legislative import restrictions could hinder the Company’s ability to import goods necessary 
to our operations on a timely basis and result in government enforcement

actions and/or sanctions. 
Government-imposed import policies and legislation regulating the

import of goods and prohibiting the use of 
forced labor or human trafficking could result in delays or the inability to import

goods in a timely manner that are 
necessary to our operations, and such policies or legislation could also

result in financial penalties, other sanctions, 
government enforcement actions and reputational harm.

Certain of our suppliers have had their ability to service 
certain markets restricted or negatively impacted because of allegations

of forced labor in their supply chain.

While 
the Company has policies against and seeks to avoid the import of goods

that are manufactured in whole or in part 

Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
41 
by forced labor or through human trafficking, as a result of legislative and governmental

policy initiatives, we may 
be subject to increasing potential delays, added costs, supply chain disruption

and other restrictions. 
GENERAL RISKS

Our business operations, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition

and liquidity may be negatively 
impacted by the effects of disease outbreaks, epidemics, pandemics, or similar wide-spread

public health 
concerns and other natural or man-made disasters, such as terrorism, civil

unrest, fire and extreme weather
.

Our business operations, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition

and liquidity may be negatively 
impacted by the effects of disease outbreaks, epidemics, pandemics, similar wide-spread

public health concerns and 
other natural or man-made disasters, such as terrorism, civil unrest, fire

and extreme weather (“disasters”).

For 
example, as a global health care solutions company, the COVID-19 pandemic and the governmental responses

to it 
had a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results

and cash flows.

The impacts 
and potential impacts from the COVID-19 pandemic included, and could include

as a result of other disasters, 
adverse impacts such as significant volatility in supply, demand and selling prices, interrupted operations of 
industries that use or manufacture the products we distribute for personal

protective equipment (PPE), test kits and 
related products, reduction in peoples’ ability and willingness to be in

public, impact of adapted business practices, 
volatility in the financial markets, and unavailability or impairment

of our manufacturing, distribution, or other 
facilities, or firmwide systems such as our IS.

Our global operations are subject to inherent risks that could materially adversely

affect our business. 
Our global operations are subject to risks that could materially adversely affect our business,

including, among 
other things:

•
difficulties and costs relating to staffing and managing foreign operations; 
•
difficulties and delays inherent in sourcing products, establishing channels of distribution

and contract 
manufacturing in foreign markets; 
•
fluctuations in the value of foreign currencies; 
•
uncertainties relating to trade agreements and international trade relationships;

•
longer payment cycles of foreign customers and difficulty of collecting receivables

in foreign jurisdictions; 
•
repatriation of cash from our foreign operations to the United States; 
•
regulatory requirements, including, without limitation, anti-bribery, anti-corruption and laws pertaining to 
the accuracy of our internal books and records; 
•
litigation risks; 
•
unexpected difficulties in importing or exporting our products and import/export

tariffs, quotas, sanctions 
or penalties; 
•
limitations on our ability under local laws to protect our intellectual

property; 
•
unexpected regulatory, legal, economic and political changes in foreign markets; 
•
changes in tax regulations that influence purchases of capital equipment; 
•
civil disturbances, geopolitical turmoil, including terrorism, war or political

or military coups; and 
•
risks associated with climate change, including physical risks such as

impacts from extreme weather events 
and other potential physical consequences, regulatory and technological

requirements, market 
developments, stakeholder expectations and reputational risk. 
Our future success is substantially dependent upon our senior

management, and our revenues and profitability 
depend on our relationships with capable personnel, as well as

customers, suppliers and manufacturers of the 
products that we distribute. 
Our future success is substantially dependent upon the efforts and abilities of

members of our existing senior 
management, particularly Stanley M. Bergman, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.

In November 2022, Mr. 
Bergman’s employment agreement was extended through December 31, 2025.

Although the Company has an 
internal succession plan for its senior leadership team, including Mr. Bergman, the loss of the services of Mr. 
Bergman could have a material adverse effect on our business.

We do not currently have “key man” life insurance 

Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
42 
policies on any of our employees.

Competition for senior management is intense, burnout and turn-over rates

are 
increasing workplace concerns, and we may not be successful in

attracting and retaining key personnel.

Additionally, our future revenues and profitability depend on our ability to maintain satisfactory relationships with 
qualified personnel, as well as customers, suppliers and manufacturers.

If we fail to maintain our existing 
relationships with such persons or fail to acquire relationships with such key

persons in the future, our business may 
be materially adversely affected. 
Disruptions in the financial markets may materially adversely

affect the availability and cost of credit to us. 
Our ability to make scheduled payments or refinance our obligations with

respect to indebtedness will depend on 
our operating and financial performance, which in turn is subject to prevailing

economic conditions and financial, 
business and other factors beyond our control.

Disruptions in the financial markets may materially adversely affect 
the availability and cost of credit to us. 
Item 1B.

Unresolved Staff Comments
We have no unresolved comments from the staff of the SEC that were issued 180 days or more preceding the end of 
our 2024 fiscal year.
Item 1C.

Cybersecurity

We rely on information systems in our business to obtain, rapidly process, analyze, manage and store customer, 
product, supplier and employee data to, among other things: maintain

and manage multiple information systems 
worldwide to facilitate the purchase and distribution of thousands of

inventory items from numerous distribution 
centers; receive, process and ship orders on a timely basis; manage the

accurate billing and collections for 
thousands of customers; process payments to suppliers and vendors; provide

products and services that maintain 
certain of our customers’ electronic medical or dental records (including

protected health information of their 
patients) and maintain and manage global human resources, compensation

and payroll systems.

For these purposes, 
we define “information systems” in a manner consistent with the definition

contained in the rules adopted by the 
SEC to mean “electronic information resources, owned or used by the

registrant, including physical or virtual 
infrastructure controlled by such information resources, or components thereof,

organized for the collection, 
processing, maintenance, use, sharing, dissemination, or disposition

of the registrant's information to maintain or 
support the registrant's operations.”

Cybersecurity Risk Management and Strategy

We have developed and implemented a cybersecurity risk mitigation strategy intended to protect our information 
systems.

Our cybersecurity risk mitigation strategy is designed

so that the Company’s cybersecurity program is 
aligned with generally accepted cybersecurity standards and frameworks,

in particular the NIST Cybersecurity 
Framework, or “NIST CSF,” and our Company is externally audited, or certified, with ISO27001 partial scope.

We maintain an Office of Cybersecurity (“OCS”), led by our Chief Information Security Officer (“CISO”), which 
oversees

the operations of our cyber risk mitigation strategy.

The OCS is a cross-functional, enterprise-wide 
management team, which continuously evaluates our global cybersecurity

program’s effectiveness and is focused 
on maintaining and protecting our information systems.

In overseeing the operations of our cyber risk mitigation 
strategy, the OCS partners with our Global Technology Solutions team, which is led by our Chief Technology 
Officer (“CTO”) and is comprised of over one hundred professionals that support our information

systems and 
operations.

Our cyber risk mitigation strategy includes 
monitoring

for and addressing risks that materialize within 
the Company’s information systems, as well as at our 
third-party

vendors, suppliers and other third-party business 
partners.

Our CISO reports to our CTO.

Our CTO,

who also serves as Senior Vice President,

has more than 30 years of 
experience leading large-scale global IT organizations and received a Bachelor of Business Administration

in 
Business Computer Information Systems and a Master of Business Administration

from Hofstra University.

See 
also