ITEM 3.

Legal Proceedings

For a discussion of Legal Proceedings, see 
Note 17 – Commitments and Contingencies

of the Notes to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements included under Item 8. 
ITEM 4.

Mine Safety Disclosures 
Not applicable. 

Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
45 
PART

II 
ITEM 5.

Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of 
Equity Securities 
Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market tier of

the Nasdaq Stock Market, or Nasdaq, 
under the symbol HSIC. 
On February 18, 2025, there were approximately 108,000 holders

of record of our common stock and the last 
reported sales price was $77.63.

A substantially greater number of holders of our common stock are “street

name” 
or beneficial holders, whose shares are held by banks, brokers and other financial

institutions. 
Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer 
Our share repurchase program, announced on March 3, 2003, originally

allowed us to repurchase up to two million 
shares pre-stock splits (eight million shares post-stock splits) of our common

stock, which represented 
approximately 2.3% of the shares outstanding at the commencement

of the program.

Subsequent additional 
increases totaling $5.9 billion, authorized by our Board, to the repurchase

program provide for a total of $6.0 billion 
(including $500 million authorized on January 27, 2025) of shares of our

common stock to be repurchased under 
this program.

Subject to market conditions and other factors, we plan to

continue to accelerate our share repurchase 
activity. 
As of December 28, 2024,

we had repurchased approximately $5.1 billion of common stock (95,814,454

shares) 
under these initiatives, with $380 million available for future common stock

share repurchases. 
The following table summarizes repurchases of our common stock

under our stock repurchase program during the 
fiscal quarter ended December 28, 2024: 
Total Number 
Maximum Number 
Total 
of Shares 
of Shares 
Number 
Average 
Purchased as Part 
that May Yet 
of Shares 
Price Paid 
of Our Publicly 
Be Purchased Under 
Fiscal Month 
Purchased (1) 
Per Share 
Announced Program 
Our Program (2) 
9/29/2024 through 11/2/2024 
564,907 
$ 
70.93 
564,907 
5,895,367 
11/3/2024 through 11/30/2024 
441,702 
71.32 
441,702 
4,975,402 
12/1/2024 through 12/28/2024 
44,530 
77.02 
44,530 
5,395,131 
1,051,139 
1,051,139 
(1) 
All repurchases were executed in the open market under our existing publicly announced authorized program. 
(2) 
The maximum number of shares that may yet be purchased under this program is determined at the end of each month based on the 
closing price of our common stock at that time.

This table excludes shares withheld from employees to satisfy minimum tax 
withholding requirements for equity-based transactions. 
Dividend Policy 
We have not declared any cash or stock dividends on our common stock during fiscal years 2024 or 2023.

We 
currently do not anticipate declaring any cash or stock dividends on our common

stock in the foreseeable future.

We intend to retain earnings to finance the expansion of our business and for general corporate purposes, including 
our share repurchase program.

Any declaration of dividends will be at the discretion of our Board and

will depend 
upon the earnings, financial condition, capital requirements, level

of indebtedness, contractual restrictions with 
respect to payment of dividends and other factors. 

Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
46 
$50
$100
$150
$200
$250
$300
December 2019
December 2020
December 2021
December 2022
December 2023
December 2024
Henry Schein, Inc.
Dow Jones US Health Care Index
NASDAQ Composite Index
Stock Performance Graph 
The graph below compares the cumulative total stockholder return

on $100 invested, assuming the reinvestment of 
all dividends, on December 28, 2019, the last trading day before the

beginning of our 2020 fiscal year, through the 
end of our 2024 fiscal year with the cumulative total return on $100

invested for the same period in the Dow Jones 
U.S. Health Care Index and the Nasdaq Stock Market Composite Index. 
COMPARISON OF 5-YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL

RETURN 
ASSUMES $100 INVESTED ON DECEMBER 28, 2019 
ASSUMES DIVIDENDS REINVESTED 
December 28, 
December 26, 
December 25, 
December 31, 
December 30, 
December 28, 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2022 
2023 
2024 
Henry Schein, Inc.

$ 
100.00 
$ 
98.86 
$ 
112.51 
$ 
119.92 
$ 
113.66 
$ 
105.70 
Dow Jones U.S. Health 

Care Index

100.00 
114.06 
141.78 
136.42 
138.99 
143.91 
NASDAQ Stock Market 

Composite Index

100.00 
143.44 
176.49 
119.01 
172.14 
227.78 
ITEM 6. 
[Reserved] 

Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
47 
ITEM 7.

Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of

Operations 
Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

In accordance with the “Safe Harbor” provisions of the Private Securities

Litigation Reform Act of 1995, we 
provide the following cautionary remarks regarding important factors

that, among others, could cause future results 
to differ materially from the forward-looking statements, expectations and assumptions

expressed or implied herein.

All forward-looking statements made by us are subject to risks and uncertainties

and are not guarantees of future 
performance.

These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown

risks, uncertainties and other factors 
that may cause our actual results, performance and achievements

or industry results to be materially different from 
any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied

by such forward-looking statements.

These 
statements are generally identified by the use of such terms as “may,” “could,” “expect,” “intend,” “believe,” 
“plan,” “estimate,” “forecast,” “project,” “anticipate,” “to be,” “to

make” or other comparable terms. Factors that 
could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to,

those discussed in this Annual Report 
on Form 10-K, and in particular the risks discussed under the caption

“Risk Factors” in Item 1A of this report and 
those that may be discussed in other documents we file with

the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). 
Risk factors and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from current

and historical results 
include, but are not limited to: our dependence on third parties for

the manufacture and supply of our products and 
where we manufacture products, our dependence on third parties

for raw materials or purchased components; risks 
relating to the achievement of our strategic growth objectives; risks

related to the recently signed Strategic 
Partnership Agreement; our ability to develop or acquire and maintain

and protect new products (particularly 
technology products) and services and utilize new technologies

that achieve market acceptance with acceptable 
margins; transitional challenges associated with acquisitions, dispositions and joint ventures,

including the failure to 
achieve anticipated synergies/benefits, as well as significant demands on our operations,

information systems, legal, 
regulatory, compliance, financial and human resources functions in connection with acquisitions, dispositions and 
joint ventures; certain provisions in our governing documents that may discourage

third-party acquisitions of us; 
adverse changes in supplier rebates or other purchasing incentives;

risks related to the sale of corporate brand 
products; risks related to activist investors; security risks associated with our

information systems and technology 
products and services, such as cyberattacks or other privacy or data security

breaches (including the October 2023 
incident); effects of a highly competitive (including, without limitation, competition

from third-party online 
commerce sites) and consolidating market; changes in the health care

industry; risks from expansion of customer 
purchasing power and multi-tiered costing structures; increases in shipping costs

for our products or other service 
issues with our third-party shippers, and increases in fuel and energy costs; changes

in laws and policies governing 
manufacturing, development and investment in territories and countries

where we do business; general global and 
domestic macro-economic and political conditions, including inflation,

deflation, recession, unemployment (and 
corresponding increase in under-insured populations), consumer confidence,

sovereign debt levels, ongoing wars, 
fluctuations in energy pricing and the value of the U.S. dollar as compared to

foreign currencies, and changes to 
other economic indicators, international trade agreements; the threat

or outbreak of war, terrorism or public unrest 
(including, without limitation, the war in Ukraine, the Israel-Gaza war and other

unrest and threats in the Middle 
East and the possibility of a wider European or global conflict); changes

to laws and policies governing foreign 
trade, tariffs and sanctions, or greater restrictions on imports and exports; supply

chain disruption; geopolitical 
wars; failure to comply with existing and future regulatory requirements,

including relating to health care; risks 
associated with the EU Medical Device Regulation; failure to comply

with laws and regulations relating to health 
care fraud or other laws and regulations; failure to comply with laws

and regulations relating to the collection, 
storage and processing of sensitive personal information or standards in electronic

health records or transmissions; 
changes in tax legislation, changes in tax rates and availability of certain tax

deductions; risks related to product 
liability, intellectual property and other claims; risks associated with customs policies or legislative import 
restrictions; risks associated with disease outbreaks, epidemics, pandemics

(such as the COVID-19 pandemic), or 
similar wide-spread public health concerns and other natural or

man-made disasters; risks associated with our 
global operations; litigation risks; new or unanticipated litigation developments

and the status of litigation matters; 
our dependence on our senior management, employee hiring and retention,

increases in labor costs or health care 
costs, and our relationships with customers, suppliers and manufacturers;

and disruptions in financial markets. The 
order in which these factors appear should not be construed to indicate their

relative importance or priority. 

Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
48 
We caution that these factors may not be exhaustive and that many of these factors are beyond our ability to control 
or predict.

Accordingly, any forward-looking statements contained herein should not be relied upon as a prediction 
of actual results.

We undertake no duty and have no obligation to update forward-looking statements except as 
required by law. 
Where You

Can Find Important Information 
We may disclose important information through one or more of the following channels: SEC filings, public 
conference calls and webcasts, press releases, the investor relations

page of our website (www.henryschein.com) 
and the social media channels identified on the About Media Center page of

our website. 
Recent Developments 
While the U.S. economy has experienced inflationary pressures and

strengthening of the U.S. dollar, their impacts 
have not been material to our results of operations.

Though inflation impacts both our revenues and costs, the depth 
and breadth of our product portfolio often allows us to offer lower-cost national brand solutions

or corporate brand 
alternatives to our more price-sensitive customers who are unwilling to

absorb price increases, thus positioning us 
to protect our gross profit. 
Segment Reporting
During the fourth quarter of our fiscal year ended December 28, 2024,

we revised our reportable segments to align 
with how the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer manages the business, assesses

performance and allocates 
resources.

Our revised reportable segments now consist of: (i) Global Distribution

and Value

-Added Services; (ii) 
Global Specialty Products; and (iii) Global Technology. 
Global Distribution and Value-Added Services includes distribution to the global dental and medical markets of 
national brand and corporate brand merchandise, as well as equipment and related

technical services.

This segment 
also includes value-added services such as financial services, continuing

education services, consulting and other 
services.

This segment also markets and sells under our own corporate brand,

a portfolio of cost-effective, high-
quality consumable merchandise.

Global Specialty Products includes manufacturing, marketing and sales

of dental 
implant and biomaterial products; and endodontic, orthodontic and orthopedic

products and other health care-
related products and services.

Global Technology includes development and distribution of practice management 
software, e-services, and other products, which are distributed to health

care providers. 
Cyber Incident 
In October 2023 Henry Schein experienced a cyber incident that primarily

affected the operations of our North 
American and European dental and medical distribution businesses.

Henry Schein One, our practice management 
software, revenue cycle management and patient relationship management

solutions business, was not affected, and 
our manufacturing businesses were mostly unaffected.

On November 22, 2023, we experienced a disruption of our 
ecommerce platform and related applications, which was remediated. 
During the year ended December 28, 2024, we had a sales decrease

in our dental and medical distribution 
businesses, which we believe was primarily a result of lower sales to episodic

customers following last year’s cyber 
incident.

We have a number of programs underway focused on re-establishing these customers. 
During the years ended December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, we

incurred $9 million and $11 million of 
expenses directly related to the cyber incident, mostly consisting of professional

fees.

We maintain cyber 
insurance, subject to certain retentions and policy limitations.

With respect to the October 2023 cyber incident, we 
have a $60 million insurance policy, following a $5 million retention.

During the year ended December 28, 2024, 
we submitted a claim under this policy for $60 million and received

insurance proceeds of $40 million, with the 
remaining $20 million of the claim being under review by our insurance

providers.

Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
49 
Executive-Level Overview

Henry Schein, Inc. is a solutions company for health care professionals powered

by a network of people and 
technology.

We 
believe we are the world’s largest provider of health care products and services primarily to office-
based dental and medical practitioners, as well as alternate sites of care.

We 
serve more than one million customers 
worldwide including dental practitioners, laboratories, physician practices and

ambulatory surgery centers, as well 
as government, institutional health care clinics and other alternate care clinics.

We 
believe that we have a strong 
brand identity due to our more than 93 years of experience distributing health

care products. 
We 
are headquartered in Melville, New York, employ approximately 25,000 people (of which approximately 
13,000 are based outside of the United States) and have operations or affiliates in 33 countries

and territories.

Our 
broad global footprint has evolved over time through our organic growth as well

as through contribution from 
strategic acquisitions. 
We 
have established strategically located distribution centers around

the world to enable us to better serve our 
customers and increase our operating efficiency.

This infrastructure, together with broad product and service 
offerings at competitive prices, and a strong commitment to customer service, enables

us to be a single source of 
supply for our customers’ needs. 
While our primary go-to-market strategy is in our capacity as a distributor, we also market and sell our own 
corporate brand portfolio of cost-effective, high-quality consumable merchandise products.

We 
also manufacture, 
source and sell a range of company-owned manufactured products, primarily implants,

biomaterial products, 
endodontics, handpiece and small equipment, hand instrument and repair, restoratives, orthodontics, wound

care, 
orthopedics and dental lab products.

We 
have achieved scale in these global businesses primarily through 
acquisitions, as manufacturers of these products typically do not utilize

a distribution channel to serve customers. 
During the fourth quarter of our fiscal year ended December 28, 2024, we

revised our reportable segments to align 
with how the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer manages the business, assesses performance

and allocates 
resources.

Our revised reportable segments now consist of: (i) Global Distribution

and Value

-Added Services; (ii) 
Global Specialty Products; and (iii) Global Technology. 
Global Distribution and Value-Added Services includes distribution to the global dental and medical markets of 
national brand and corporate brand merchandise, as well as equipment and related

technical services.

This segment 
also includes value-added services such as financial services, continuing education

services, consulting and other 
services.

This segment also markets and sells under our own corporate brand,

a portfolio of cost-effective, high-
quality consumable merchandise.

Global Specialty Products includes manufacturing, marketing and sales

of dental 
implant and biomaterial products; and endodontic, orthodontic and orthopedic

products and other health care-
related products and services.

Global Technology includes development and distribution of practice management 
software, e-services, and other products, which are distributed to health

care providers. 
A key element to grow closer to our customers is our One Schein initiative, which

is a unified go-to-market 
approach that enables practitioners to work synergistically with our supply chain,

equipment sales and service and 
other value-added services, allowing our customers to leverage the

combined value that we offer through a single 
program.

Specifically, One Schein provides customers with streamlined access to our comprehensive offering of 
national brand products, our corporate brand products and proprietary specialty

products and solutions (including 
implant, orthodontic and endodontic products).

In addition, customers have access to a wide range of services, 
including software and other value-added services.
Industry Overview
In recent years, the health care industry has increasingly focused on cost containment.

This trend has benefited 
distributors capable of providing a broad array of products and services at low

prices.

It also has accelerated the 
growth of DSOs, GPOs, HMOs, group practices, other managed care

accounts and collective buying groups, which, 
in addition to their emphasis on obtaining products at competitive prices,

tend to favor distributors capable of 
providing specialized management information support.

We 
believe that the trend towards cost containment has 

Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
50 
the potential to favorably affect demand for technology solutions, including software,

which can enhance the 
efficiency and facilitation of practice management. 
Our operating results in recent years have been significantly affected by strategies

and transactions that we 
undertook to expand our business, domestically and internationally, in part to address significant changes in the 
health care industry, including consolidation of health care distribution companies, health care reform, trends 
toward managed care, cuts in Medicare and collective purchasing arrangements. 
Industry Consolidation
The health care products distribution industry, as it relates to office-based health care practitioners, is fragmented 
and diverse.

The industry ranges from sole practitioners working out of

relatively small offices to group practices 
or service organizations ranging in size from a few practitioners to a large number of practitioners who have 
combined or otherwise associated their practices. 
Due in part to the inability of office-based health care practitioners to store and manage

large quantities of supplies 
in their offices, the distribution of health care supplies and small equipment to office-based health

care practitioners 
has been characterized by frequent, small quantity orders, and a need for rapid,

reliable and substantially complete 
order fulfillment.

The purchasing decisions within an office-based health care practice are typically

made by the 
practitioner or an administrative assistant.

Supplies and small equipment are generally purchased from more

than 
one distributor, with one generally serving as the primary supplier. 
The trend of consolidation extends to our customer base.

Health care practitioners are increasingly seeking to 
partner, affiliate or combine with larger entities such as hospitals, health systems, group practices or physician 
hospital organizations.

In many cases, purchasing decisions for consolidated groups

are made at a centralized or 
professional staff level; however, orders are delivered to the practitioners’ offices. 
We 
believe that consolidation within the industry will continue to

result in a number of distributors, particularly 
those with limited financial, operating and marketing resources, seeking to

combine with larger companies that can 
provide growth opportunities.

This consolidation also may continue to result in distributors seeking

to acquire 
companies that can enhance their current product and service offerings or provide

opportunities to serve a broader 
customer base. 
Our approach to acquisitions and joint ventures has been to expand our role as

a provider of products and services 
to the health care industry.

This trend has resulted in our expansion into service areas that complement

our existing 
operations and provide opportunities for us to develop synergies with, and thus strengthen, the acquired

businesses. 
As industry consolidation continues, we believe that we are positioned to

capitalize on this trend, as we believe we 
have the ability to support increased sales through our existing infrastructure, although

there can be no assurances 
that we will be able to successfully accomplish this.

We 
are focused on building relationships with decision makers 
who do not reside in the office-based practitioner setting. 
As the health care industry continues to change, we continually evaluate possible

candidates for joint venture or 
acquisition and intend to continue to seek opportunities to expand our

role as a provider of products and services to 
the health care industry.

There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully pursue

any such 
opportunity or consummate any such transaction, if pursued.

If additional transactions are entered into or 
consummated, we would incur merger and/or acquisition-related costs, and there

can be no assurance that the 
integration efforts associated with any such transaction would be successful. 
Aging Population and Other Market Influences
The health care products distribution industry continues to experience growth

due to the aging population, 
increased health care awareness, the proliferation of medical technology

and testing, new pharmacological 
treatments, and expanded third-party insurance coverage, partially offset by the effects of unemployment

on 

Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
51 
insurance coverage.

In addition, the physician market continues to benefit from the

shift of procedures and 
diagnostic testing from acute care settings to alternate-care sites, particularly

physicians’ offices. 
According to the U.S. Census Bureau’s International Database, between 2024 and 2034, the 45 and older 
population is expected to grow by approximately 10%.

Between 2024 and 2044, this age group is expected to grow 
by approximately 18%.

This compares with expected total U.S. population growth

rates of approximately 4% 
between 2024 and 2034 and approximately 6% between 2024 and 2044.

According to the U.S. Census Bureau’s International Database, in 2024 there are approximately seven million 
Americans aged 85 years or older, the segment of the population most in need of long-term care

and elder-care 
services.

By the year 2050, that number is projected to increase to approximately

17 million.

The population aged 
65 to 84 years is projected to increase by approximately 18% during

the same period. 
As a result of these market dynamics, annual expenditures for health care services

continue to increase in the 
United States.

We 
believe that demand for our products and services will grow while

continuing to be impacted by 
current and future operating, economic, and industry conditions.

The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services 
or CMS published “National Health Expenditure Data” indicating that

total national health care spending reached 
approximately $4.9 trillion in 2023, or 17.6% of the nation’s gross domestic product, the benchmark measure

for 
annual production of goods and services in the United States.

Health care spending is projected to reach 
approximately $7.7 trillion by 2032, or 19.7% of the nation’s projected gross domestic product. 
Government

Our businesses are generally subject to numerous laws and regulations that could

impact our financial performance, 
and failure to comply with such laws or regulations could have a material adverse

effect on our business.

See “