ITEM 1.

Business 
General 
Henry Schein, Inc. is a solutions company for health care professionals powered

by a network of people and 
technology.

We believe we are the world’s largest

provider of health care products and services primarily to

office-
based dental and medical practitioners, as well as alternate sites of care.

Our philosophy is grounded in our 
commitment to help customers operate a more efficient and successful business so

the practitioner can provide 
better clinical care. 
With 93 years of experience distributing health care products, we have built a vast base of small, mid-sized

and 
large customers in the dental and medical markets, serving more than one million

customers worldwide across 
dental practices, laboratories,

physician practices, and ambulatory surgery centers, as well as government, 
institutional health care clinics and other alternate care clinics.

We are headquartered in Melville, New York

and employ approximately 25,000 people.

Approximately 49% of 
our workforce is based in the United States and 51% outside of the United States.

Our operations or affiliates are 
located in 33 countries and territories.

Our broad global footprint has evolved over time through

organic growth as 
well as through the contribution from our strategic acquisitions. 
We stock a comprehensive selection of more than 300,000 branded products and Henry Schein corporate brand 
products through our main distribution centers.

Our infrastructure, including over 5.4 million square feet of space 
in 36 strategically located distribution centers and 0.5 million square

feet of space in 15 manufacturing facilities 
around the world, enables us to historically provide rapid and accurate order

fulfillment, better serve our customers 
and increase our operating efficiency.

This infrastructure, together with broad product and service offerings

at 
competitive prices, and a strong commitment to customer service, enables

us to be a single source of supply for our 
customers’ needs, which we believe is a competitive advantage. 
During the fourth quarter of our fiscal year ended December 28, 2024,

we revised our reportable segments to align 
with how the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer manages the business, assesses

performance and allocates 
resources.

Our revised reportable segments consist of: (i) Global Distribution

and Value

-Added Services; (ii) 
Global Specialty Products;

and (iii) Global Technology. 
Global Distribution and Value-Added Services includes distribution to the global dental and medical markets of 
national brand and corporate brand merchandise, as well as equipment and related

technical services.

This segment 
also includes value-added services such as financial services, continuing

education services, consulting and other 
services.

This segment also markets and sells under our own corporate brand,

a portfolio of cost-effective, high-
quality consumable merchandise.

Global Specialty Products includes manufacturing, marketing

and sales of dental 
implant and biomaterial products; and endodontic, orthodontic and orthopedic

products and other health care-
related products and services.

Global Technology includes development and distribution of practice management 
software, e-services, and other products, which are distributed to health

care providers. 

Recent Developments 
See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Recent 
Developments” herein for a discussion related to recent Company developments. 

Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
4 
Industry 
The distribution and value-added services industry, as it relates to office-based health care practitioners, is 
fragmented and diverse.

The industry ranges from sole practitioners working out

of relatively small offices to mid-
sized and large group practices ranging in size from a few practitioners to several

hundred practices owned or 
operated by dental support organizations (“DSOs”), medical group purchasing organizations

(“GPOs”), health 
maintenance organizations (“HMOs”), hospital systems or integrated delivery networks (“IDNs”). 
Due in part to the limited capacity of office-based health care practitioners

to store and manage large quantities of 
supplies in their offices, the distribution of health care supplies and small equipment

to office-based health care 
practitioners has been characterized by frequent, small quantity orders,

and a need for rapid, reliable and 
substantially complete order fulfillment.

The purchasing decisions within an office-based health care practice

are 
typically made by the practitioner, hygienist or office manager.

Supplies and small equipment are generally 
purchased from more than one distributor, with one generally serving as the primary supplier. 
The distribution and value-added services industry should benefit from

favorable long-term macro trends that 
should help stimulate patient traffic and demand for products and services.

This includes an aging population, 
increased health care awareness and the importance of preventive care,

an increasing understanding of the 
connection between good oral health and overall health, improved access

to care globally, the proliferation of 
medical technology and testing, new pharmacology treatments and

expanded third-party insurance coverage, 
partially offset by the effects of unemployment on insurance coverage and technological

improvements, including 
the advancement of software and services, prosthetic solutions and telemedicine.

In addition, the non-acute market 
continues to benefit from the shift of procedures and diagnostic

testing from acute care settings to alternate-care 
sites, particularly physicians’ offices and ambulatory surgery centers. 
We believe that consolidation within the industry will continue to result in a number of distributors, particularly 
those with limited financial, operating and marketing resources, seeking

to combine with larger companies that can 
provide growth opportunities.

This consolidation also may continue to result in distributors seeking

to acquire 
companies that can enhance their current product and service offerings or provide

opportunities to serve a broader 
customer base.

In addition, customer consolidation will likely lead to multiple locations

under common management and the 
movement of more procedures from the hospital setting to the physician

or alternate care setting, as the health care 
industry is increasingly focused on efficiency and cost containment.

This trend has benefited distributors capable 
of providing a broad array of products and services at low prices.

It also has accelerated the growth of HMOs, 
group practices, other managed care accounts and collective buying

groups such as DSOs and GPOs, which, in 
addition to their emphasis on obtaining products at competitive prices,

tend to favor distributors capable of 
providing specialized management information support.

We believe that the trend towards cost containment has 
the potential to favorably affect demand for technology solutions, including software,

which can enhance the 
efficiency and facilitation of practice management. 

Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
5 
Competition

The distribution and manufacture of health care supplies and equipment is

highly competitive.

Many of the health 
care products we sell are available to our customers from a number of suppliers.

In addition, our competitors could 
obtain exclusive rights from manufacturers to market particular products.

Manufacturers also could seek to sell 
directly to end-users, and thereby eliminate or reduce our role and

that of other distributors.

In certain parts of the 
dental end market, such as those related to dental specialty products, and

medical end market manufacturers already 
sell directly to end customers. 
In North America, we compete with other distributors, as well as several

manufacturers, of dental and medical 
products, primarily on the basis of price, breadth of product line, e-commerce

capabilities, customer service and 
value-added products and services.

In the dental distribution market, our primary competitors in the U.S. are

the 
Patterson Dental division of Patterson Companies, Inc. and Benco Dental Supply

Company.

In addition, we 
compete against a number of other distributors that operate on a national,

regional and local level.

Our primary 
competitors in the U.S. medical distribution market, which accounts

for the large majority of our global medical 
sales, are McKesson Corporation and Medline Industries, Inc., which are national

distributors.

We also compete 
with a number of regional and local medical distributors, as well as a number

of manufacturers that sell directly to 
physicians and patients in their homes. 
Outside of the U.S., we believe we are the only global distributor of supplies

and equipment to dental practices and 
our competitors are primarily local and regional companies.

We also face significant competition internationally, 
where we compete on the basis of price and customer service against

several large competitors, including the 
GACD Group, Proclinic SA, Lifco AB, Nuent Group AB, Planmeca Oy and Billericay

Dental Supply Co. Ltd., as 
well as a large number of other dental and medical product distributors and

manufacturers in international countries 
and territories we serve. 
Within Global Specialty Products,

our primary competitors include Straumann, Envista, Zimvie,

and Dentsply 
Sirona. 
With regard to our dental software, we compete against numerous companies, including the Eaglesoft

division of 
Patterson Companies, Inc., Carestream Dental LLC, Centaur Software Development

Co Pty Ltd. (d.b.a. 
dental4windows, dental4web), Open Dental Software, Inc., PlanetDDS

LLC, Good Methods Global Inc. (d.b.a. 
CareStack), Curve Dental, LLC., the NextGen division of Quality Systems,

Inc., eClinicalWorks and Epic Systems 
Corporation. In other software end markets, including revenue cycle

management, patient relationship management 
and patient demand generation, we compete with companies such as Vyne Medical, Weave Communications, Inc., 
and Solutionreach, Inc.

Many of these competitors connect to our software platforms

through our API program. 
Manufacturing and Raw Materials 
We manufacture certain of our products for our specialty businesses (oral surgery solutions including dental 
implants, endodontics, and orthopedics) at our 15 company manufacturing

sites.

We also outsource certain 
manufacturing to third parties.

We purchase our raw materials from various third-party suppliers.

No single 
supplier is material; however, raw materials may be sourced from a single supplier or a limited number

of suppliers 
for reasons of quality assurance, regulatory requirements, cost, and availability. 
We believe that we have a readily available supply of raw materials and components sourced from various 
suppliers, for our significant products. 
We may experience shortages of raw materials or purchased components.

In recent periods, we have experienced 
increased costs and shortages of purchased components, which

had a negative impact on our profit margins and on 
our sales for certain product categories, due to our inability to fully satisfy

demand. 

Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
6 
Competitive Strengths 
We have 93 years of experience in distributing products to health care practitioners resulting in strong awareness of 
the Henry Schein
®

brand.

Our competitive strengths include: 
A focus on meeting our customers’ unique needs
.

We are committed to providing customized solutions to our 
customers that are driven by our understanding of the end markets we

serve and that reflect the technology-driven 
products and services best suited for their practice needs.

We are committed to continuing to enhance these 
offerings through organic investment in our products and our teams, as well as through the acquisition

of new 
products and services that may help us better serve our customers. 
Direct sales and marketing expertise.

Our sales and marketing efforts are designed to establish and solidify 
customer relationships through personal or virtual visits by field sales representatives,

frequent direct marketing and 
telesales contact, emphasizing our broad product lines, including exclusive

distribution agreements, competitive 
prices and ease of order placement,

particularly through our e-commerce platforms.

The key elements of our direct 
sales and marketing efforts are: 
•

Field sales consultants.

Our field sales consultants, including equipment sales specialists, covering

major 
North American, European and other international markets.

These consultants complement our direct 
marketing and telesales efforts and enable us to better market, service and support

the sale of more 
sophisticated products and equipment. 
•

Marketing.

We market to existing and prospective office-based health care providers through a 
combination of owned, earned and paid digital channels, tradeshows, as well

as through catalogs, flyers, 
direct mail and other promotional materials.

Our strategies include an emphasis on educational content 
through webinars and content marketing initiatives.

We continue to enhance our marketing technology to 
improve our targeting capability and the relevance of messaging and offers. 
•

Telesales.

We support our direct marketing effort with inbound and outbound telesales representatives, 
who facilitate order processing, generate new sales through direct and frequent

contact with customers and 
stay abreast of market developments and the hundreds of new products,

services and technologies 
introduced each year to educate practice personnel. 
•

Electronic commerce solutions.

We provide our customers and sales teams with innovative and 
competitive e-commerce solutions.

We continue to invest in our e-commerce platform to offer enhanced 
content management so customers can more easily find the products

they need and to enable an engaging 
purchase experience, supported by excellent customer service.

•

Social media.

Our operating entities and employees engage our customers and

supplier partners through 
various social media platforms, which are an important element of our

communications and marketing 
efforts.

We continue to expand our social media presence to raise awareness about issues, engage 
customers beyond a sale and deliver services and solutions to specialized

audiences. 
Cost-effective purchasing
.

We believe that cost-effective purchasing is a key element to maintaining and enhancing 
our position as a competitively priced provider of health care products.

We continuously evaluate our purchase 
requirements and suppliers’ offerings and prices in order to obtain products at the

lowest possible cost.

In 2024, 
our top 10 Global Distribution and Value-Added Services suppliers and our single largest supplier accounted for 
approximately 25% and 4%, respectively, of our aggregate purchases. 
Efficient distribution
.

We distribute our products from our 36 strategically located distribution centers.

We strive 
to maintain optimal inventory levels in order to satisfy customer demand

for prompt delivery and complete order 
fulfillment.

These inventory levels are managed on a daily basis with

the aid of our management information 
systems.

Once an order is entered, it is electronically transmitted to the distribution

center nearest the customer’s 
location for order fulfillment. 

Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
7 
Broad product and service offerings at competitive prices.

We offer

a broad range of products and services to our 
customers, at competitive prices, in the following categories: 
Global Distribution and Value-Added Services 
•

Consumable merchandise and equipment.

We distribute consumable products, small equipment, laboratory 
products, large equipment, equipment repair services, branded and generic pharmaceuticals,

vaccines, 
dental specialty products, diagnostic tests, infection-control products and vitamins.

We stock a 
comprehensive selection of more than 300,000 branded products and Henry

Schein corporate brand 
products through our main distribution centers.

We also market and sell our own corporate brand portfolio 
of cost-effective, high-quality consumable merchandise products. 
•

Home health business.

We distribute homecare medical products, including incontinence, urology, ostomy, 
enteral nutrition, advanced wound, and diabetes supplies, as well as

continuous glucose monitoring devices.

These products are delivered directly to patients in their homes, providing

convenience and accessibility 
while supporting patient care and adherence to treatment plans. 
•

Value

-added products and services.

We offer a broad range of value-added solutions, including continuing 
education programs for practitioners, and consulting services.

Our suite of technology-driven tools and 
expert advisory services helps health care professionals enhance practice efficiency and improve

patient 
outcomes. 
•

Repair services.

We have 129 equipment sales and service centers worldwide that provide a variety of 
repair, installation and technical services for our health care customers.

Our technicians provide 
installation and repair services for dental handpieces,

dental and medical small equipment,

table-top 
sterilizers and large dental equipment. 
•

Financial service
s.

We offer our customers solutions in operating their practices more efficiently by 
providing access to a number of financial services and products

provided by third party suppliers (including 
non-recourse financing for equipment, technology and software

products, non-recourse practice financing 
for leasehold improvements, business debt consolidation and commercial

real estate, non-recourse patient 
financing and credit card processing) at rates that we believe are generally

lower than what our customers 
would be able to secure independently.

We also provide staffing services, dental practice valuation and 
brokerage services. 
Global Specialty Products 
•

Dental implants and digital solutions.

We develop, manufacture, market and distribute a broad portfolio of 
dental implants, prosthetic components, instruments and digital workflow

solutions for implant-based tooth 
restorations.

With research and development and manufacturing facilities in the United States, 
Switzerland, Germany, Brazil and France, we serve customers with various global and regional implant 
brands across a wide range of price segments.

Supported by our specialized sales force, we market our 
products and solutions in approximately 90 countries, directly to dental practices

and surgical specialists 
via our sales subsidiaries and our network of international third-party and

Henry Schein distribution 
partners. 
•

Biomaterials.

We market and distribute a broad portfolio of biomaterials for dental tissue 
regeneration.

The product portfolio primarily consists of a broad range of

privately branded allograft, 
xenograft, and synthetic biomaterials.

Our dedicated biomaterial specialists support our direct implant 
sales force and Henry Schein oral surgery-focused distribution channels.

•

Orthodontics.

We develop, manufacture, and distribute a comprehensive range of orthodontic products, 
including brackets, braces, aligners, and accessories.

In collaboration with leading clinicians, our research 
and development teams drive innovation to enhance patient care.

With manufacturing facilities in the 

Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
8 
Unted States, Mexico, and France, we serve dental practices in over

70 countries through our specialized 
sales force, international partners, and the Henry Schein distribution

network. 
•

Endodontics
.

We develop, manufacture, market and distribute a complete portfolio of endodontic products 
across multiple brands catering to both endodontic specialists and general

practitioners.

This includes 
stainless steel and NiTi shaping files, irrigation solutions, endodontic power equipment, sealers,

and root 
repair materials.

Leveraging our research and development and manufacturing facilities

in the United 
States, Switzerland, and Brazil we focus on delivering meaningful

innovation to help advance endodontic 
care, provide advanced training and education through a network of training

centers and digital services, 
and serve our customers through multiple brands and multiple channels

addressing all segments of the 
market.

By investing in dedicated endo-specific competencies and resources

to support our different sales 
channels, we are successfully marketing our products and brands

in over 90 countries. 
•

Orthopedics
.

We develop, manufacture and distribute innovative implants and instruments that are 
designed to treat injuries, diseases and disorders of the limbs, joints

and related tissues in the upper and 
lower extremities.

We also provide surgical accessories, including blades, burs, drills, a variety of pins and 
wires to support orthopedic surgical procedures, and a portfolio of specialized instruments

designed to 
simplify implant removal and preserve patient bone-stock during

revision arthroplasty procedures.

We 
employ an extensive global network of independent sales agencies

and direct sales specialists, and we 
partner closely with IDNs and GPOs.

The majority of our revenue is generated in the United States market, 
with the remaining revenue coming from Canada and countries in Latin America,

Europe and Asia Pacific 
region. 
•

Other.

We also source or manufacture other medical and dental health care products and services that are 
sold to customers, including handpiece and small equipment, rotary, hand instruments, and repair services, 
restoratives and preventives, as well as certain other health care-related

consumable merchandise products 
and services.

Global Technology 
•

We sell practice management, business analytics, patient engagement and patient demand creation software 
solutions to our dental customers.

Our practice management solutions provide practitioners with electronic 
medical records, patient treatment history, analytics, billing, accounts receivable analyses and management, 
appointment calendars, electronic claims processing and word processing

programs, network and hardware 
services, e-commerce and electronic marketing services, e-Prescribe medications

and prescription 
solutions, sourcing third party patient payment plans, and transition services

and training and education 
programs for practitioners.

We have technical representatives supporting customers using our practice 
management solutions and services.

As of December 28, 2024, we had an active user base of approximately 100,000

practices and 321,000 
consumers, including users of AxiUm®, Dentally®, Dentrix Ascend®,

DentalVision®, Dentrix® Dental 
Systems, EXACT®, Gesden®, Jarvis Analytics®, Julie® Software, Oasis,

Officite™, OrisLine®, PBS 
Endo®, Power Practice® Px and subscriptions for Demandforce®,

Sesame, and Lighthouse 360® for 
dental practices and DentalPlans.com® for dental patients. 
Commitment to superior customer service
.

We maintain a strong commitment to providing superior customer 
service.

We frequently monitor our customer service through customer surveys, focus groups and statistical 
reports.

Our customer service policy primarily focuses on: 
•

Exceptional order fulfillment.

We ship an average of approximately 142,000 cartons daily. 
•

Comprehensive ordering process.

Customers may place orders 24 hours a day, 7 days a week via e-
commerce solutions, telephone, fax, e-mail and mail. 

Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
9 
Integrated management information systems
.

Certain of our information systems generally allow for centralized 
management of key functions, including accounts receivable, inventory, accounts payable, payroll, purchasing, 
sales, order fulfillment and financial and operational reporting.

These systems allow us to manage our growth, 
deliver superior customer service, properly target customers, manage financial

performance and monitor daily 
operational statistics. 
Products and Services 
The following table sets forth the percentage of consolidated net sales

by principal categories of products and 
services offered through our Global Distribution and Value-Added Services,

Global Specialty Products, and Global 
Technology reportable segments: 
December 28, 
December 30, 
December 31, 
2024 
2023 
2022 
Global Distribution and Value

-Added Services: 
Dental merchandise 
(1)
37.3 
% 
38.8 
% 
37.7 
% 
Dental equipment 
(2)
13.6 
13.5 
13.5 
Value

-added services 
(3)
1.8 
1.6 
1.2 
Total

Dental 
52.7 
53.9 
52.4 
Medical 
(4)
32.2 
31.7 
34.4 
Total

Global Distribution and Value

-Added Services: 
84.9 
85.6 
86.8 
Global Specialty Products 
(5)
11.4 
10.8 
10.1 
Global Technology 
(6)
5.0 
4.9 
4.3 
Eliminations 
(1.3) 
(1.3) 
(1.2) 
Total 
100.0 
% 
100.0 
% 
100.0 
% 
(1)
Includes infection-control products, handpieces, preventatives, impression materials, composites, anesthetics, teeth, dental 
implants, gypsum, acrylics, articulators, abrasives, PPE products,

and our own corporate brand of consumable merchandise. 
(2)
Includes dental chairs, delivery units and lights, digital dental laboratories, X-ray supplies and equipment, equipment repair and 
high-tech and digital restoration equipment. 
(3)
Consists of financial services on a non-recourse basis, continuing education services for practitioners, consulting and other services. 
(4)
Includes branded and generic pharmaceuticals, vaccines, surgical products, diagnostic tests, infection-control products, X-ray 
products, equipment, PPE products and vitamins. 
(5)
Includes manufacturing, marketing and sales of dental implant and biomaterial products; and endodontic, orthodontic and 
orthopedic products and other health care-related products and services. 
(6)
Consists of practice management software, e-services, and other products, which are distributed to health care providers. 

Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
10 
Business Strategy 
Our mission is to provide innovative, integrated health care products and

services; and to be trusted advisors and 
consultants to our customers - enabling them to deliver the best quality patient

care and enhance their practice 
management efficiency and profitability.

Our BOLD+1 Strategic Plan consists of the following: 
•

Build (“B”)

Complementary software, specialty, and services businesses for high growth 
•

Operationalize (“O”)

One Distribution to deliver exceptional customer experience, increased

efficiency, 
and growth 
•

Leverage (“L”)

One Schein to broaden and deepen relationships with our customers 
•

Drive (“D”)

Digital transformation for our customers and for Henry Schein 
•

+1

Create Value

for our stakeholders 
To accomplish this, we apply our competitive strengths in executing the following strategies: 
•

Increase penetration of our existing customer base.

We have over one million customers worldwide and 
we intend to increase sales to our existing customer base and enhance

or secure our position as their 
primary supplier.

We believe our offering of a broad range of products, services and support, including 
software solutions that can help drive improved workflow efficiency and patient communications

for 
practices, coupled with our full-service value proposition, helps us to retain

and grow our customer base. 
•

Increase the number of customers we serve.

This strategy includes increasing the productivity of our field 
sales consultants and telesales team, as well as using our customer

database to focus our marketing efforts 
in all of our operating segments.

In the dental business, we provide products and services to

independent 
practices, mid-market groups, and large DSOs as well as community health centers

and government sites of 
care.

Leveraging our broad array of assets and capabilities, we offer solutions to address these

new 
markets.

In the medical business, we have expanded to serve customers

located in settings outside of the 
traditional office, such as urgent care clinics, retail, occupational health and home health settings.

As 
health care settings shift, we remain committed to serving these practitioners

and providing them with the 
products and services they need. 
•

Leverage our value-added products and services.

We continue to increase cross-selling efforts for key 
product lines utilizing a consultative selling process.

We have significant cross-selling opportunities 
between our dental software users and our dental customers, and opportunities

to expand our vaccine, 
injectables and other pharmaceuticals sales to health care practitioners, as

well as cross-selling EHR 
systems and software when we sell our core products.

Our strategy extends to providing health systems, 
integrated delivery networks and other large group and multi-site health care organizations,

including 
physician clinics, these same value-added products and services.

As physicians and health systems closely 
align, we have increased access to opportunities for cross-marketing

and selling our product and service 
portfolios.

•

Pursue strategic acquisitions and joint ventures.

Our acquisition strategy is focused on investments in 
companies that add new customers and sales teams, increase our geographic

footprint (whether entering a 
new country, such as emerging markets, or building scale where we have already invested in businesses), 
and finally, those that enable us to access new products and technologies. 
Markets Served

Demographic trends indicate that our markets are growing, as an

aging U.S. population is increasingly using health 
care services.

According to the U.S. Census Bureau’s International Database, between 2024 and 2034, the 
population of people aged 45 and older is expected to grow by approximately

10%.

Between 2024 and 2044, this 
age group is expected to grow by approximately 18%.

This compares with expected total U.S. population growth 
rates of approximately 4% between 2024 and 2034 and approximately 6%

between 2024 and 2044.

Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
11 
In the dental industry, there is predicted to be a rise in oral health care expenditures as the 45-and-older segment of 
the population increases.

There is increasing demand for new technologies that allow

dentists to increase 
productivity, and this is being driven in the U.S. by lower insurance reimbursement rates.

At the same time, there is 
an expected increase in dental insurance coverage. 
In the medical market, there continues to be a migration of procedures from

acute-care settings to physicians’ 
offices and home health settings, a trend that we believe provides additional opportunities

for us.

There also is the 
continuing use of vaccines, injectables and other pharmaceuticals in alternate-care

settings.

We believe we have 
established a leading position as a vaccine supplier to the office-based physician

practitioner. 
We support our dental and medical professionals through the many SKUs that we offer, as well as through 
important value-added services, including practice management software,

electronic claims processing, financial 
services and continuing education, all designed to help maximize a practitioner’s

efficiency.

Additionally, we seek to expand our dental full-service model and medical offerings in countries where 
opportunities exist.

We do this through both direct sales and by partnering with local distribution and 
manufacturing companies. 
For information on revenues and long-lived assets by geographic area, see 
Note 4 – Segment and Geographic Data
of “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.”

Seasonality and Other Factors Affecting Our Business and Quarterly Results 
We experience fluctuations in quarterly earnings.

As a result, we may fail to meet or exceed the expectations of 
securities analysts and investors, which could cause our stock price

to decline. 
Our business is subject to seasonal and other quarterly fluctuations.

Sales and profitability generally have been 
higher in the third and fourth quarters due to the timing of sales of seasonal

products (including influenza vaccine), 
purchasing patterns of office-based health care practitioners for certain products (including

equipment and 
software) and year-end promotions.

Sales and profitability may also be impacted by the timing of

certain annual 
and biennial dental tradeshows where equipment promotions are offered.

In addition, some dental practices delay 
equipment purchases in the U.S. until year-end due to tax incentives.

We expect our historical seasonality of sales 
to continue in the foreseeable future. 
Governmental Regulations 

We 
strive to be compliant in all material respects with the applicable

laws, regulations and guidance described 
below, and believe we have effective compliance programs and other controls in place to ensure substantial 
compliance.

However, compliance is not guaranteed either now or in the future, as certain laws, regulations and 
guidance may be subject to varying and evolving interpretations that could

affect our ability to comply, as well as 
future changes, additions and enforcement approaches, including political changes.

When we discover situations of 
non-compliance we seek to remedy them and bring the affected area back into compliance.

Changes to applicable laws, regulations and guidance described below, as well as related administrative or judicial 
interpretations, may require us to update or revise our operations, services,

marketing practices and compliance 
programs and controls, and may impose additional and unforeseen costs

on us, pose new or previously immaterial 
risks to us, or may otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business. 
Government 
Certain of our businesses involve the distribution, manufacturing, importation,

exportation, marketing, sale and 
promotion of pharmaceuticals and/or medical devices, and in this regard, we

are subject to extensive local, state, 
federal and foreign governmental laws and regulations, including as applicable

to our wholesale distribution of 
pharmaceuticals and medical devices, manufacturing activities, and as part of

our specialty home medical supplies 
businesses that distribute and sell medical equipment and supplies directly

to patients.

Federal, state and certain 

Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
12 
foreign governments have also increased enforcement activity in the health care

sector, particularly in areas of fraud 
and abuse, anti-bribery and anti-corruption, controlled substances handling,

medical device regulations and data 
privacy and security standards. 
Certain of our businesses involve pharmaceuticals and/or medical devices,

including orthopaedic, in vitro 
diagnostic devices, software regulated as a medical device, and sales of

medical equipment and supplies directly to 
patients, that are paid for by third parties and/or patients and must operate in

compliance with a variety of 
burdensome and complex coding, billing and record-keeping requirements in

order to substantiate claims for 
payment under federal, state and commercial health care reimbursement programs. 
Government and private insurance programs fund a large portion of the total cost of medical care,

and there have 
been efforts to limit such private and government insurance programs, including efforts, thus far

unsuccessful, to 
seek repeal of the entire United States Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act,

as amended by the Health Care 
and Education Reconciliation Act, each enacted in March 2010 (as amended,

the “ACA”). 
Certain of our businesses are subject to various additional federal, state,

local and foreign laws and regulations, 
including with respect to the sale, transportation, importation, storage, handling

and disposal of hazardous or 
potentially hazardous substances; “forever chemicals” such as per-and

polyfluoroalkyl substances; amalgam bans; 
pricing disclosures; supply chain transparency around labor practices; and safe working

conditions.

In addition, 
activities to control medical costs, including laws and regulations lowering

reimbursement rates for 
pharmaceuticals, medical devices, medical supplies and/or medical treatments

or services, are ongoing.

For 
example, the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services’ (“CMS”) 2024 durable

medical equipment, prosthetics, 
orthotics and supplies (“DMEPOS”) reimbursement schedule, which was

effective January 1, 2024, reduced the 
DMEPOS reimbursement rates for non-rural suppliers, such as us, by removing

the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and 
Economic Security (“CARES”) Act relief rates in effect during the COVID-19 pandemic.

These and other laws 
and regulations are subject to change and their evolving implementation

may impact our operations and our 
financial performance. 
Certain of our businesses also maintain contracts with governmental agencies

and are subject to certain regulatory 
requirements specific to government contractors. 
Our businesses are generally subject to numerous laws and regulations that could

impact our financial performance, 
and failure to comply with such laws or regulations could have a material adverse

effect on our business. 
Operating, Security and Licensure Standards
Certain of our businesses are subject to local, state and federal governmental

laws and regulations relating to the 
manufacturing and/or distribution of pharmaceuticals and medical devices

and supplies.

Among the United States 
federal laws applicable to us are the Controlled Substances Act, the Federal Food,

Drug, and Cosmetic Act, as 
amended (“FDC Act”), Section 361 of the Public Health Service Act and Section

401 of the Consolidated 
Appropriations Act of the Social Security Act, as well as laws regulating

the billing of and reimbursement from 
government programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, and from commercial payers.

We 
are also subject to 
comparable foreign regulations. 
The FDC Act, the Controlled Substances Act, their implementing regulations,

and similar foreign laws generally 
regulate the introduction, manufacture, advertising, marketing and promotion,

sampling, pricing and 
reimbursement, labeling, packaging, storage, handling, returning or recalling,

reporting, and distribution of, and 
record keeping for, pharmaceuticals and medical devices shipped in interstate commerce or internationally, and 
states may similarly regulate such activities within the state.

Furthermore, Section 361 of the Public Health Service 
Act, which provides authority to prevent the introduction, transmission

or spread of communicable diseases, serves 
as the legal basis for the United States Food and Drug Administration’s (“FDA”) regulation of human

cells, tissues 
and cellular and tissue-based products, also known as “HCT/P products.” 
The Federal Drug Quality and Security Act of 2013 regulates pharmaceutical

supply chain requirements and pre-
empts certain state laws.

Title II of this measure, known as the Drug Supply Chain Security Act (“DSCSA”), 

Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
13 
establishes a national electronic, interoperable system to identify and trace

certain prescription drugs as they are 
distributed in the United States that went into effect on November 27, 2023.

The law’s track and trace requirements 
applicable to manufacturers, wholesalers, third-party logistics providers (e.g.,

trading partners), repackagers and 
dispensers (e.g., pharmacies) of prescription drugs took effect in January 2015,

and, as stated, continues to be 
implemented.

The DSCSA product tracing requirements replace the former FDA

drug pedigree requirements and 
pre-empt certain state requirements that are inconsistent with, more stringent

than, or in addition to, the DSCSA 
requirements. 
Those DSCSA requirements that were scheduled to change on November

27, 2023, and include requiring trading 
partners to provide, receive and maintain documentation about products and

ownership only “electronically” (and 
not via paper), were subject to a one-year “stabilization period” announced by

the FDA through two guidance 
documents in late August 2023.

The FDA permitted the stabilization period to accommodate an additional

year, 
until November 27, 2024, to allow trading partners to implement, troubleshoot

and mature their electronic (versus 
paper), interoperable systems, during which time the FDA did not intend to

take action to enforce the requirements 
for the interoperable, electronic, package level product tracing.

Additionally, the FDA announced that it did not 
intend to take action to enforce the portion of the FDC Act with respect

to drug product that was introduced in a 
transaction into commerce by the product’s manufacturer or repackager before November 27, 2024, and for 
subsequent transactions of such product through the product’s expiry.

The FDA stated this stabilization period was 
intended to avoid disruption to the supply chain and ensure continued patient

access to drug products as trading 
partners move towards full implementation of the DSCSA’s

enhanced drug security requirements.

The FDA again 
extended the stabilization period in late 2024 as follows: (1) manufacturers and

repackagers: May 27, 2025; (2) 
wholesale distributors: August 27, 2025; (3) dispensers with 26 or more pharmacists

and technicians: November 27, 
2025; and (4) small dispensers: November 27, 2026.

The FDA stated that these continued exemptions apply to any 
product transacted by eligible trading partners who have initiated their “systems

and processes, as described in 
section 582(g)(1) of the FD&C Act,” including electronic DSCSA data connections

with immediate trading 
partners by November 27, 2024.

The additional time extends to trading partners throughout the pharmaceutical 
distribution supply chain who subsequently engage in a transaction including such

product.

The FDA also stated 
that, for the purposes of these exemptions, eligible trading partners are those

who have initiated their systems and 
processes by successfully completing data connections with their

immediate trading partners, and those trading 
partners who initiated processes including documentation of efforts to establish data

connections, but were not able 
to fully complete these processes.

The DSCSA also establishes certain requirements for the licensing and operation

of prescription drug wholesalers 
and third-party logistics providers (“3PLs”) and includes the eventual

creation of national wholesaler and 3PL 
licenses in cases where states do not license such entities.

The DSCSA requires that wholesalers and 3PLs 
distribute drugs in accordance with certain standards regarding the recordkeeping,

storage and handling of 
prescription drugs.

The DSCSA requires wholesalers and 3PLs to submit annual reports

to the FDA, which include 
information regarding each state where the wholesaler or 3PL is licensed, the name

and address of each facility, and 
contact information.

According to FDA guidance, states are pre-empted from imposing

any licensing requirements 
that are inconsistent with, less stringent than, directly related to, or covered

by the standards established by federal 
law in this area.

Current state licensing requirements concerning wholesalers will

remain in effect until the FDA 
issues new regulations as directed by the DSCSA.

The FDA issued a proposed rule establishing wholesaler and 
3PL national standards for licensing and other requirements in February 2022,

but that rule has not yet been 
finalized.

In addition, with respect to our specialty home medical supplies business,

we are subject to certain state 
licensure laws (including state pharmacy laws), and also certain accreditation standards,

including to qualify for 
reimbursement from Medicare, Medicaid, and other third-party payers. 
The Food and Drug Administration Amendments Act of 2007 and

the Food and Drug Administration Safety and 
Innovation Act of 2012 amended the FDC Act to require the FDA to promulgate

regulations to implement a unique 
device identification (“UDI”) system for medical devices.

The UDI rule phased in the implementation of the UDI 
regulations, generally beginning with the highest-risk devices (i.e., Class

III medical devices) and ending with the 
lowest-risk devices.

The UDI regulations require “labelers” to include unique device identifiers

(“UDIs”), with a 
content and format prescribed by the FDA and issued under a system operated

by an FDA-accredited issuing 
agency, on the labels and packages of medical devices (including, but not limited to, certain software that qualifies 
as a medical device under FDA rules), and to directly mark certain devices

with UDIs.

The UDI regulations also 

Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
14 
require labelers to submit certain information concerning UDI-labeled devices

to the FDA, much of which 
information is publicly available on an FDA database, the Global Unique Device

Identification Database (GUDID).

The UDI regulations and subsequent FDA guidance regarding the UDI

requirements provide for certain exceptions, 
alternatives and time extensions.

For example, the UDI regulations include a general exception

for Class I devices 
exempt from the Quality System Regulation (other than record-keeping

requirements and complaint files).

Regulated labelers include entities such as device manufacturers, repackagers,

reprocessors and relabelers that 
cause a device’s label to be applied or modified, with the intent that the device will be commercially distributed 
without any subsequent replacement or modification of the label and include certain

of our businesses.

The FDA 
also released a final rule in February 2024 to amend, effective February 2026, certain device current

good 
manufacturing practice requirements in 21 CFR Part 820 (Quality System Regulation)

to align more closely with 
the international consensus standard (ISO 13485) specific for device quality

management systems requirements 
(QMSR) used by other countries.

As a distributor of controlled substances, we are required, under

the Controlled Substances Act, to obtain and renew 
annually registrations for our facilities from the United States Drug Enforcement

Administration (“DEA”) 
permitting us to handle controlled substances.

We 
are also subject to other statutory and regulatory requirements 
relating to the storage, sale, marketing, handling, reporting, record-keeping

and distribution of such drugs, in 
accordance with the Controlled Substances Act and its implementing regulations,

and these requirements have been 
subject to heightened enforcement activity in recent times.

We 
are subject to inspection by the DEA.

Certain of 
our businesses are also required to register for permits and/or licenses

with, and comply with operating and security 
standards of, the DEA, the FDA, the United States Department of Health

and Human Services (“HHS”), and 
various state boards of pharmacy, state health departments and/or comparable state agencies as well as comparable 
foreign agencies, and certain accrediting bodies, depending on the type of

operations and location of product 
distribution, manufacturing or sale.

These businesses include those that distribute, manufacture, relabel, and/or 
repackage prescription pharmaceuticals and/or medical devices and/or HCT/P

products, or own pharmacy 
operations, or install, maintain or repair equipment.

In addition, Section 301 of the National Organ Transplant Act, and a number of comparable state laws, impose civil 
and/or criminal penalties for the transfer of human organs, as defined in the regulations,

for valuable consideration, 
while generally permitting payments for the reasonable costs incurred

in their procurement, processing, storage and 
distribution.

We 
are also subject to foreign government regulation of such products.

The DEA, the FDA and state 
regulatory authorities have broad inspection and enforcement powers, including

the ability to suspend or limit the 
distribution of products by our distribution centers, seize or order the

recall of products and impose significant 
criminal, civil and administrative sanctions for violations of these laws and regulations.

Foreign regulations subject 
us to similar foreign enforcement powers. 
EU Regulation of Medicinal and Dental Products

European Union (“EU”) member states regulate their own health care systems,

as does EU law.

The latter regulates 
certain matters, most notably medicinal products and medical devices.

Medicinal products are defined, broadly, as 
substances or combinations of substances having certain functionalities and

may not include medical devices.

EU 
“regulations” apply in all member states, whereas “directives” are implemented

by the individual laws of member 
states.

On medicines for humans, we are regulated under Directive No. 2001/83/EC

of 6 November 2001, as amended by 
Directive 2003/63/EC of 25 June 2003, and EU Regulation (EC) No. 726/2004

of 31 March 2004.

These rules 
provide for the authorization of products, and regulate their manufacture,

importation, marketing and distribution.

It implements requirements which may be implemented without warning, as

well as a national pharmacovigilance 
system under which marketing authorizations may be withdrawn, and includes

potential sanctions for breaches of 
the rules, and on other bases such as harmfulness or lack of efficacy.

EU Regulation No. 1223/2009 of 30 November 2009 
on cosmetic products

requires that cosmetic products (which 
includes dental products) be safe for human health when used under normal

or reasonably foreseeable conditions of 
use and comply with certain obligations which apply to manufacturers,

importers and distributors.

It includes 

Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
15 
market surveillance, and non-compliance may result in the recall or withdrawal

of products, along with other 
sanctions.

In the EU, the EU Medical Device Regulation No. 2017/745 of 5 April 2017

(“EU MDR”) covers a wide scope of 
our activities, from dental material and medical devices to X-ray machines,

and certain software.

It was meant to 
become applicable three years after publication (i.e., May 26, 2020).

However, on April 23, 2020, to allow 
European Economic Area (“EEA”) national authorities, notified bodies,

manufacturers and other actors to focus 
fully on urgent priorities related to the COVID-19 pandemic, the European Council

and Parliament adopted 
Regulation 2020/561, postponing the date of application of the EU MDR by

one year (to May 26, 2021). 
The EU MDR significantly modifies and intensifies the regulatory compliance

requirements for the medical device 
industry as a whole.

Among other things, the EU MDR: 
•

strengthens the rules on placing devices on the market and reinforces surveillance

once they are available; 
•

establishes explicit provisions on manufacturers’ responsibilities

for the follow-up of the quality, 
performance and safety of devices placed on the market; 
•

improves the traceability of medical devices throughout the supply chain to the

end-user or patient through 
a unique identification number; 
•

sets up a central database to provide patients, health care professionals and

the public with comprehensive 
information on products available in the EU;

•

strengthens rules for the assessment of certain high-risk devices, such

as implants, which may have to 
undergo an additional check by experts before they are placed on the market; and 
•

identifies importers and distributors and medical device products through

registration in the EUDAMED 
database,

which comprises several modules that are not yet fully functional.

In order not to hinder the 
mandatory use of EUDAMED by the functional delay of a single module,

the new Regulation No. 
2024/1860 of 13 June 2024 has therefore amended Article 34 of the EU

MDR to organize a gradual 
commissioning of the various modules of EUDAMED, once they have been

independently audited and 
declared operational by means of a Commission notice published

in the Official Journal of the European 
Union. In this case, the obligations and requirements relating to the concerned

electronic modules of 
EUDAMED will apply six months after the date of publication of

the notice.

These changes came into 
force on July 9, 2024; and 
•

as amended by the above-mentioned Regulation No. 2024/1860,

contains specific provisions in the event of 
interruption or discontinuation of supply of a device.

In particular, the EU MDR imposes strict requirements for the confirmation that a product meets

the regulatory 
requirements, including regarding a product’s clinical evaluation and a company’s quality systems, and for the 
distribution, marketing and sale of medical devices, including post-market

surveillance.

Regulation 2023/607 of the European Parliament and of the Council of

March 15, 2023 
amending Regulations (EU) 
2017/745 and (EU) 2017/746 as regards the transitional provisions for certain medical devices and in vitro 
diagnostic medical devices

has, notably, extended the EU MDR transitional periods applicable to certain medical 
devices that have been assessed and/or certified under the Directive No.

93/42/EEC of 1993 
concerning medical 
devices 
(“EU Medical Device Directive”).

Subject to certain conditions, medical devices that (i) obtained a 
certificate under the EU Medical Device Directive from May 25, 2017,

(ii) which was still valid on May 26, 2021, 
and (iii) has not been subsequently withdrawn may, for the moment, continue to be placed on the market or put into 
service until December 31, 2027 for higher risk devices or December 31, 2028

for medium and lower risk devices. 
Nevertheless, EU MDR requirements regarding the distribution, marketing

and sale including quality systems and 
post-market surveillance have to be observed by manufacturers, importers and

distributors as of the application date 
(i.e., since May 26, 2021). 
Other EU regulations that may apply under appropriate circumstances

include EU Regulation No. 1907/2006 of 18 
December 2006 
concerning the Registration, Evaluation, Authorisation and

Restriction of Chemicals
, which 
requires importers to register substances or mixtures that they import

in the EU beyond certain quantities, and the 
EU Regulation No. 1272/2008 of 16 December 2008 
on classification, labelling and packaging of substances and 
mixtures 
(recently amended by Regulation No. 2024/2865 of October 23,

2024, whose provisions come into force 

Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
16 
on different dates), which sets various obligations with respect to the labelling and

packaging of concerned 
substances and mixtures. 
Furthermore, compliance with legal requirements has required and may in the future

require us to delay product 
release, sale or distribution, or institute voluntary recalls of, or other corrective

action with respect to products we 
sell, each of which could result in regulatory and enforcement actions, financial

losses and potential reputational 
harm.

Our customers are also subject to significant federal, state, local

and foreign governmental regulations, 
which may affect our interactions with customers, including the design and functionality

of our products. 
Antitrust and Consumer Protection 
The federal government of the United States, most U.S. states and many

foreign countries have antitrust laws that 
prohibit certain types of conduct deemed to be anti-competitive, as well as consumer

protection laws that seek to 
protect consumers from improper business practices.

At the U.S. federal level, the Federal Trade Commission 
oversees enforcement of these types of laws, and states have similar government

agencies.

Violations of antitrust 
or consumer protection laws may result in various sanctions, including criminal

and civil penalties.

Private 
plaintiffs may also bring civil lawsuits against us in the United States for alleged antitrust

law violations, including 
claims for treble damages.

EU law also regulates competition and provides for detailed rules protecting

consumers.

Health Care Fraud 
Certain of our businesses are subject to federal and state (and similar

foreign) health care fraud and abuse, referral 
and reimbursement laws and regulations with respect to their operations.

Some of these laws, referred to as “false 
claims laws,” prohibit the submission or causing the submission of false or fraudulent

claims for reimbursement to 
federal, state and other health care payers and programs.

Other laws, referred to as “anti-kickback laws,” prohibit 
soliciting, offering, receiving or paying remuneration in order to induce the referral

of a patient or ordering, 
purchasing, leasing or arranging for, or recommending, ordering, purchasing or leasing of, items or services

that are 
paid for by federal, state and other health care payers and programs.

Certain additional state and federal laws, such 
as the federal Physician Self-Referral Law, commonly known as the “Stark Law,” prohibit physicians and other 
health care professionals from referring a patient to an entity with which

the physician (or family member) has a 
financial relationship, for the furnishing of certain designated health services

(for example, durable medical 
equipment and medical supplies), unless an exception applies.

Violations of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute or 
the Stark Law may be enforced as violations of the federal False Claims

Act. 
The fraud and abuse laws and regulations have been subject to heightened

enforcement activity over the past few 
years, and significant enforcement activity has been the result of “relators” who

serve as whistleblowers by filing 
complaints in the name of the United States (and if applicable, particular states)

under applicable false claims laws, 
and who may receive up to 30% of total government recoveries.

Penalties under fraud and abuse laws may be 
severe, including treble damages and substantial civil penalties under

the federal False Claims Act, as well as 
potential loss of licenses and the ability to participate in federal and state

health care programs, criminal penalties, 
or imposition of a corporate integrity agreement or corporate compliance

monitoring which could have a material 
adverse effect on our business.

Also, these measures may be interpreted or applied by a prosecutorial,

regulatory or 
judicial authority in a manner that could require us to make changes

in our operations or incur substantial defense 
and settlement expenses.

Even unsuccessful challenges by regulatory authorities or private

relators could result in 
reputational harm and the incurring of substantial costs.

Most states have adopted similar state false claims laws, 
and these state laws have their own penalties, which may be in addition

to federal False Claims Act penalties, as 
well as other fraud and abuse laws.

With respect to measures of this type, the United States government (among others) has expressed concerns

about 
financial relationships between suppliers, manufacturers and distributors on

the one hand and physicians, dentists 
and other health care professionals on the other.

As a result, we regularly review and revise our marketing practices 
as necessary to facilitate compliance. 
We 
also are subject to certain United States and foreign laws and regulations

concerning the conduct of our foreign 
operations, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery

Act, German anti-corruption laws 

Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
17 
and other anti-bribery laws and laws pertaining to the accuracy of our internal

books and records, which have been 
the focus of increasing enforcement activity globally in recent years. 
While we believe that we are substantially compliant with applicable fraud and

abuse laws and regulations, and 
have adequate compliance programs and controls in place to ensure substantial

compliance, we cannot predict 
whether changes in applicable law, or interpretation of laws, or changes in our services or marketing practices in 
response to changes in applicable law or interpretation of laws, or failure

to comply with applicable law, could have 
a material adverse effect on our business. 
Affordable Care Act (ACA) and Other Insurance Reform 
The ACA increased federal oversight of private health insurance plans and

included a number of provisions 
designed to reduce Medicare expenditures and the cost of health care generally, to reduce fraud and abuse, and to 
provide access to increased health coverage.

The ACA also materially expanded the number of individuals

in the 
United States with health insurance.

The ACA remains subject to ongoing legal and political challenges

that 
contribute to create uncertainty, and any outcomes of those challenges could have a significant impact on the

U.S. 
health care industry.

The federal Physician Payments Sunshine Act or Open Payments Program

(the “Sunshine Act”) imposes annual 
reporting and disclosure requirements for drug and device manufacturers and

distributors with regard to payments 
or other transfers of value made to certain covered recipients (including physicians,

dentists, teaching hospitals, 
physician assistants, nurse practitioners, clinical nurse specialists, certified

registered nurse anesthetists, and 
certified nurse midwives), and for such manufacturers and distributors

and for group purchasing organizations, with 
regard to certain ownership interests held by covered recipients in

the reporting entity.

CMS publishes information 
from these reports on a publicly available website, including amounts transferred

and physician, dentist, teaching 
hospital, and non-physician practitioner identities.

The Sunshine Act pre-empts similar state reporting laws, 
although we or our subsidiaries may be required to report under certain

state transparency laws that address 
circumstances not covered by the Sunshine Act, and some of these state laws,

as well as the federal law, can be 
unclear.

We 
are also subject to foreign regulations requiring transparency of certain

interactions between suppliers 
and their customers.

In the United States, federal and state government actions to seek to increase

health-related price transparency may 
also affect our business.

For example, CMS requires hospitals to publish online a

list of their standard charges for 
all items and services, including discounted cash prices and payer-specific and de-identified negotiated

charges, in a 
publicly accessible online file, and payers to disclose in-network negotiated

rates, including with device suppliers 
and manufacturers, and historical out-of-network allowed amounts for all

covered items and services, including 
prescription drugs. Hospitals are also required to publish a consumer-friendly

list of standard charges for certain 
“shoppable” services (i.e., services that can be scheduled by a patient in

advance) and associated ancillary services 
or, alternatively, maintain an online price estimator tool.

These requirements went into effect in three stages from 
2022 to 2024.

CMS may impose civil monetary penalties for noncompliance with

these price transparency 
requirements.

In addition to a variety of transparency measures being enacted

at the state level, the federal No 
Surprises Act (“NSA”) imposes additional price transparency requirements.

The NSA is intended to reduce the 
number of “out-of-network” patients.

This will result in fewer out-of-network payments to physicians and

other 
providers, which may cause financial stress to those providers who

are dependent on higher out-of-network fees.

The Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015 (“MACRA”),

enacted on April 16, 2015, established 
the Quality Payment Program, which modifies certain Medicare Part B payments

to “eligible clinicians,” including 
physicians, dentists and other practitioners.

Under MACRA, certain eligible clinicians are required to participate

in 
Medicare through the Merit-Based Incentive Payment System (“MIPS”) or Advanced

Alternative Payment Models, 
through which Medicare Part B is adjusted up or down based on reported

data related to quality, promoting 
interoperability, cost and improvement activities.

MIPS eligible clinicians must report performance year data by 
March 31 of the following calendar year.

Payment adjustments, based on submitted data, are applied to Medicare 
Part B claims during the performance year following data submission.

MACRA provides substantial financial 
incentives for physicians to participate in risk contracts, and to increase physician

information technology and 
reporting obligations.

MACRA continues to evolve and its implications depend on future regulatory

activity and 

Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
18 
physician activity in the marketplace.

New state-level payment and delivery system reform programs,

including 
those modeled after such federal programs, are also increasingly being rolled

out through Medicaid administrators, 
as well as through the private sector, which may further alter the marketplace and impact our business.

Recently, in addition to other government efforts to control health care costs, there has been increased scrutiny on 
drug pricing and concurrent efforts to control or reduce drug costs by Congress, the

President, executive branch 
agencies and various states.

At the state level, several states have adopted laws that require drug manufacturers 
(including relabelers and repackagers) to provide advance notice of certain

price increases and to report information 
relating to those price increases, while others have taken legislative or administrative

action to establish 
prescription drug affordability boards or multi-payer purchasing pools to reduce the cost of

prescription drugs.

At 
the federal level, section 1927 of the Social Security Act sets forth Average Sales Price (ASP) reporting 
requirements for manufacturers (including repackagers and relabelers) and

requires that manufacturers provide 
CMS with pricing information for their Part B-covered drugs no later than

30 days after the close of the previous 
quarter.

Also at the federal level, several related bills have been introduced and regulations

proposed which, if 
enacted or finalized, respectively, would impact drug pricing and related costs.

Also, at the federal level, the 
Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, among other things, requires drug manufacturers

that raise certain of their drug 
prices faster than the rate of inflation to pay rebates to Medicare, and over time will authorize

the federal 
government to negotiate directly with drug manufacturers to lower the

prices of certain brand-name drugs covered 
by Medicare.

These various evolving efforts create uncertainty and may adversely affect our business.

As a result of political, economic and regulatory influences, the health care distribution

industry in the United 
States is under intense scrutiny and subject to fundamental changes.

We 
cannot predict what further reform 
proposals, if any, will be adopted, when they may be adopted, or what impact they may have on us. 
EU Directive on the pricing and reimbursement of medicinal products

EU law provides for the regulation of the pricing of medicinal products which are

implemented by EU member 
states (Directive No. 89/105/EC of 21 December 1988 
relating to the transparency of measures regulating the 
pricing of medicinal products for human use and their inclusion in the scope of national health insurance

systems
).

Member states may, subject notably to transparency conditions and to the statement of reasons based upon 
objective and verifiable criteria, regulate the price charged (or its increases) for authorized

medicines and their level 
of reimbursement, or they may freeze prices, place controls on the profitability

of persons responsible for placing 
medicinal products on the market, and include or exclude the medicine on

the list of products covered by national 
health insurance systems.

EU law does not expressly include provisions like those of the Sunshine Act in

the United States, but a growing 
number of EU member states (such as France in 2011 and Italy in 2022) have enacted laws to increase

the 
transparency of relationships in the health care sector.

The scope of these laws varies from one member state to 
another and may, for example, include the relations between health care industry players and physicians or their 
associations, students preparing for medical professions or their associations,

teachers, health establishments or 
publishers of prescription and dispensing assistance software. 
Regulated Software; Electronic Health Records; Privacy 
The FDA has become increasingly active in addressing the regulation of

computer software and digital health 
products intended for use in health care settings, including, for

example, most recently, with respect to artificial 
intelligence and machine learning-enabled medical devices, and the

cybersecurity of medical devices.

Certain of 
our businesses involve the development and sale of software and related

products, including to support physician 
and dental practice management, and it is possible that the FDA or foreign

government authorities could determine 
that one or more of our products is a medical device, which could subject us

or one or more of our businesses to 
substantial additional requirements with respect to these products. 
In addition, our businesses that involve physician and dental practice management

products, our specialty home 
medical supplies business, and our self-insured health plans include electronic

information technology systems that 
store and process personal health, clinical, financial and other sensitive information

of individuals.

These 

Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
19 
information technology systems may be vulnerable to breakdown, wrongful

intrusions, data breaches and malicious 
attack, which could require us to expend significant resources to eliminate

these problems and address related 
security concerns and could involve claims against us by private parties and/or

governmental agencies.

For 
example, we are directly or indirectly subject to numerous and evolving

federal, state, local and foreign laws and 
regulations that protect the privacy and security of personal information,

such as the federal Health Insurance 
Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended, and implementing

regulations (“HIPAA”) under which 
parts of our business are covered entities or business associates, the Controlling

the Assault of Non-Solicited 
Pornography and Marketing Act (“CAN-SPAM”), the Telephone

Consumer Protection Act of 1991 (“TCPA”), 
Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act (“FTC Act”), the California Privacy Act (“CCPA”), various other 
state comprehensive and health data-specific privacy laws that have or will soon

come into effect, and several 
privacy bills have been proposed both at the federal and state level that may

result in additional legal requirements 
that impact our business.

Laws and regulations relating to privacy and data protection are

continually evolving and 
subject to potentially differing interpretations, including those relating to artificial

intelligence, the proliferation of 
which may result in additional regulation.

These requirements may not be harmonized, may be interpreted and 
applied in a manner that is inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another or

may conflict with other rules or our 
practices.

In addition, cybersecurity laws such as the federal Cyber Incident

Reporting for Critical Infrastructure 
Act of 2022, proposed Federal Acquisition Regulations, and amendments

to SEC reporting requirements may 
require us to provide notifications about cybersecurity incidents in limited

timeframes and before investigations are 
complete.

Our businesses’ failure to comply with these laws and regulations could

expose us to breach of contract 
claims, substantial fines, penalties and other liabilities and expenses, costs for

remediation and harm to our 
reputation.

Also, evolving laws and regulations in this area could restrict the

ability of our customers to obtain, use 
or disseminate patient information, or could require us to incur significant

additional costs to re-design our products 
to reflect these legal requirements, which could have a material adverse effect on our

operations.

Also, the European Parliament and the Council of the EU adopted the pan-European

General Data Protection 
Regulation (“GDPR”), effective from May 25, 2018, which increased privacy rights

for individuals (“Data 
Subjects”), including individuals who are our customers, suppliers and

employees.

The GDPR extended the scope 
of responsibilities for data controllers and data processors, and generally

imposes increased requirements and 
potential penalties on companies, such as us, that are either established in

the EU and process personal data of Data 
Subjects (regardless the Data Subject location), or that are not established

in the EU but that offer goods or services 
to Data Subjects in the EU or monitor their behavior in the EU. Noncompliance

can result in penalties of up to the 
greater of EUR 20 million, or 4% of global company revenues (sanction

that may be public), and Data Subjects 
may seek damages.

Member states may individually impose additional requirements

and penalties regarding 
certain limited matters (for which the GDPR left some room of flexibility),

such as employee personal data.

With 
respect to the personal data it protects, the GDPR requires, among other things,

controller accountability, consents 
from Data Subjects or another acceptable legal basis to process the personal

data, notification within 72 hours of a 
personal data breach where required, data integrity and security, and fairness and transparency regarding the 
storage, use or other processing of the personal data.

The GDPR also provides rights to Data Subjects relating 
notably to information, access, rectification, erasure of the personal data and

the right to object to the processing.

Despite the UK’s exit from the EU, the UK still also has laws equivalent to the GDPR/EU data protection laws (UK 
GDPR).

Uncertainty about compliance with the GDPR and EU data protection

laws remains, with the possibility 
that data protection authorities located in different EU Member States may interpret GDPR

differently, or 
requirements of national laws may vary between the EU Member States, or guidance

on GDPR and compliance 
practices may be often updated or otherwise revised.

Any of these events will increase the complexity and costs of 
processing personal data in the UK or European Economic Area or concerning

individuals located in the UK or 
European Economic Area. 
On August 20, 2021, China promulgated the PRC Personal Information Protection

Law (“PIPL”), which took effect 
on November 1, 2021.

The PIPL imposes specific rules for processing personal information

and it also specifies 
that the law shall also apply to personal information activities carried out

outside China but for the purpose of 
providing products or services to PRC citizens.

Any non-compliance with these laws and regulations may subject 
us to fines, orders to rectify or terminate any actions that are deemed

illegal by regulatory authorities, other 
penalties, as well as reputational damage or legal proceedings against us, which

may affect our business, financial 
condition or results of operations.

The PIPL carries maximum penalties of CNY50 million or 5% of

the annual 
revenue of entities that process personal data.

Data protection laws in other countries outside of the United States 

Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
20 
are also quickly evolving, with many countries having updated, or are in the

process of updating, their laws to bring 
them more in line with the model created by GDPR.

In the United States, the CCPA, which increases the privacy protections afforded California residents, became 
effective January 1, 2020.

The CCPA establishes a privacy framework for covered businesses such as ours by, 
among other things, creating an expanded definition of personal information,

establishing new data privacy rights 
for California residents and creating a new and potentially severe statutory damages

framework for violations of the 
CCPA, as well as potentially severe statutory damages and private a right of action against businesses that suffer a 
data security breach due to their violation of a duty to implement reasonable

security procedures and practices. This 
private right of action may increase the likelihood of, and risks associated

with, data breach litigation.

In addition, 
in November 2020, California voters adopted the CPRA, which became effective

January 1, 2023 and enhances and 
strengthens regulatory requirements and individual protections that currently

exist under the CCPA. Other states 
have enacted or are considering enacting similar privacy laws, which may subject

us to additional requirements and 
restrictions that could have an impact on our business.

Comprehensive privacy laws in Colorado, Connecticut, 
Virginia, Utah, Oregon, Delaware, Montana, Texas,

Iowa, Maryland, New Jersey, New Hampshire, and Nebraska 
are now in effect, and similarly enacted broad state laws relating to privacy, data protection, and information 
security will come into effect later in 2025 and 2026, further complicating our privacy

compliance obligations 
through the introduction of increasingly disparate requirements across the

various U.S. jurisdictions in which we 
operate. Additionally, Washington

state and Nevada have enacted specific health data privacy laws, and

other states 
are considering similar legislation.

Additional states are expected to pass their own versions of data privacy

laws in 
the future.

Congress is considering legislation that may preempt some

or all of such U.S. state privacy laws, but 
which may also provide a more expansive private right of action for privacy

claims than exists under current state 
laws.

The evolving complexity of privacy and data security legislation in the United

States may complicate our 
compliance efforts and further increase our risk of regulatory enforcement, penalties,

and litigation.

While we 
believe we have substantially compliant programs and controls in place to comply

with the US state and federal 
privacy laws and applicable international privacy laws such as GDPR and PIPL,

our compliance with data privacy 
and cybersecurity laws is likely to impose additional costs on us, and we

cannot predict whether the interpretations 
of the requirements, or changes in our practices in response to new requirements

or interpretations of the 
requirements, could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
Further, countries are applying their data and consumer protection laws to AI, particularly generative

AI, and are 
considering and implementing specific legal frameworks with respect

to AI, for example the EU AI Act 2024 
(which as with the GDPR, will have extra-territorial effect).

Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with 
such requirements could have an adverse impact on our business.

Anticipated further evolution of regulations and 
legislation on this topic may substantially increase the penalties to which we

could be subject in the event of any 
non-compliance.

Compliance with these laws is challenging, constantly evolving,

and time consuming and federal 
regulators, state attorneys general and plaintiff’s attorneys have been and will likely

continue to be active in this 
space.

We 
may incur substantial expense in complying with legal obligations to

be imposed by new regulations 
and we may be required to make significant changes to our solutions and expanding

business operations, all of 
which may materially adversely affect our operations. 
We 
also sell products and services that health care providers, such as physicians

and dentists, use to store and 
manage patient medical or dental records.

These customers, and we, are subject to laws, regulations and industry 
standards, such as HIPAA and the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards, which require the protection of 
the privacy and security of those records, and our products may also be

used as part of these customers’ 
comprehensive data security programs, including in connection with their efforts to comply with

applicable privacy 
and security laws.

Perceived or actual security vulnerabilities in our products or services,

or the perceived or actual 
failure by us or our customers who use our products or services to comply

with applicable legal or contractual data 
privacy and security requirements, may not only cause us significant reputational

harm, but may also lead to claims 
against us by our customers and/or governmental agencies and involve substantial

fines, penalties and other 
liabilities and expenses and costs for remediation. 

Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
21 
Various

federal initiatives involve the adoption and use by health care

providers of certain EHR systems and 
processes.

The initiatives include, among others, programs that incentivize

physicians and dentists, through MIPS, 
to use EHR technology in accordance with certain evolving requirements,

including regarding quality, promoting 
interoperability, cost and improvement activities.

Qualification for the MIPS incentive payments requires the use 
of EHRs that are certified as having certain capabilities designated

in evolving standards adopted by CMS and the 
Office of the National Coordinator for Health Information Technology of HHS (“ONC”).

Certain of our businesses 
involve the manufacture and sale of such certified EHR systems and other products

linked to government supported 
incentive programs.

In order to maintain certification of our EHR products, we

must satisfy these changing 
governmental standards.

If any of our EHR systems do not meet these standards,

yet have been relied upon by 
health care providers to receive federal incentive payments, we may be exposed

to risk, such as under federal health 
care fraud and abuse laws, including the False Claims Act.

Additionally, effective September 1, 2023, the Office of 
the Inspector General (“OIG”) for HHS issued a final rule implementing

civil money penalties for information 
blocking as established by the Cures Act.

OIG incorporated regulations published by ONC as the basis for 
enforcing information blocking penalties.

Each information blocking violation carries up to a $1 million penalty. 
Moreover, in order to satisfy our customers, and comply with evolving legal requirements, our products may

need 
to incorporate increasingly complex functionality, such as with respect to reporting and information blocking.

Although we believe we are positioned to accomplish this, the effort may involve

increased costs, and our failure to 
implement product modifications, or otherwise satisfy applicable standards,

could have a material adverse effect on 
our business. 
Other health information standards, such as regulations under HIPAA, establish standards regarding electronic 
health data transmissions and transaction code set rules for specific electronic

transactions, such as transactions 
involving claims submissions to third party payers.

Failure to abide by these and other electronic health data 
transmission standards could expose us to breach of contract claims,

substantial fines, penalties, and other liabilities 
and expenses, costs for remediation and harm to our reputation. 
Additionally, as electronic medical devices are increasingly connected to each other and to other technology, the 
ability of these connected systems to safely and effectively exchange and use exchanged

information becomes 
increasingly important.

As a medical device manufacturer, we must manage risks including those associated with 
an electronic interface that is incorporated into a medical device. 
There may be additional legislative or regulatory initiatives in the future impacting

health care. 
E-Commerce 
Electronic commerce solutions have become an integral part of traditional health

care supply and distribution 
relationships.

Our distribution business is characterized by rapid technological

developments and intense 
competition.

The continuing advancement of online commerce requires

us to cost-effectively adapt to changing 
technologies, to enhance existing services and to develop and introduce a

variety of new services to address the 
changing demands of consumers and our customers on a timely basis, particularly

in response to competitive 
offerings. 

Through our proprietary, technologically-based suite of products, we offer customers a variety of competitive 
alternatives.

We 
believe that our tradition of reliable service, our name recognition

and large customer base built 
on solid customer relationships, position us well to participate in

this significant aspect of the distribution business.

We 
continually explore ways and means to improve and expand our

online presence and capabilities, including in 
our online commerce offerings and our use of various social media outlets. 
International Transactions 
United States and foreign import and export laws and regulations require us to

abide by certain standards relating to 
the importation and exportation of products.

We 
also are subject to certain laws and regulations concerning the 
conduct of our foreign operations, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices

Act, the U.K. Bribery Act, German 

Table of Contents
Index to Financial Statements
22 
anti-corruption laws and other anti-bribery laws and laws pertaining

to the accuracy of our internal books and 
records, as well as other types of foreign requirements similar to those

imposed in the United States. 
While we believe that we are substantially compliant with the foregoing laws

and regulations promulgated 
thereunder and possess all material permits and licenses required for the conduct

of our business, there can be no 
assurance that laws and regulations that impact our business or laws and

regulations as they apply to our customers’ 
practices will not have a material adverse effect on our business.

See “