Item 2. Properties
Our corporate offices are located at 210 Main Street West, Baudette, Minnesota 56623. The facility, which we own, includes oral solid dose, powder and liquid manufacturing and packaging, warehouse facilities, analytical, stability, and microbiological laboratory space, and employee office and mechanical space. We own a manufacturing facility that includes oral solid dose manufacturing and packaging for pharmaceutical products that must be manufactured in a fully contained environment, warehouse facilities, and employee office and mechanical space, also located in Baudette, Minnesota. We own a cold storage facility located in Baudette, Minnesota. In addition, we own a facility in East Windsor, New Jersey, which includes manufacturing, warehousing, laboratory, product development, and employee office space, which was acquired as part of the acquisition of Novitium in November 2021.
We ceased operations at our subsidiary, ANI Pharmaceuticals Canada, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company located in Oakville, Ontario, Canada as of March 31, 2023. This action is part of ongoing initiatives to capture operational synergies following our acquisition of Novitium. We have fully completed the transition of the products manufactured or packaged in Oakville to one of our three U.S.-based manufacturing sites. On November 6, 2023, ANI Pharmaceuticals Canada Inc., entered into an agreement for the sale of the Oakville, Ontario manufacturing facility. On December 22, 2023, the agreement was terminated by mutual agreement. In February 2024, the Company entered into an agreement for the purchase and sale of the Oakville site, for a purchase price of $19.2 million Canadian Dollars, or approximately $14.2 million, based on the current exchange rate. On March 28, 2024 the Company completed the sale of the Property (
see Note 4 "Restructuring Canada Operations" in the notes to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Re
port on Form 10-K). 
We currently lease office space in Princeton, New Jersey, which is our commercial headquarters, which includes certain employees in our corporate, legal, human resources, business functions, and rare disease operations. The leases will expire between 2025 and 2028. We also entered into a new lease agreement for office space in Princeton, New Jersey, which is expected to have a commencement date during 2025. The Princeton, New Jersey lease will have a remaining term of approximately 10 years.
We lease spaces for warehouse and packaging activities in East Windsor, New Jersey, and for research and development activities in Chennai, India. During 2023, we have expanded our East Windsor, New Jersey facility to accommodate additional laboratory, product development, and employee office space. 
In connection with the acquisition of Alimera, we also acquired office space in Alpharetta, Georgia. Our lease for this facility expires in December 2032 with an early termination option in December 2029 and an option to extend five years beyond December 2032.
Internationally, we lease office space in Dublin, Ireland, office space in Berlin, Germany, and office space in Hook, U.K. Our leases for the facilities in Ireland and Germany expire in August 2024 and June 2024, respectively. We entered into the Hook, UK lease in December 2024 and it expires in December 2034. We anticipate that following the expiration of these leases, we will be able to lease additional or alternative space at commercially reasonable terms. Additionally, we have an agreement to use approximately 400 square feet of office space in Lisbon, Portugal, which can be terminated with 90 days’ notice.
We consider our leased and owned properties suitable and adequate for our current and foreseeable needs.