Item 3.
Legal Proceedings
19
Item 4.
Mine Safety Disclosures
19
PART II
Item 5.
Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
19
Item 6.
[Reserved]
20
Item 7.
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
21
Item 7A.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
39
Item 8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
40
Item 9.
Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
40
Item 9A.
Controls and Procedures
40
Item 9B.
Other Information
41
Item 9C.
Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections
41
PART III
Item 10.
Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
41
Item 11.
Executive Compensation
41
Item 12.
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
42
Item 13.
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
42
Item 14.
Principal Accounting Fees and Services
42
PART IV
Item 15.
Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules
42
Item 16.
Form 10-K Summary
46
SIGNATURES
47
Table of Contents

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
In this Annual Report on Form 10-K, unless the context otherwise requires, the terms “Huron,” “Company,” “we,” “us” and “our” refer to Huron Consulting Group Inc. and its subsidiaries.
Statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K that are not historical in nature, including those concerning the Company’s current expectations about its future results, are “forward-looking” statements as defined in Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”) and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are identified by words such as “may,” “should,” “expects,” “provides,” “anticipates,” “assumes,” “can,” “will,” “meets,” “could,” “likely,” “intends,” “might,” “predicts,” “seeks,” “would,” “believes,” “estimates,” “plans,” “continues,” “goals,” “guidance,” or “outlook,” or similar expressions. These forward-looking statements reflect our current expectations about our future requirements and needs, results, levels of activity, performance, or achievements. Some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements contained herein include, without limitation: failure to achieve expected utilization rates, billing rates, and the necessary number of revenue-generating professionals; inability to expand or adjust our service offerings in response to market demands; our dependence on renewal of client-based services; dependence on new business and retention of current clients and qualified personnel; failure to maintain third-party provider relationships and strategic alliances; inability to license technology to and from third parties; the impairment of goodwill; various factors related to income and other taxes; difficulties in successfully integrating the businesses we acquire and achieving expected benefits from such acquisitions; risks relating to privacy, information security, and related laws and standards; and a general downturn or volatility in market conditions. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors, including, among others, those described under Item 1A. “Risk Factors,” that may cause actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any anticipated results, levels of activity, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. We disclaim any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events, or for any other reason.
PART I