Item 1A. Risk Factors" in this Form 10-K.
Governance
Role of the Board of Directors and Management
Our CISO and Chief Technology Officer (“CTO”) oversee the day-to-day technology and security activities.
 Our CISO has been with the firm since 2013 and has over 20 years of IT experience in various industries. He is a Certified Chief Information Security Officer from the Carnegie Mellon University executive education program, as well as a Certified Information Security Manager (CISM) and Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP). Our CTO joined the firm in 2020 with 30 years of IT experience, including over 20 years of executive level technology experience in the asset management industry.
 Both the CISO and CTO serve on the ISC.
The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors oversees our enterprise risk management, which includes cybersecurity.

The ISC provides a report on our cybersecurity program to our Board at least annually.

Other key functions of the ISC are to align the overall security strategy with business objectives and to oversee the cataloging of cybersecurity risks and assessments.
 Additional review and oversight is provided by the Enterprise Risk Committee where cybersecurity risk is vetted against other risk categories. 
Management also maintains a Vendor Oversight Committee which governs the use of third-party vendors and assesses cybersecurity risk related to those vendors.

The Enterprise Risk Committee and the Vendor Oversight Committee report their activities to the Audit Committee at least annually.
The third-party security operations center, the endpoint managed detection and response service, and third-party penetration testing vendors are overseen by the CISO.
In the event of a potential cybersecurity incident, the third-party security operations center is authorized to take preemptive action to address the incident and must promptly notify a member of the ISC.  The ISC coordinates the response to and communication of an incident in accordance with our Incident Response Plan (“IRP”) and applicable law. The IRP is designed to provide guidance for effective, efficient, and orderly response to a variety of cybersecurity incidents. The ISC is responsible for communication escalation as necessary up to and including to the Board of Directors. The IRP is periodically exercised through tabletop exercises.

48

Table of Contents

Item 2. Pr
operties.

The Company leases its principal executive offices, which are located in San Antonio, TX. In the United States, the Company also leases office space in Brooklyn, OH; Birmingham, MI; Boston, MA; Rocky River, OH; Cincinnati, OH; Charlotte, NC; Denver, CO; Clive, IA; Hanover, NH; New York, NY; Norwalk, CT; and San Francisco, CA. Outside the United States, the Company leases office space in Singapore. The Company believes its existing facilities are adequate to meet its current and future business requirements.