Item 3.

Legal Proceedings

49

Item 4.

Mine Safety Disclosures

49

PART II

Item 5.

Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

50

Item 7.

Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

53

Item 7A.

Qualitative and Quantitative Disclosures Regarding Market Risk

74

Item 8.

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

76

Item 9.

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure

122

Item 9A.

Controls and Procedures

122

Item 9B.

Other Information

122

PART III

Item 10.

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance

123

Item 11.

Executive Compensation

123

Item 12.

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters

123

Item 13.

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence

123

Item 14.

Principal Accountant Fees and Services

123

PART IV

Item 15.

Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules

124

Item 16.

Form 10‑K Summary

124

Signatures

128

2

Table of Contents

Forward‑Looking Statements

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward‑looking statements within the meaning of federal securities law. The forward‑looking statements may include, without limitation, statements concerning our current expectations, estimates, assumptions, and beliefs concerning future events, conditions, plans, and strategies that are not historical fact. Any statement that is not historical in nature is a forward-looking statement and may be identified by the use of words and phrases such as “may,” “believes,” “intends,” “seeks,” “anticipates,” “plans,” “estimates,” “expects,” “should,” “assumes,” “continues,” “could,” “will,” “future”  or similar meaning or the negative thereof and include, but are not limited to, statements regarding the proposed transaction and the outlook for Victory Capital’s or Amundi’s future business and financial performance. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors beyond Victory Capital’s and Amundi’s control and could cause Victory Capital’s and Amundi’s actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from the expected results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.

Forward‑looking statements reflect our current expectations regarding future events, results or outcomes. These expectations may or may not be realized. Although we believe the expectations reflected in the forward‑looking statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that these expectations will prove to have been correct. Some of these expectations may be based upon assumptions, data or judgments that prove to be incorrect. Such forward-looking statements can be affected by inaccurate assumptions we might make or by known or unknown risks and uncertainties.

Many factors mentioned in “