Item 1. Business
Overview 
We are a leading private mortgage insurance company serving the United States housing finance market since 1981 with a mission to help people buy a house and keep it their home. We operate in all 50 states and the District of Columbia. Our principal mortgage insurance customers are originators of residential mortgage loans who typically determine which mortgage insurer or insurers they will use for the placement of mortgage insurance written on loans they originate.  
As a private mortgage insurer, we play a critical role in the United States housing finance system. We are engaged in the business of writing and assuming residential mortgage guaranty insurance. The insurance covers a portion of the unpaid principal balance of Low Down Payment Loans (mortgage loans where the loan amount exceeds 80% of the value of the home) and protects lenders and investors against certain losses resulting from nonpayment of loans secured by mortgages, deeds of trust, or other instruments constituting a first lien on residential real estate. We facilitate the sale of mortgages to the secondary market, including to private investors as well as the Federal National Mortgage Association (“Fannie Mae”) and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (“Freddie Mac”). Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac are government-sponsored enterprises (collectively referred to as the “GSEs”). Credit protection and liquidity through secondary market sales allow mortgage lenders to increase their lending capacity, manage risk and expand financing access to prospective homeowners, many of whom are first time home buyers (“FTHBs”). 
We have a large and diverse customer base and maintain enduring relationships across the mortgage origination market, including with national banks, non-bank mortgage lenders, local mortgage bankers, community banks and credit unions. In 2024, we provided new insurance coverage to over 1,600 customers. For the full years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 we generated new insurance written (“NIW”) of $51.0 billion, $53.1 billion and $66.5 billion, respectively. Net income was $688 million, $666 million and $704 million in 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Adjusted operating income was $718 million, $676 million and $708 million for 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.  
We have a rigorous approach to writing new insurance risk based on decades of loan-level data and experience in the mortgage insurance industry. Our balance sheet is well capitalized to manage through macroeconomic uncertainty and maintain compliance with private mortgage insurer eligibility requirements (“PMIERs”) and state regulatory standards of compliance. We utilize our credit risk transfer (“CRT”) program to mitigate future loss volatility and drive efficient capital management. Our CRT program is a material component of our strategy, and we believe it helps to protect future business performance and stockholder capital under stress scenarios by transferring risk from our balance sheet to highly rated counterparties or to investors through collateralized transactions. 
Our Corporate Information 
Enact Holdings, Inc. (“EHI,” together with its subsidiaries, the “Company,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) was a wholly owned subsidiary of Genworth Financial, Inc. (“Genworth”) since EHI’s incorporation in Delaware in 2012. In September 2021, we completed a minority initial public offering (“IPO”) of 18.4% of EHI’s common stock. 
We operate a majority of our business through our primary insurance subsidiary, Enact Mortgage Insurance Corporation (“EMICO”). EMICO is an approved insurer by the GSEs. EMICO was renamed from Genworth Mortgage Insurance Corporation effective February 7, 2022. 
We also offer mortgage-related insurance and reinsurance through our wholly owned Bermuda-based subsidiary, Enact Re Ltd. ("Enact Re"). We contributed $500 million into Enact Re in 2023. As of December 31, 2024, Enact Re reinsured EMICO’s new and existing insurance in-force under quota share 
4
reinsurance agreements and invests in new business opportunities for Enact, including assumption of excess of loss reinsurance relating to GSE risk share.
Our operations also include a run-off insurance block with reference properties in Mexico (“run-off business”), which is immaterial to our results.
Our Strategy 
Our objective is to support our mission to help people buy a house and keep it their home, while leveraging our competitive strengths to maximize value for our stockholders. This strategy is based on the following priorities: 
Differentiate Enact from competitors
•
Strive to deliver best-in-class underwriting to a well-established, deep and diversified customer base.
•
Invest to increase differentiation, drive efficiencies, and enhance decision-making.
Maintain strong capital levels and earnings profile
•
Seek to maintain a strong capital position supported by robust underwriting standards, comprehensive stress testing, a conservative leverage ratio and a diversified CRT program.
•
Aim to optimize cost of capital and forward capacity across CRT channels to manage volatility, protect the balance sheet and enhance return on equity.
Deliver attractive risk-adjusted returns 
•
Write profitable new business that delivers attractive risk-adjusted returns.
•
Strive to maximize stockholder value through a disciplined capital allocation policy that supports existing policyholders, invests in attractive new business opportunities and returns excess capital to stockholders.
Our Industry 
United States Mortgage Market 
The United States residential mortgage market is one of the largest in the world and includes a range of private and government-sponsored participants. Private industry participants include mortgage banks, mortgage brokers, commercial, regional and investment banks, savings institutions, credit unions, real estate investment trusts, mortgage insurers and the GSEs. The overall United States residential mortgage market encompasses both primary and secondary markets. The primary market consists of lenders originating home loans to borrowers to support home purchases, which are referred to as purchase originations, and loans made to refinance existing mortgages, which are referred to as refinancing originations. The secondary market includes institutions buying and selling mortgages in the form of whole loans or securitized assets, such as mortgage-backed securities (“MBS”). 
GSEs 
The GSEs are the largest participants in the secondary mortgage market, buying residential mortgages from banks and other primary lenders as part of their government mandate to provide access, liquidity and stability in the United States housing finance system. According to the earnings reports of the GSEs, the GSEs held or guaranteed approximately $7.8 trillion as of September 30, 2024, or around 55%, of total United States 1-4 family residential mortgage debt according to most recent data from the Federal Reserve. The GSE charters generally require credit enhancement for Low Down Payment Loans to be eligible for purchase by the GSEs. Such credit enhancement can be satisfied if a loan is insured by a GSE-qualified insurer, the mortgage seller retains at least a 10% participation in the loan, or the seller 
5
agrees to repurchase or replace the loan in the event of a default. Private mortgage insurance satisfies the GSEs’ credit enhancement requirement and, historically, has been the preferred method lenders have utilized to meet this GSE charter requirement. As a result, the nature of the private mortgage insurance industry in the United States is driven in large part by the business practices and mortgage insurance requirements of the GSEs. In furtherance of their respective charter requirements, each GSE maintains private mortgage insurer eligibility criteria, known as PMIERs, to establish when a mortgage insurer is qualified to issue coverage that will be acceptable to the GSEs for their portfolio. For more information about the financial and other requirements of the GSEs, see “