Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including “Our batteries and our website, systems and data we maintain may be subject to intentional disruption, other security incidents or alleged violations of laws, regulations or other obligations relating to data handling that could result in liability and adversely impact our reputation and future sales.”

Governance
Our board of directors addresses the Company’s cybersecurity risk management as part of its general oversight function. 
The board of directors’ Nominating and Governance committee is responsible for overseeing Company’s cybersecurity risk management processes, including oversight and mitigation of risks from cybersecurity threats. Our Nominating and Governance committee consists of members with years of experience in cybersecurity oversight.
Our cybersecurity risk assessment and management processes are maintained by certain Company management, including the members of our Information Security Steering Committee, which meets quarterly to review cybersecurity matters. Our Information Security Steering Committee is comprised of our Chief Information Security Officer (“CISO”), CEO, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer, COO, Chief Legal Officer, Vice President of Human Resources and Vice President of Global Information Technology. 
At the management level, our 
CISO
, who reports to our Chief Information Officer (“CIO”), is responsible for overseeing the assessment and management of our material risks from cyber security threats. Our CISO has extensive experience and knowledge in cybersecurity with years of experience in leading security teams, developing security strategies, and managing risk across various industries. Our Vice President, Global Information Technology serves as our CIO, and has over 25 years of information technology and cybersecurity risk management experience, including at other public companies.
Our CISO is responsible for hiring appropriate personnel, helping to integrate cybersecurity risk considerations into the Company’s overall risk management strategy, and communicating key priorities to relevant stakeholders at our US headquarters, and each of our international subsidiary locations. Our CISO is also responsible for approving budgets, 
44
Table of Contents
helping prepare for cybersecurity incidents, approving cybersecurity processes, and reviewing security assessments and other security-related reports. The CISO works in conjunction with our Nominating and Governance Committee Chair and committee members.
Our cybersecurity incident response and vulnerability management processes are designed to escalate certain cybersecurity incidents to members of management depending on the circumstances, including our CISO and our Nominating and Governance Committee Chair and members. These officials work with the Company’s incident response team to help the Company mitigate and remediate any cybersecurity incidents of which they are notified. In addition, the Company’s incident response and vulnerability management processes include reporting to the Nominating and Governance Committee of the board of directors for certain cybersecurity incidents.

The Nominating and Governance Committee receives periodic reports from our 
CISO and Information Security
 Steering Committee concerning the Company’s significant cybersecurity threats and risks and the processes the Company has implemented to address them. The Nominating and Governance Committee also has access to the various historical reports, summaries and presentations prepared by the Information Security Steering Committee related to cybersecurity threats, risk and mitigation.