Item 3.
Legal Proceedings
41

Item 4.
Mine Safety Disclosures
41

PART II

Item 5.
Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
42

Item 6.
[Reserved]
44

Item 7.
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
44

Item 7A.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
54

Item 8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
55

Item 9.
Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
87

Item 9A.
Controls and Procedures
87

Item 9B.
Other Information
90
Item 9C. 
Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections
90

PART III

Item 10.
Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
91

Item 11.
Executive Compensation
91

Item 12.
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
91

Item 13.
Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions, and Director Independence
91

Item 14.
Principal Accountant Fees and Services
91

PART IV

Item 15.
Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules
92

Item 16.
Form 10-K Summary
94

SIGNATURES
95
Forward-Looking Statements
This report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. For this purpose, any statements contained herein that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements include those that express plans, anticipation, intent, contingencies, goals, targets or future developments or otherwise are not statements of historical fact. Without limiting the foregoing, the words “believes,” “anticipates,” “plans,” “expects,” “intends” and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations and projections about future events, and they are subject to risks and uncertainties, known and unknown, that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. The important factors discussed under the caption “Risk Factors” in this Form 10-K could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by forward-looking statements made herein. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
1
PART I