Item 3. 
Legal Proceedings
46
Item 4. 
Mine Safety Disclosures
46
PART II
Item 5. 
Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
47
Item 6. 
[Reserved]
48
Item 7. 
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
49
Item 7A. 
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
91
Item 8.
Financial Statements
92
Consolidated Balance Sheets
95
Consolidated Statements of Income
96
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss)
97
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders' Equity
98
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
100
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
102
Item 9.
Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
182
Item 9A. 
Controls and Procedures
182
Item 9B.
Other Information
185
PART III.
Item 10.
Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
186
Item 11.
Executive Compensation
186
Item 12
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters
186
Item13.
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
187
Item 14.
Principal Accounting Fees and Services
187
PART IV. 
Item15. 
Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules
188
Item 16. 
Form 10–K Summary
190
SIGNATURES
191
2
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
When we use the terms “we”, “us”, “our,” and the “Company,” we mean Eastern Bankshares, Inc., a Massachusetts corporation, and its consolidated subsidiaries, taken as a whole, unless the context otherwise indicates.
Certain statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K that are not historical facts may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”) and are intended to be covered by the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements, which are based on certain current assumptions and describe our future plans, strategies and expectations, can generally be identified by the use of the words “may,” “will,” “should,” “could,” “would,” “plan,” “potential,” “estimate,” “project,” “believe,” “intend,” “anticipate,” “expect,” “target” and similar expressions.
Forward-looking statements are based on the current assumptions and beliefs of management and are only expectations of future results. The Company’s actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements as a result of, among others, factors: 
•
changes in regional, national or international macroeconomic conditions, including changes in inflation, recessionary pressures or interest rates in the United States;
•
the possibility that future credit losses, loan defaults and charge-off rates are higher than expected due to changes in economic assumptions or adverse economic developments;
•
general business and economic conditions on a national basis and in the local markets in which we operate, including those impacting credit quality;
•
turbulence in the capital and debt markets and within the banking industry; 
•
decreases in the value of securities and other assets; 
•
decreases in deposit levels necessitating increased borrowing to fund loans, investments and other needs; 
•
competitive pressures from other financial institutions; 
•
operational risks including, but not limited to, cybersecurity incidents, fraud, natural disasters and future pandemics, including COVID-19;
•
a regulatory reform agenda implemented by the Trump administration that is significantly different from that of the Biden administration, impacting the rulemaking, supervision, examination and enforcement priorities of the federal banking agencies;
•
changes in regulation, regulatory policy, legislation, accounting standards and practices, and fiscal monetary policy, particularly in light of the shift in presidential administrations and the potential for related shifts in agency policy and leadership;
•
risks related to the Trump administration’s increased focus on widespread implementation of stablecoins and other digital assets;
•
the risk that goodwill and intangibles recorded in our financial statements will become impaired; 
•
risks related to the implementation of acquisitions, dispositions, and restructurings, including the merger with Cambridge Bancorp and Cambridge Trust Company, which is further described in Part I, Item 1 in this Annual Report on Form 10-K under “Recent Acquisitions – Bank Acquisitions,” including the risk that acquisitions may not be timely completed or at all and may not produce results at levels or within time frames originally anticipated, including due to delays in obtaining regulatory approvals or to the conditions associated with such approvals; 
•
potential risks related to the integration of Cambridge Bancorp and Cambridge Trust Company, including that revenue and expense synergies or other expected benefits may not materialize or may be more costly to achieve than anticipated and that the combined businesses may not perform as expected;
•
the risk that we may not be successful in the implementation of our business strategy; 
•
changes in assumptions used in making such forward-looking statements; and
•
other risks and uncertainties detailed in Part I, Item 1A “Risk Factors” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made. The Company does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect circumstances or events that occur after the date the forward-looking statements are made.
3
PART I