Item 1. Business 
General
We provide mortgage insurance (referred to as mortgage insurance or MI) through our wholly-owned insurance subsidiaries, National Mortgage Insurance Corporation (NMIC) and National Mortgage Reinsurance Inc One (Re One). NMIC and Re One are domiciled in Wisconsin and principally regulated by the Wisconsin Office of the Commissioner of Insurance (Wisconsin OCI). NMIC is our primary insurance subsidiary, and is approved as an MI provider by the GSEs and is licensed to write MI coverage in all 50 states and D.C. Our subsidiary, NMI Services, Inc. (NMIS), provides outsourced loan review services to mortgage loan originators and our subsidiary, Re One, historically provided reinsurance coverage to NMIC in accordance with certain statutory risk retention requirements. Such requirements have been repealed and the reinsurance coverage provided by Re One to NMIC has been commuted. Re One remains a wholly-owned, licensed insurance subsidiary; however, it does not currently have active insurance exposures. 
MI protects lenders and investors from default-related losses on a portion of the unpaid principal balance of a covered mortgage. MI plays a critical role in the U.S. housing market by mitigating mortgage credit risk and facilitating the secondary market sale of high loan-to-value (LTV) (
i.e.,
 above 80%) residential loans to the GSEs, who are otherwise restricted by their charters from purchasing or guaranteeing high-LTV mortgages that are not covered by certain credit protections. Such credit protection and secondary market sales allow lenders to increase their capacity for mortgage commitments and expand financing access to existing and prospective homeowners.
NMI Holdings, Inc. (NMIH), a Delaware corporation, was incorporated in May 2011, and we began start-up operations in 2012 and wrote our first MI policy in 2013. Since formation, we have sought to establish customer relationships with a broad group of mortgage lenders and build a diversified, high-quality insured portfolio. As of December 31, 2024, we had issued master policies with 2,086 customers, including national and regional mortgage banks, money center banks, credit unions, community banks, builder-owned mortgage lenders, internet-sourced lenders and other non-bank lenders. As of December 31, 2024, we had $210.2 billion of primary insurance-in-force (IIF) and $56.1 billion of primary risk-in-force (RIF). For the year ended December 31, 2024, we generated new insurance written (NIW) of $46.0 billion. As of December 31, 2024, we had 230 full-time and part-time employees.
We believe that our success in acquiring a large and diverse group of lender customers and growing a portfolio of high-quality IIF traces to our founding principles, whereby we aim to help qualified borrowers achieve their homeownership goals, ensure that we remain a strong and credible counter-party, deliver a high-quality customer service experience, establish a differentiated risk management approach, utilize our proprietary Rate GPS
®
 pricing platform to dynamically evaluate risk and price our policies, and foster a culture of collaboration and excellence that helps us attract and retain experienced industry leaders.
Our strategy is to continue to build on our position in the private MI market, expand our customer base and grow our insured portfolio of high-quality residential loans by focusing on long-term customer relationships, disciplined and proactive risk selection and pricing, fair and transparent claims payment practices, responsive customer service, and financial strength and profitability. 
Our common stock trades on the Nasdaq under the symbol “NMIH.”
Overview of Residential Mortgage Finance and the Role of the Private MI Industry in the Current Operating Environment
U.S. Residential Mortgage Market
According to statistics published by the U.S. Federal Reserve, the U.S. residential mortgage market is one of the largest in the world, with approximately $13 trillion of mortgage debt outstanding as of December 31, 2024, and includes both primary and secondary components. The primary market consists of lenders originating home loans to borrowers and includes loans made in connection with home purchases, which are referred to as purchase originations, and loans made to refinance existing mortgages, which are referred to as refinancing originations. The secondary market includes institutions that buy and sell mortgages in the form of whole loans or securitized assets, such as mortgage-backed securities. 
The U.S. residential mortgage market attracts and involves participation from a range of private and governmental institutions. Private industry participants include national and regional mortgage banks, money center banks, mortgage brokers, community banks, builder-owned mortgage lenders, internet-sourced lenders, commercial, regional and investment banks, savings 
5
institutions, credit unions, real estate investment trusts and other financial institutions. Government participants include government agencies such as the government MIs (
e.g.
, FHA, USDA and VA) and Ginnie Mae, as well as government-sponsored enterprises, such as Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac.
GSEs
The GSEs are the largest participants in the secondary mortgage market, buying residential mortgages from banks and other primary lenders in connection with their federal mandate to provide liquidity and promote stability in the U.S. housing finance system. The GSEs' charters prohibit them from purchasing or guaranteeing high-LTV loans unless such loans are covered by an authorized form of credit enhancement, including insurance from a GSE-approved MI company, retention by the mortgage seller of at least a 10% participation in the loan or agreement by the seller to repurchase or replace the loan in the event of a default. As the largest participants in the secondary mortgage market, the GSEs are the principal purchasers of mortgages insured by mortgage insurers, including NMIC. As a result, the private MI industry in the U.S. is driven in large part by the GSEs' demand for high-LTV loans, mortgage insurance requirements and business practices. See “
Business - U.S. Mortgage Insurance Regulation - GSE Oversight
,” below. 
Mortgage Insurance
MI protects lenders and investors from default-related losses on a portion of the unpaid principal balance of a covered mortgage and plays a central role in the U.S. housing market. MI is provided by both government MIs and private MI companies, such as NMIC, and is primarily geared toward high-LTV loans where borrowers make a down-payment that is less than 20% of the value of a home. MI helps facilitate secondary market sales of such mortgages, primarily to the GSEs, and provides lenders and investors a means to diversify and mitigate their exposure to mortgage credit risk. Such credit protection and secondary market sales allow lenders to increase their capacity for mortgage commitments and expand financing access to existing and prospective homeowners.
Competition

Our competition includes other private mortgage insurers, government MIs and other alternatives designed to eliminate the need for MI, such as piggy-back loans or front-end risk sharing arrangements that do not require private MI on loans sold to the GSEs. 
The private MI industry is highly competitive and currently consists of six active participants, including us, Arch Capital Group Ltd., Essent Group Ltd. (Essent), Enact Holdings, Inc., MGIC Investment Corporation (MGIC), and Radian Group Inc. (Radian). Private mortgage insurers generally compete based on terms of coverage, underwriting guidelines, pricing, customer service (including speed of MI underwriting and decisioning), availability of ancillary products and services (including training and loan review services), financial strength, customer relationships, name recognition and reputation, the strength of management teams and sales organizations, the effective use of technology, and innovation in the delivery and servicing of insurance products. We expect the MI market to remain competitive, with pressure for industry participants to grow or maintain their market share.
We and other private mortgage insurers also compete directly with the government MI companies, who significantly increased their share in the MI market following the 2008 financial crisis. Prior to the financial crisis, private mortgage insurers accounted for the majority of the insured mortgage origination market. During the financial crisis, the government MIs captured an increasing share of the high-LTV MI market as legacy private mortgage insurers came under significant financial stress. According to data reported by Inside Mortgage Finance, in 2007, government MIs accounted for 23% of the total insured mortgage origination market. By 2009, government MI share had peaked at approximately 82% of the total insured mortgage origination market. Government MI share has since declined and is estimated to have been 58% in 2024. Previous rate actions and product introductions continue to impact the government mortgage insurers' market share and by extension the private MI market. Although there continues to be broad policy consensus toward the need for continued and consistent private capital participation in the U.S. housing finance system, it remains difficult to predict whether the combined market share of government MIs will recede to pre-2008 levels. A range of factors influence a lender's decision to choose private over government MI, including, among others, GSE demand, policies and loan delivery pricing, mortgage insurance premium rates and other charges, loan eligibility requirements, cancelability, loan size limits and the relative ease of use of private MI products compared to government MI alternatives.
6
Products and Services
Primary Mortgage Insurance
We offer primary mortgage insurance, which provides default protection on individual mortgage loans at specified coverage percentages. Primary MI is typically written on a flow basis, whereby mortgages are insured on an individual, loan-by-loan basis at the time of origination. Primary MI can also be written on an aggregated basis, whereby each mortgage in a given loan portfolio is individually insured in a single transaction after the point of origination. 
All of our primary insurance is written on first-lien mortgage loans, with nearly all secured by owner occupied single-family homes (defined as one-to-four family homes and condominiums). We also write a small amount of primary insurance on first-lien mortgages secured by vacation properties, second homes and investment properties, although we have formal risk policies in place to limit the amount of such business we underwrite.
Lenders select specific coverage levels for each loan insured on a primary basis. For loans sold to a GSE, the coverage level must comply with the requirements established by that GSE. For other loans, lenders determine their desired coverage levels.
IIF is the unpaid principal balance of all insured loans on a given date, and RIF is the product of the coverage percentages multiplied by the IIF on such date. We expect our RIF across all policies written to approximate 25% of primary IIF; however, coverage levels will vary on an individual loan basis between 6% and 35%. Higher coverage percentages generally result in greater amounts paid per claim relative to policies with lower coverage percentages. In general, our premium rates increase as coverage levels increase.
Our maximum obligation with respect to a claim is generally determined by multiplying the selected coverage percentage by the loss amount on an insured loan. The loss amount is defined in the applicable master mortgage insurance policy (together with any related endorsements, a Master Policy) and includes, subject to certain limitations, unpaid loan principal, delinquent interest and certain expenses associated with the default and subsequent foreclosure or sale of the property securing the insured loan. See “
Business - Defaults and Claims; Loss Mitigation - Defaults and Claims
,” below for a description of our claim settlement processes.
The terms of our primary mortgage insurance coverage are governed by the applicable Master Policy, which we issue to each approved lender with which we do business. The Master Policy sets forth the terms and conditions of our MI coverage, including, among others, loan eligibility requirements, coverage terms, premium payment obligations, exclusions or reductions in coverage, rescission and rescission relief provisions, policy administration requirements, conditions precedent to payment of a claim and loss payment procedures. In March 2020, we introduced our current Master Policy (the 2020 Master Policy), which replaced our previous form (the 2014 Master Policy) for MI applications received on and after March 1, 2020. We implemented the 2020 Master Policy, in part, to provide terms of coverage that conform to the requirements of the GSEs' 2018 revised Amended and Restated Rescission Relief Principles (RRPs). The 2020 Master Policy governs the terms of coverage for NIW associated with applications received on or after March 1, 2020. NIW associated with applications received before March 1, 2020 continues to be covered under the 2014 Master Policy. The 2014 Master Policy and 2020 Master Policy (taken together, the Master Policies) are publicly available on our website. 
Upon receipt of an insurable loan, we issue a certificate of insurance that extends coverage for such loan under the applicable Master Policy. See “
Business - Underwriting
,” below for a description of our underwriting processes. Our MI coverage attaches at a loan level and remains in effect whether a mortgage is retained by the originating lender or sold, assigned or otherwise transferred in the secondary market. We generally consider the original lender or any subsequent servicer of an insured loan to be our insured or, with respect to subsequent owners and the GSEs, third-party beneficiaries under our Master Policies.
Premium payments for primary MI are the contractual responsibility of our insureds; however, depending on how the loan is structured, the premium payments may be paid by either the lender or the borrower, notwithstanding that the borrower is not a beneficiary under the terms of the policy. Policies with premium payments made by the borrower are referred to as borrower-paid mortgage insurance (BPMI) and those with premium payments made by the lender are referred to as lender-paid mortgage insurance (LPMI). Lenders may structure loans to recover LPMI premiums from borrowers, including through increases in mortgage note rates or higher origination fees.
Our premiums are based on statutory rating rules and rates that we file with various state insurance departments. We establish our premium rates based on models that assess risk across a spectrum of variables, including coverage percentages, LTV ratios, loan and property attributes, borrower debt-to-income (DTI) and credit score profiles, and market and macroeconomic conditions. We have discretion under our rates and rating rules to flex our premium rates to a limited degree, and we may choose 
7
to do so for lenders or programs that meet certain criteria. We generally cannot change premium rates on insured loans after coverage is established. 
In general, premiums are calculated as a percentage of the original principal balance of an insured loan. We have four premium plans:
•
single — entire premium is paid upfront at the time the coverage is placed; 
•
annual — premiums are paid in advance for a subsequent twelve-month period over the life of a policy;
•
monthly — premiums are paid in advance on a monthly basis over the life of the policy; and
•
Monthly Advantage
®
 — premiums are billed upon our receipt of notice of a mortgage close and then paid in arrears on a monthly basis over the life of the policy.
In general, we may not terminate MI coverage except when an insured fails to pay premiums as due or for certain material violations of our Master Policies; although, as discussed below in “
Business 
- 
Underwriting - Independent Validation and Rescission Relief
,” the terms of our Master Policies restrict our ability to rescind coverage when certain criteria are met. Insureds may cancel coverage on a loan at any time at their option or upon mortgage repayment, which may be accelerated because a borrower refinances a mortgage or sells the underlying property. GSE guidelines generally provide that a borrower on a GSE-owned or guaranteed loan meeting certain conditions may require their mortgage servicer to cancel BPMI upon the borrower's request when the principal balance of the loan is 80% or less of the property's current assessed value. The federal Homeowners Protection Act of 1998 (HOPA) also requires the automatic termination of BPMI on most current loans when the LTV ratio (based on the original value of the underlying property and original amortization schedule of the loan) is first scheduled to reach 78%. The HOPA also provides for cancellation of BPMI upon a borrower's request when the LTV ratio (based on the original value of the underlying property and original amortization schedule of the loan) is first scheduled to reach or, based on actual payments, reaches 80%, upon satisfaction of the conditions set forth in the HOPA, including that the loan be current at the time. In addition, some states impose their own MI notice and cancellation requirements on mortgage loan servicers.
Loan Review Services
We offer outsourced loan review services to mortgage originators through NMIS.

In connection with these services, NMIS reviews loan data and documentation and assesses whether individual loan applications comply with the originator's and/or GSEs' underwriting guidelines. We provide loan review services for mortgages that require MI and those that do not. Under the terms of its loan review agreements, NMIS provides customers with limited indemnification against losses for certain material loan review errors. The indemnification may be in the form of monetary or other remedies, subject to per loan and annual limits. NMIS utilizes third-party service providers to conduct individual loan 
reviews
. NMIS third parties have represented and warranted to NMIS that they comply with the requirements of the federal Secure and Fair Enforcement for Mortgage Licensing Act (SAFE Act) in all applicable jurisdictions. 
See “
Business - U.S. Mortgage Insurance Regulation - Other U.S. Regulation - SAFE Act
,” below. 
Customers 
Since our inception, we have sought to establish customer relationships with a broad group of mortgage lenders. As of December 31, 2024, we had issued Master Policies with 2,086 customers. We classify our customers into two primary categories, which we refer to as “National Accounts” and “Regional Accounts.” We consider National Accounts to be the most significant residential mortgage originators as determined by the combined volume of their own “retail” originations and insured business they acquire from “correspondents,” or other smaller mortgage originators. National Account lenders primarily sell their loans to the GSEs or, less frequently, to private label secondary markets. National Account lenders may also retain loans they originate or purchase in their portfolios. Regional Account lenders typically originate loans on a local or regional level. Some Regional Account lenders have origination platforms that span multiple regions; however, their primary lending focus is local. Regional Account lenders sell the majority of their origination volume to National Accounts; however, they may also retain loans in their portfolios or sell portions of their production directly to the GSEs.
We further define customers as “centralized” or “decentralized” based on how they manage their mortgage insurance purchasing decisions across each of their MI providers. Centralized lenders make decisions about the placement and choice of private mortgage insurance at a centralized, corporate level. Decentralized lenders make decisions about the placement and choice of private mortgage insurance at a loan level by loan production personnel, such as loan officers, processors, and underwriters. National Account lenders primarily utilize the centralized decision model and Regional Account lenders primarily utilize the decentralized decision model. There are, however, a number of National Account lenders who opt for a decentralized approach and a number of Regional Account lenders who opt for a centralized approach.
8
The GSEs, as major purchasers of conventional mortgage loans in the U.S., are the primary beneficiaries of our mortgage insurance coverage. Revenues from our customers have been generated in the U.S. only.
Customers exceeding 10% of consolidated revenues
No individual customer accounted for greater than 10% of our consolidated revenues in 2024.
Sales and Marketing
Our sales and marketing efforts are designed to help us establish and maintain high-quality customer relationships. Our sales force consists of qualified mortgage professionals that generally have well-established relationships with industry leading lenders and significant experience in both MI and mortgage lending. We structure our sales force into National Accounts that focus on relationships with national or large regional lenders, and Regional Accounts that focus on relationships with regional lenders, such as community banks, credit unions and mortgage bankers. We also maintain a dedicated customer service team, which we refer to as the Solution Center, which offers support in loan submission and underwriting services as well as risk management and technology to support our sales efforts. 
We also have a product development and marketing department that has primary responsibility for the creation, launch and management of our MI products and technological offerings, and coordination of our marketing strategy. Our marketing efforts seek to raise brand awareness through advertising and marketing campaigns, customer training programs, sponsorship of industry and educational events, and our web-based presence and proprietary mobile technology.
Underwriting 
We have established underwriting and risk management guidelines based on what we believe to be the major factors that influence the performance of mortgage credit. Our underwriting guidelines incorporate credit eligibility requirements that, among other things, restrict our coverage to mortgages that meet our thresholds with respect to borrower credit scores (FICO), maximum DTI levels, maximum LTVs and documentation requirements. Our underwriting guidelines also limit the coverage we provide for certain higher-risk mortgages, including those for cash-out refinancings, second homes or investment properties. 
We gather extensive data, perform detailed loan-level risk analysis and continuously monitor and assess trends in key macroeconomic factors such as housing prices, interest rates and employment, to refine and adapt our underwriting guidelines and pricing assumptions within the context of the current risk environment.
We evaluate loans and issue policies through two underwriting platforms: 
•
Non-Delegated
: Customers submit loan information and documentation to us so that we may individually underwrite each application to reach a decision as to whether we will insure a loan. On receipt of a non-delegated submission, we review the information, documentation and data provided by the lender to underwrite the MI application. 
•
Delegated
: We provide eligible customers who have been vetted and approved, and comply with a defined set of delegated underwriting program requirements with the ability to directly underwrite our policies and bind our coverage based on pre-established eligibility rules, approved underwriting guidelines and according to the terms of our Master Policy. We offer delegated underwriting to lenders that have a track record of originating quality mortgage loans and meet our delegated authority approval requirements. To complete the underwriting process and bind coverage, delegated lenders are required to provide us with certain loan characteristics to demonstrate such loans meet our threshold eligibility rules. Our delegated eligibility rules are programmed into our insurance management system, which provides us the ability to automatically reject policies that fail to meet threshold requirements.
Lenders elect whether to be non-delegated or delegated customers at the time they apply to become Master Policy holders. Non-delegated lenders deliver all MI applications to us on a non-delegated basis. Certain delegated lenders may choose to deliver some or all of their MI applications to us on a non-delegated basis, but retain their authority to underwrite our MI on a delegated basis. 
We employ a team of experienced underwriters who review and evaluate our non-delegated loan submissions. Our underwriters are located remotely, providing us the ability to efficiently service our customers nationwide across different time zones. We also engage third-party underwriting service providers (USPs) who provide us with incremental underwriting capacity. We train and require our USPs to follow the same processes and underwriting guidelines that our own employees follow when rendering insurance decisions.
9
We have processes in place to manage the risk associated with outsourcing a component of our underwriting function. In collaboration with our USPs' management teams, we monitor our USPs' day-to-day underwriting performance and MI decisioning. We also review the qualifications of each individual underwriter assigned by our USPs to service our account and provide them with NMI specific systems and guideline training to ensure they have the necessary training to render underwriting decisions consistent with our underwriting guidelines and credit policies. Our outsourcing agreements require our USPs to perform and provide us with the results of internal quality control reviews on a periodic basis. Individual underwriters with unacceptable performance records are monitored and generally subject to replacement with 30 days' notice. We also perform quarterly quality control reviews of a statistically relevant sample of our non-delegated underwriting decisions, including those made by our USPs.
Our business has been subject to seasonality in NIW production. Consistent with the seasonality of home sales, purchase origination volumes typically increase in late spring and peak during the summer months, leading to a rise in NIW volume during the second and third quarters of a given year. Refinancing volume, however, does not follow a set seasonal trend and instead is primarily influenced by mortgage rates. Fluctuations in refinancing volume (driven by changes in prevailing mortgage rates) may serve to mute or magnify the seasonal effect of home purchase patterns on mortgage insurance NIW.
Independent Validation and Rescission Relief
We offer post-close underwriting reviews, which we refer to as "independent validations," for both non-delegated and delegated loans, as described below. Upon satisfactory completion of an independent validation, which involves reviewing certain post-close documentation to confirm our original assessment of non-delegated loans and performing a comprehensive full-file review for delegated loans, we agree – on an accelerated basis – that we will not rescind coverage under most circumstances. We refer to such accelerated agreement as "early rescission relief." 
Our Master Policies generally provide us with the ability to rescind coverage of a loan if there are material misrepresentations, significant underwriting defects and/or fraud later identified in the origination process of such loan. When we rescind coverage of a loan, we cancel the certificate as of the original certificate effective date and return all premiums received related to the impacted loan. Rescission relief generally limits our ability to pursue rescission rights, except under certain life-of-coverage exclusions, such as fraud and pattern activity. Rescission relief also limits our ability to initiate certain investigations or to request information from our insureds. 
In September 2018, the GSEs issued revised RRPs that outline the rescission relief provisions that are generally required to be included in the master policies of GSE-approved mortgage insurers. Under our 2020 Master Policy, which incorporates the revised RRPs, a loan may be eligible for early rescission relief following our satisfactory completion of an independent validation, with no set requirement for a minimum number of timely mortgage payments by the borrower. 
Insured loans that do not qualify for early rescission relief may still achieve rescission relief based on a borrower's payment history at the 36th or 60th month, provided that certain conditions outlined in the 2020 Master Policy are satisfied. Under the 2020 Master Policy, if a lender has elected not to pursue independent validation and early rescission relief, a policy is still eligible for rescission relief if the insured loan is current at the 36-month anniversary of the inception of coverage and the borrower has had no more than two 30-day delinquencies and no 60-day or greater delinquencies during such 36-month period. The 2020 Master Policy further provides for rescission relief on or after the 60-month anniversary of the inception of coverage, provided such loan is then current and all payments due on the loan have been made with a borrower's own funds.
Lenders have the ability to select whether or not to pursue early rescission relief and subject their insured loans to our post-close independent validation processes. Non-delegated lenders who pursue independent validation are required to submit additional loan documentation post-close that allows us to independently validate such loans, including a loan's closing disclosures, note, executed mortgage, borrower authorization form and title insurance commitment. Our 2020 Master Policy provides for a "closing document exception," which permits eligible non-delegated lenders to obtain early rescission relief without post-close independent validations of qualifying loans, if the borrower makes the first 12 mortgage payments from their own funds in a timely manner. Loans from non-delegated lenders who do not pursue or submit the documentation necessary for us to complete our independent validation, and are not eligible for a closing document exception, remain eligible for 36 or 60-month rescission relief in accordance with the terms of the applicable Master Policy. 
Delegated lenders who pursue early rescission relief and subject their insured loans to our post-close independent validation process are required to submit a full file (which contains all the underwriting information and documentation otherwise required by us for a non-delegated underwrite and the above-referenced post-close documentation) after a loan's coverage effective date. We refer to our independent validation of delegated loans as our "Delegated Assurance Review" or "DAR" process. Through DAR, we assess and validate the MI underwriting process and decisions made by our delegated customers on an 
10
individual loan level basis. Loans from delegated lenders who do not pursue or submit the documentation necessary for us to complete our DAR process remain eligible for 36 or 60-month rescission relief in accordance with the terms of the applicable Master Policy. 
All loans, whether included in our post-close validation processes or not, are eligible for review under our quality control (QC) process, and such QC reviews qualify as independent validations for such loans, making them eligible for early rescission relief. 
We engage USPs to perform the majority of our delegated independent validation work and periodically assist with our non-delegated independent validation work. As with our non-delegated USPs, we review the qualifications of each individual underwriter engaged by our USPs to service our account and provide them with NMI specific systems and guideline training to ensure they have the necessary training to render independent validation decisions consistent with our underwriting guidelines and credit policies.
Policy Pricing
We utilize a proprietary risk-based pricing platform, which we refer to as Rate GPS
®
, to establish individualized premium rates for most new loans that we insure based on our modeled view of the relative risk and anticipated performance of each loan. Rate GPS
®
 considers a broad range of variables, including property type, type of loan product, borrower credit characteristics, and lender and market factors, and provides us with the ability to set and charge premium rates commensurate with the underlying risk of each loan that we insure.
We introduced Rate GPS
®
 in June 2018 to replace our previous rate card pricing system. While most of our new business is priced through Rate GPS
®
, we continue to offer a rate card pricing option to a limited number of lender customers who require a rate card for business process reasons.
Our pricing approach targets through-the-cycle returns that exceed our cost of capital. We believe that Rate GPS
®
 provides us with a more granular and analytical approach to evaluating and pricing risk, and that it enhances our ability to continue building a high-quality mortgage insurance portfolio and delivering attractive risk-adjusted returns.
Policy Servicing 
Our Policy Servicing Department is responsible for various servicing activities related to our Master Policies and certificate administration, premium billing and payment processing. Our Policy Servicing Department primarily interfaces with our insureds' mortgage loan servicers. Some insureds retain the servicing rights and responsibilities for their own loan originations, while others transfer such rights and responsibilities to third-party servicers. A residential mortgage loan servicer handles the day-to-day tasks of managing a lender's loan portfolio, including processing borrowers' loan payments, paying MI premiums to the mortgage insurer, responding to borrower inquiries, keeping track of principal and interest payments, managing escrow accounts and initiating loss mitigation and foreclosure activities. We assign servicing specialists to our servicers to assist with day-to-day transactions and monitoring of insured loans.
Over time, a servicer may change on an insured loan if the related servicing rights are transferred to a different servicer during the life of such loan. Servicing rights and responsibilities related to an insured loan may be sold, assigned or transferred, subject to all of the terms and conditions of the applicable Master Policy. Under the Master Policies, if the servicing rights for an insured loan are sold, assigned or transferred to a servicer we approve, coverage of the loan will continue. We have the right under our Master Policies to revoke approval of a servicer; if the impacted insureds wish to maintain coverage of insured loans serviced by the disapproved provider, such insureds must find another servicer that we approve.
Our policies and procedures accommodate various methods for servicers to communicate loan and certificate information to us. Our Master Policies require our insureds, typically through their servicers, to regularly provide us with reports regarding the statuses of their insured loans, including information on both current and delinquent loans. Generally, servicers submit reports to us on a monthly basis. We are currently integrated with the two largest third-party mortgage servicing systems, Black Knight Financial Services and FiServ. We are also integrated directly with certain lender customers who manage their own servicing systems. These parties' servicing platforms are used by the majority of our larger servicing accounts to exchange billing, payment and certificate level information on a daily or monthly basis. Servicers may also use our own external facing servicing website to process their servicing transactions.
11
Defaults and Claims; Loss Mitigation
Defaults and Claims

The MI claim cycle begins with the receipt of a default notice for an insured loan from a loan servicer. Generally, our Master Policies require our insureds to notify us after a loan is two payments in arrears. We include a loan in our default population and establish claim reserves on such loan when we have received notice from the servicer that as of a particular payment date, the borrower has missed the preceding two or more consecutive monthly payments. The incidence of default is affected by a variety of factors, many of which are unforeseen, including a borrowers' loss of income, unemployment, divorce, illness or death. Defaults that are not cured result in a claim to us. A default may be cured by a borrower remitting all delinquent loan payments, achieving a modification of loan terms, or refinancing the loan or selling the property and satisfying all amounts due under the loan. 
Claims result from foreclosures following uncured defaults, losses on approved pre-foreclosure short sales (short sales) or borrowers surrendering their property deeds to their lenders in lieu of foreclosure (deeds-in-lieu). A range of factors impact the frequency and severity of claims, including the macroeconomic environment, local housing prices, loan and borrower level risk profiles and the size and coverage level of a loan. If a default is not cured and we receive a claim, we refund any unearned premium collected between the date of default and the date of the claim payment.
Our claim exposure includes, subject to certain limitations, the covered portion of unpaid loan principal, delinquent interest (subject to a three-year limit) and certain expenses incurred in connection with the default and subsequent foreclosure or sale of the property securing the insured loan.
Under the terms of our Master Policies, our insureds are generally required to file claims within 60 days of the transfer of the title to a property securing an insured loan (typically through foreclosure). In the years following the 2008 financial crisis, foreclosure timelines and the average time from initial default by a borrower to MI claim submission extended due to legislation and GSE programs requiring mortgage servicers to mitigate losses by offering forbearance and loan modifications prior to pursuing foreclosure on delinquent loans.
When we approve a claim, our Master Policies give us the option to pay (i) the coverage percentage specified for a loan, with the insured retaining title to the underlying property and receiving all proceeds from an eventual sale of the property (the percentage option), (ii) the actual loss incurred by the insured upon sale of the property to a third party, if less than the percentage option, (iii) the loss an insured is reasonably expected to experience upon a future sale of the property to a third-party, or (iv) the insured's claim amount (as calculated in the applicable Master Policy) in exchange for the insured's conveyance of good and marketable title to the property to us. If we elect to receive title to a property, we will market and sell the acquired property and retain all proceeds. 
Loss Mitigation
Before paying a claim, we review loan and servicing files to determine the appropriateness of the claim submission and claim amount, and to ensure we only pay for expenses covered under the applicable Master Policy. We periodically receive claims submissions that include costs and expenses not covered by our Master Policies, such as mortgage insurance premiums, hazard insurance premiums for periods after the claim date and losses resulting from property damage that has not been repaired, and deny coverage for such items. Our Master Policies also provide us with the ability to reduce or deny a claim if the servicer did not comply with its obligations, including a requirement to pursue reasonable loss mitigation efforts. Such efforts may include pursuing foreclosure or bankruptcy relief in a timely and diligent manner. We deem a reduction in the claim amount to be a "curtailment." 
Under our Master Policies, insureds, typically through their servicers, must obtain prior approval from us before executing a deed-in-lieu of foreclosure, short sale or loan modification. Our right to pre-approve these transactions provides us the ability to mitigate actual or potential loss on an insured loan by ensuring that properties are being marketed and sold at reasonable values and that, in appropriate cases, borrowers are offered modified loan terms that are structured to help them sustain their mortgage payments. Proceeds from approved third-party sales occurring before we settle a claim are factored into the claim settlement and can often mitigate the size of the insurance benefit we are responsible to pay. In connection with our approval rights for short sales or deed-in-lieu of foreclosure transactions, our Master Policies also provide us the right to obtain a contribution from borrowers with appropriate financial capacity, either in the form of cash or promissory notes, to cover a portion of our claim payments. We have entered into delegation agreements with the GSEs that provide them and their designated servicers the right to approve certain transactions on our behalf including pre-foreclosure sales, deeds-in-lieu and loan modifications for most GSE-owned loans that we insure.
12
Reinsurance
Third-Party Reinsurance
We utilize third-party reinsurance to actively manage our risk, ensure compliance with PMIERs, state regulatory and other applicable capital requirements, and support the growth of our business. We currently have both excess of loss and quota share reinsurance agreements in place. 
Since 2016, we have entered into the following types of reinsurance transactions which provide risk protection on both a retrospective and prospective basis:
•
fully collateralized ILN coverage on mortgage insurance policies that we have already issued with special purpose insurers funding such reinsurance obligations through the issuance of insurance-linked notes;
•
XOL reinsurance arrangements with third party reinsurers on mortgage insurance policies that we have already issued; and
•
QSR arrangements in which third party reinsurers agree to prospectively reinsure a portion of the risk on mortgage insurance policies that we write.
We believe that our reinsurance programs offer us a number of benefits, including:
•
hedging against adverse losses in times of stress and mitigation of portfolio risk and volatility through the housing and economic cycle;
•
providing capital relief under the various state insurance risk to capital framework, rating agency capital requirements and GSE PMIERs available asset requirements;
•
providing a diversified source of capital to support and grow our business; and
•
enhancing our counterparty strength and improving the sustainability of our franchise.
For further information, see Part II, Item 8, “
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Note 6, Reinsurance.
”
Enterprise Risk Management 
We have established enterprise wide policies, procedures and processes to allow us to identify, assess, monitor and manage credit market and operational risks in our business, as well as other risks discussed below in Item 1A, "
Risk Factors
." Management of these risks is an interdepartmental endeavor including specific operational responsibilities and ongoing senior management and compliance personnel oversight. The Risk Committee of our Board of Directors (Board) has responsibility for oversight and review of our enterprise risk management approach and is supported by a management enterprise risk committee comprised of senior members of our management team and led by our Head of Internal Audit and Enterprise Risk. Our internal audit function, which reports to the Audit Committee of our Board, provides independent ongoing assessments of our management of certain enterprise risks and reports its findings to our Board's Risk Committee. Our internal audit function also engages external resources to assist in the assessment of enterprise risks and our related control and monitoring processes.
Credit Market Risk
We have implemented a complementary range of strategies to actively monitor and manage the credit performance of our insured portfolio, including: 
•
establishing prudential underwriting standards and loan-level eligibility matrices which describe the maximum LTV, minimum FICO, maximum borrower DTI ratio, maximum loan size, property type and occupancy status of loans that we will insure, and memorializing these standards and eligibility matrices in our underwriting guidelines;
•
conducting diligence of our lender customers before and after we formally engage with them to ensure they have appropriate financial resources, operational capabilities, management experience and a track record of strong origination quality, and subjecting them to well-defined parameters regarding underwriting delegation status, credit guideline requirements and, on a more limited basis, variances;
•
implementing a quality control process to ensure ongoing adherence with our underwriting guidelines and eligibility criteria, under which our quality control group performs audits of insured loans identified on a random, 
13
high risk and targeted basis to measure the quality of the underwriting decision and loan closing process, and specifically assess the accuracy and adequacy of the information and documentation used to underwrite our MI;
•
setting concentration limits to regulate the aggregation of loan-level risks in our overall portfolio and manage our overall portfolio exposure to certain risk classes that typically experience greater volatility and loss during periods of economic and housing market downturns, such as higher LTV loans, loans with higher borrower DTIs, investor loans, cash-out refinances, certain state concentration levels and several other borrower or loan attributes;
•
individually underwriting the majority of the loans we insure through our non-delegated platform and DAR validation process, in order to evaluate borrower and loan-level risk characteristics on an individual policy level, and monitor and assess the manufacturing capabilities of our lender customers in order to provide them feedback to help enhance their own production and control processes;
•
designing, developing and deploying Rate GPS
®
, our proprietary risk-based pricing platform, to dynamically consider a granular set of risk attributes in our policy pricing process and assign individualized premium rates based on the relative risk and anticipated performance of each loan we insure;
•
further utilizing Rate GPS
®
 to actively manage the flow of business into our portfolio and target loans with higher quality risk characteristics that typically experience lower volatility and loss across market cycles; and
•
securing reinsurance coverage under quota share and excess-of-loss transactions that are structured to absorb losses in periods of economic and/or housing market stress and, in doing so, mitigate the impact of credit volatility on our financial results.
We view our comprehensive approach to credit risk management as a core competency and believe that it provides us with the ability to actively manage the aggregation of borrower default risk in our insured loan portfolio and mitigate the impact of such exposure under a range of macroeconomic scenarios.
Operational Risk
Operational risks are inherent in our daily business activities, and include, among others, the risk of damage to physical assets, reliance on outside vendors, continued access to qualified underwriting resources, cyber security threats, including breaches of our system or other compromises resulting in unauthorized access to confidential, private and proprietary information, reliance on a complex IT system and employee fraud or negligence. We seek to manage our operational exposures through a variety of standard risk management practices and procedures, such as purchasing hazard and cyber insurance coverage, maintaining oversight of third-party vendors, establishing IT system redundancy and security and disaster recovery practices, maintaining internal controls and ensuring appropriate segregation of duties.
Information Technology Systems and Intellectual Property
We rely on information technology to directly engage with our lender customers, receive MI applications and supporting documentation, streamline our underwriting and validation processes, deliver binding policy certificates, and facilitate post-close MI policy servicing. Our customers and regulators require us to provide and service our products in a secure manner, either electronically via our internet website or through direct electronic data transmissions. 
We have invested in our infrastructure and technology through the design, development, integration and implementation of what we believe is an efficient, secure, scalable platform that supports our current business activities and provides capacity for significant future growth. We underwrite and service our MI portfolio within this proprietary insurance management platform, which we refer to as AXIS.
Since the initial development of AXIS, we have continued to upgrade and enhance our systems and technical capabilities, including:
•
deploying technology that enables our customers to transact business faster and easier, whether via a secure internet connection or through a secure system-to-system interface;
•
integrating our platform with third-party technology providers used by our customers in their loan origination process to price and order our MI and in their servicing processes for servicing and maintaining their MI policies; 
•
implementing advanced document and business process management software that focuses on improving our underwriting productivity and that may also be used to improve our quality assurance and loss management functions;
14
•
launching our award-winning mobile applications, which enable customers to view and access information through mobile devices, including our premium rate calculators, guideline updates and other resources and information notices; and
•
designing, developing and deploying Rate GPS
®
, our risk-based pricing platform, which allows us to dynamically consider a granular set of risk attributes in our policy pricing process and assign individualized rates based on the relative risk and anticipated performance of each loan we insure.
We utilize and develop technology that enhances our current operating capabilities and supports future growth, while allowing us to realize current efficiencies. Effective March 31, 2020, we entered into an agreement with Tata Consultancy Services (TCS), under which TCS provides IT services over a seven-year period across such functions as application development and support, infrastructure support and information security. Our engagement with TCS has enhanced our ability to provide innovative IT solutions for our internal and external constituents, while allowing us to realize cost efficiencies by leveraging TCS's global platform.
Investment Portfolio
Our primary objectives with respect to our investment portfolio are to preserve capital and generate investment income, while maintaining sufficient liquidity to cover our operating needs. We aim to achieve diversification as to type, quality, maturity, industry and issuer. At December 31, 2024, our investment portfolio was comprised of investment grade fixed maturity securities, including U.S. Treasury securities and obligations of U.S. government agencies, municipal debt securities, corporate debt securities, and asset-backed securities. We also held short-term investments, such as U.S. Treasury Bills and commercial paper.
We have adopted an investment policy that defines, among other things, eligible and ineligible investments, concentration limits for asset types, industry sectors, single issuers, and certain credit ratings, and includes benchmarks for asset duration. Our investments are rated by one or more nationally recognized statistical rating organizations. Our investment policies and strategies are subject to change depending upon regulatory, economic and market conditions, and our existing or anticipated financial condition and operating requirements.
We engage a third-party investment manager Allspring Global Investments, formerly Wells Capital Management, Inc., to assist with day-to-day management of our portfolio and implementation of our investment policy.
Human Capital Management
As of December 31, 2024, we had 230 full-time and part-time employees, and engaged third-party vendors to provide additional IT, underwriting and other support services.
Our ability to operate efficiently and profitably, to offer products and services that meet the expectations of our customers, and to maintain an effective risk management framework is highly dependent on the competence and integrity of our employees, as well as the employees of the third-party service providers, vendors and others whom we engage. 
We prioritize our employees with the goal of attracting, retaining and developing a high-quality talent base and aim to foster a high-performing, employee-driven and collaborative work environment that emphasizes both organizational and personal success. We offer competitive salaries and a comprehensive benefits package that includes annual cash bonuses and equity grants, life, health and supplemental insurance coverage, paid time off, paid caregiver leave, emergency backup child and elder care, a 401(k) Savings Plan with employer matching contributions, and programs to support employee mental, physical and financial well-being. We grant equity to every one of our employees annually and offer mortgage assistance to support our employees who are first-time homebuyers. We encourage our employees to continue their educational and professional development, and support those who do with tuition reimbursement and student loan payback programs, as well as ongoing firm wide training initiatives and access to third-party course materials.
We value collaboration as a company and believe that different perspectives promote innovation and are crucial to the long-term success of our business. As of December 31, 2024, 83% of our employee population identified as members of a diverse group, including 55% as women and 34% as racial/ethnic minorities. We recognize the valuable contributions of key leaders across our organization and engage in regular succession planning efforts in collaboration with the Board of Directors to ensure business continuity and provide ongoing employee development opportunities. In 2024, we continued to focus on our talented, innovative and dedicated people, investing in our culture with a focus on collaboration, performance and employee education.
In 2024, we were recognized as a Great Place to Work
®
 for the ninth consecutive year. Great Place to Work
®
 is a global authority on workplace culture, employee experience and leadership, and partners with FORTUNE magazine to produce the annual FORTUNE "100 Best Companies to Work For” list. 
15
Available Information
Our principal office is located at 2100 Powell Street, 12th floor, Emeryville, CA 94608. Our main telephone number is (855) 530 - NMIC (6642), and our website address is 
www.nationalmi.com
. Copies of our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports are available free of charge through our website as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), and can be viewed at sec.gov. In addition, a written copy of the Company's Business Conduct and Ethics Policy, containing our code of ethics that is applicable to all of our directors, officers, employees and third-party vendor contractors, is available on our website. Information contained or referenced on our website is not incorporated by reference into, and does not form a part of, this report.
16
U.S. MORTGAGE INSURANCE REGULATION
As discussed below, private mortgage insurers operating in the U.S. are subject to comprehensive state and federal regulation and to significant oversight by the GSEs, the primary beneficiaries of our insurance coverage. NMIC and Re One are principally regulated by our domiciliary and primary regulator, the Wisconsin OCI and by state insurance departments in each state in which these companies are licensed. We are also significantly impacted and, in some cases, directly regulated by federal laws and regulations affecting the housing finance system.
We believe that a strong, viable private MI market is a critical component of the U.S. housing finance system. We routinely meet with regulatory agencies, including our state insurance regulators and the FHFA, the GSEs, our customers and other industry participants to promote the role and value of private MI and exchange views on the U.S. housing finance system. We believe we have an open dialogue with the Wisconsin OCI and often share our views on current matters regarding the MI industry. We actively participate in industry discussions regarding potential changes to the laws impacting private mortgage insurers and the regulatory environment. We intend to continue to promote legislative and regulatory policies that support a viable and competitive private MI industry and a well-functioning U.S. housing finance system. We are a member of U.S. Mortgage Insurers (USMI
®
), an organization formed to promote the use of private MI as a credit risk mitigant in the U.S. residential mortgage market.
GSE Oversight
The GSEs are the principal purchasers of mortgages insured by private mortgage insurers. As a result, the nature of the private MI industry in the U.S. is driven in large part by the requirements and practices of the GSEs, which include, among others:
•
the PMIERs, including operational, business and remedial requirements and minimum capital levels applicable to GSE-qualified MI providers;
•
the terms that the GSEs require to be included in MI policies for loans that they purchase, including terms governing rescission relief;
•
the underwriting standards and loan amount limits that determine what loans are eligible for purchase by the GSEs, which affect the quality of the risk insured by the mortgage insurer and the availability of mortgage loans;
•
the level of MI coverage, subject to the requirements of the GSEs' charters, when MI is used as the required credit enhancement on high-LTV mortgages;
•
the circumstances in which MI coverage can be canceled before reaching the cancellation thresholds established by law, including under the HOPA;
•
the amount of loan level delivery fees (which result in higher costs to borrowers) that the GSEs assess on loans that require private MI, which impacts private MI providers' ability to compete with government MIs and other forms of credit enhancement used by the GSEs in lieu of private MI; 
•
the terms on which the GSEs offer lenders relief on their representations and warranties made to a GSE at the time of sale of a loan to a GSE, which creates pressure on private mortgage insurers to alter their rescission rights to conform to the GSE relief;
•
the use of data provided by the GSE and the consequences for any unintended disclosure of such information;
•
loss mitigation programs established by the GSEs that impact insured mortgages and the circumstances under which servicers must implement such programs; and
•
the availability and scope of different loan purchase programs, including first time home buyer and affordable lending initiatives, from the GSEs that allow different levels of MI coverage.
In January 2013, the GSEs approved NMIC as a qualified mortgage insurer (as defined in the PMIERs, an 
approved insurer
). (
Italicized
 terms have the same meaning that such terms have in the PMIERs.) As an 
approved insurer
, NMIC is subject to ongoing compliance with the PMIERs. The PMIERs establish operational, business, remedial and financial requirements applicable to 
approved insurers
, and are updated from time to time by the GSEs. The GSEs have significant discretion under the PMIERs as well as a broad range of consent rights and notice requirements with respect to various actions of an 
approved insurer.
 The PMIERs financial requirements prescribe a risk-based methodology whereby the amount of assets required to be held against each insured loan is determined based on certain risk characteristics, such as FICO, vintage (year of origination), performing vs. non-performing (
i.e.
, current vs. delinquent), LTV and other risk features. An asset charge is calculated for each insured loan based on its risk profile. In general, higher quality loans carry lower charges.
17
Under the PMIERs, 
approved insurers
 must maintain 
available assets
 that equal or exceed 
minimum required assets
, which is an amount equal to the greater of (i) $400 million or (ii) a total 
risk-based required asset 
amount. The 
risk-based required asset 
amount is a function of the risk profile of an 
approved insurer's
 RIF, assessed on a loan-by-loan basis and considered against certain risk-based factors derived from tables set out in the PMIERs to gross 
RIF, 
which is then adjusted on an aggregate basis for reinsurance transactions approved by the GSEs, such as with respect to our ILN Transactions, QSR Transactions and XOL Transactions. The 
risk-based required asset 
amount for performing, primary insurance is subject to a floor of 5.6% of
 performing primary adjusted RIF
, and the 
risk-based required asset 
amount for pool insurance considers both factors in the PMIERs tables and the
 net remaining stop loss
 for each pool insurance policy. The PMIERs include a comprehensive reinsurance counter-party grading framework, which includes a modest haircut (based on the credit rating of the 
reinsurer
) to the capital credit available to an 
approved insurer
 for any un-collateralized reinsurance coverage.
By April 15th of each year, NMIC must certify that it met all PMIERs requirements as of December 31st of the prior year. We certified to the GSEs by April 15, 2024 that NMIC was in full compliance with the PMIERs as of December 31, 2023. NMIC also has an ongoing obligation to immediately notify the GSEs in writing upon discovery of a failure to meet one or more PMIERs requirements. We continuously monitor NMIC's compliance with the PMIERs.    
State Mortgage Insurance Regulation
Certificates of Authority
NMIC holds a certificate of authority, or insurance license, in all 50 states and D.C. As a licensed insurer in these jurisdictions, NMIC is subject to ongoing financial reporting, examination and disclosure requirements relating to its business, operations, management and affiliate arrangements. 
State Insurance Laws
Our insurance subsidiaries are subject to comprehensive regulation by state insurance departments. As mandated by certain state insurance laws, private MI companies are restricted to writing only MI business. We understand that the primary purpose underlying this restriction, which is referred to in the industry as a "monoline" requirement, is to make it easier for regulators to assess the overall risk in a mortgage insurer's insurance portfolio, to determine its capital adequacy under varying economic scenarios and to prevent the depletion of capital due to the diversion of financial resources in support of non-MI lines of business. State insurance laws and regulations are principally designed for the protection of insured policyholders rather than for the benefit of investors. Although their scope varies, state insurance laws generally grant broad supervisory powers to insurance regulatory officials to examine insurance companies and interpret and/or enforce rules or exercise discretion affecting almost every significant aspect of their insurance business.
In general, state insurance regulation of our business relates to:
•
licenses to transact business; 
•
producer licensing;
•
policy forms;
•
premium rates;
•
insurable loans;
•
annual and quarterly financial reports prepared in accordance with statutory accounting principles;
•
determination of loss, unearned premium and contingency reserves; 
•
minimum capital levels and adequacy ratios; 
•
affiliate transactions;
•
reinsurance transactions and related requirements; 
•
limitations on the types of investment instruments which may be held in an investment portfolio; 
•
the size of risks and limits on coverage of individual risks which may be insured;
•
special deposits of securities; 
•
stockholder dividends;
18
•
insurance policy sales practices; 
•
privacy and cybersecurity;
•
enterprise risk management;
•
advertising compliance;
•
restrictions on transactions that have the effect of inducing lenders to place business with NMIC; and
•
claims handling. 
As the ultimate controlling parent of an insurance holding company system, NMIH is registered with the Wisconsin OCI, which is NMIC and Re One's primary regulator, and must provide insurance holding company annual audited consolidated financial statements and other information to the Wisconsin OCI on an ongoing basis. We, as an insurance holding company, and each of our affiliates, are prohibited from engaging in certain transactions with our insurance subsidiaries without disclosure to, and in some instances, prior approval by, the Wisconsin OCI. Like all other states, Wisconsin regulates transactions between domestic insurance companies and their controlling stockholders or affiliates. Under Wisconsin law, all transactions involving us, or an affiliate, and an insurance subsidiary, must conform to certain standards, including that the transaction be “reasonable and fair” to the insurance subsidiary. Wisconsin law also provides that disclosure of certain affiliate transactions must be filed with the Wisconsin OCI at least 30 days before the transaction is entered into and that these transactions may be disapproved by the Wisconsin OCI within that period.
Under Wisconsin law, domestic insurers, such as NMIC, are required to submit and obtain prior Wisconsin OCI approval on all reinsurance agreements with non-affiliate reinsurers. In addition, the Wisconsin OCI requires that reinsurance agreements with non-authorized and non-accredited reinsurers be collateralized through letters of credit and/or trust accounts in order for a domestic insurer to take credit for reinsurance on its statutory balance sheet.
Wisconsin's insurance regulations generally provide that no person may merge with or acquire control (which is defined as possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract, by common management or otherwise) of us or our insurance subsidiaries unless the merger or transaction in which control is acquired has been approved by the Wisconsin OCI. Wisconsin law provides for a rebuttable presumption of control when a person owns or has the right to vote, directly or indirectly, more than 10% of the voting securities of a company. Pursuant to applicable Wisconsin regulations, voting securities include securities convertible into or evidencing the right to acquire securities with the right to vote. For purposes of determining whether control exists, the Wisconsin OCI may aggregate the direct or indirect ownership of us by entities under common control with one another. Notwithstanding the presumption of control, any person or persons acting in concert or whose shares may be aggregated for purposes of determining control, may file a disclaimer of affiliation with the Wisconsin OCI if they do not intend to control or direct or influence the management of a domestic insurer. Such disclaimer will become effective unless it is expressly “disapproved” by the Wisconsin OCI within 30 days of the date filed. In addition, the insurance regulations of certain states require prior notification to the state's insurance department before a person acquires control of an insurance company licensed in such state. An insurance company's licenses to conduct business in those states could be affected by any such change in control. As of the date of this report, we are aware of one NMIH stockholder that owns more than 10% of our shares of common stock. We understand that this stockholder has filed a disclaimer of control with the Wisconsin OCI in connection therewith, which has not been disapproved.
Our insurance subsidiaries are subject to Wisconsin statutory requirements as to maintenance of minimum policyholders' surplus and payment of dividends or distributions to stockholders. Under Wisconsin law, our insurance subsidiaries may pay “ordinary” stockholder dividends with 30 days' prior notice to the Wisconsin OCI. Ordinary dividends are defined as payments or distributions to stockholders in any twelve-month period that do not exceed the lesser of (i) 10% of statutory policyholders' surplus as of the preceding calendar year end or (ii) adjusted statutory net income. Adjusted statutory net income is defined for this purpose to be the greater of the following: 
a.
The net income of the insurer for the calendar year preceding the date of the dividend or distribution, minus realized capital gains for that calendar year; or 
b.
The aggregate of the net income of the insurer for the 3 calendar years preceding the date of the dividend or distribution, minus realized capital gains for those calendar years and minus dividends paid or credited and distributions made within the first 2 of the preceding 3 calendar years. 
The Wisconsin OCI may prohibit the payment of ordinary dividends or other payments by our insurance subsidiaries to us if they determine that such payments could be adverse to policyholders. In addition, our insurance subsidiaries may make or 
19
pay “extraordinary” stockholder dividends (
i.e.
, amounts in excess of ordinary dividends) only with the prior approval of the Wisconsin OCI.
In addition to Wisconsin, other states may limit or restrict our insurance subsidiaries' ability to pay stockholder dividends. For example, in California and New York, mortgage insurers licensed in such states are prohibited from declaring dividends except from undivided profits remaining above the aggregate of their paid-in capital, paid-in surplus and contingency reserves. In addition, Florida requires mortgage insurers to hold surplus of not less than the lesser of (i) 10% of its total liabilities, or (ii) $100 million. It is possible that Wisconsin, or other states, will adopt revised statutory provisions or interpretations of existing statutory provisions that will be more or less restrictive than those described above or will otherwise take actions that may further restrict the ability of our insurance subsidiaries to pay dividends or make distributions or returns of capital.
Wisconsin has adopted the Risk Management and Own Risk and Solvency Assessment Act, which requires, among other things, that we conduct an Own Risk and Solvency Assessment at least annually to assess the material risks associated with our business and our current and estimated projected future solvency position, and maintain a risk management framework to assess, monitor, manage, and report on material risks. Additionally, Wisconsin has also adopted the annual enterprise risk reporting and “Corporate Governance Annual Disclosure” requirements of the National Association of Insurance Commissioners' (NAIC) model laws.
Wisconsin has adopted the NAIC’s amendments to the model holding company act that implement the filing requirement for the group capital calculation (GCC). The GCC uses a risk-based capital aggregation methodology for all entities in an insurance holding company system. It is a tool that provides insurance regulators with a method to aggregate the available capital and the minimum capital of each entity in a group in a way that applies to all companies regardless of their structure. Under Wisconsin law, the ultimate controlling person of our insurance subsidiaries must file the GCC with the Wisconsin OCI.
Mortgage insurers licensed in Wisconsin are required to establish a contingency loss reserve for purposes of statutory accounting, with annual contributions equal to the greater of (i) 50% of net earned premiums for such year or (ii) the minimum policyholders' position (as described below) relating to NIW in the period, divided by 7. These additions to contingency reserves cannot be withdrawn for a period of 10 years, except as permitted by insurance regulations. With prior approval from the Wisconsin OCI, an MI company may make early withdrawals from the contingency reserve when incurred losses and incurred loss expenses for a calendar quarter exceed the greater of either (i) 35% of net premiums earned in a calendar year or (ii) 70% of the annual amount contributed to the contingency loss reserve.
Under applicable Wisconsin law and the laws of 15 other states, a mortgage insurer must maintain a minimum amount of statutory capital relative to its RIF in order for the mortgage insurer to continue to write new business. These are typically referred to as “risk-to-capital (RTC) requirements.” While formulations of minimum capital may vary in certain jurisdictions, the most common measure applied allows for a maximum permitted RTC ratio of 25:1. Wisconsin has formula-based limits that generally result in RTC limits slightly higher than the 25:1 ratio.
We compute the RTC ratio for NMIC. The RTC ratio is our net RIF divided by our statutory capital. Our net RIF includes both direct and assumed primary and pool RIF, less risk ceded and excluding risk on policies that are currently in default and for which loss reserves have been established. Wisconsin requires a mortgage insurer to maintain a “minimum policyholders' position” as calculated in accordance with the applicable regulations. Policyholders' position, which is also known as statutory capital, is generally the sum of statutory policyholders' surplus (which increases as a result of statutory net income and capital contributions, and decreases as a result of statutory net loss and capital distributions), plus the statutory contingency reserve. Under statutory accounting rules, the contingency reserve is reported as a liability on the statutory balance sheet; however, for purposes of statutory capital and RTC ratio calculations, it is included in capital.
State insurance regulators also have the authority to make changes to current regulations governing mortgage insurance, including, among other things, capital requirements, underwriting standards, claims practices and market conduct regulation. The NAIC formed a working group within its Financial Condition (E) Committee, the Mortgage Guaranty Insurance Working Group, to discuss, develop and recommend changes to the solvency and market practices regulation of mortgage insurers, including changes to the Mortgage Guaranty Insurance Model Act #630 (Model Act). These efforts culminated in amendments to the Model Act, which were adopted by the NAIC Financial Condition and Executive Committees in 2023. Wisconsin has begun the process of adopting the revised Model Act, and other states may also consider adoption as well. 
Most states, including Wisconsin, have enacted anti-inducement and anti-rebate laws applicable to mortgage insurers, which prohibit mortgage insurers from inducing lenders to enter into insurance contracts by offering benefits not specified in the policy, including rebates of insurance premiums. For example, Wisconsin prohibits mortgage insurers from allowing any commission, fee, remuneration, or other compensation to be paid to, or received by, any insured lender, including any subsidiary 
20
or affiliate, officer, director, or employee of any insured, any member of their immediate family, any corporation, partnership, trust, trade association in which any insured is a member, or other entity in which any insured or any such officer, director, or employee or any member of their immediate family has a financial interest.
MI premium rates are subject to prior approval in certain states, which requirement is designed to protect policyholders against rates that are excessive, inadequate or unfairly discriminatory. In these states, any change in premium rates must be justified, generally on the basis of the insurer's loss experience, expenses and future trend analysis. Trends in mortgage default rates are also considered.
State insurance receivership law, not federal bankruptcy law, would govern any insolvency or financially hazardous condition of our insurance subsidiaries. The Wisconsin OCI has substantial authority to issue orders or seek to control a state insurance receivership proceeding to address the insolvency or financially hazardous condition of an insurance company that it regulates. Under Wisconsin law, the Wisconsin OCI has substantial flexibility to restructure an insurance company in a receivership proceeding. The Wisconsin OCI is obligated to maximize the value of an insolvent insurer's estate for the benefit of its policyholders. In all insurance receiverships under state insurance law, policyholder claims are prioritized relative to the claims of stockholders.
Other U.S. Regulation
Federal laws and regulations applicable to participants in the housing finance industry, including mortgage originators and servicers, purchasers of mortgage loans, such as the GSEs, and the government MIs directly and indirectly impact private mortgage insurers. Changes in federal housing legislation may have significant effects on the demand for private MI and, therefore, may materially affect our business.    
We are also impacted by federal regulation of residential mortgage transactions. Mortgage origination and servicing transactions are subject to compliance with various federal and state consumer protection laws, including the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act of 1974 (RESPA), the Truth in Lending Act (TILA), the Equal Credit Opportunity Act (ECOA), the Fair Housing Act, the HOPA, the Fair Credit Reporting Act of 1970 (FCRA), the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999 (GLBA) and others. Among other things, these laws and their implementing regulations prohibit payments for referrals of real estate settlement service business, require fairness and non-discrimination in granting or facilitating the granting of credit and insurance, govern the circumstances under which companies may obtain and use consumer credit information, establish standards for cancellation of BPMI, define the manner in which companies may pursue collection activities, require disclosures of the cost of credit and provide for other consumer protections.
Housing Finance Reform
The federal government currently plays a dominant role in the U.S. housing finance system through the GSEs and government MIs (
i.e.
, the FHA, USDA and VA) and Ginnie Mae. There is broad policy consensus toward the need for continued and consistent private capital participation in the U.S. housing finance system. 
On September 6, 2008, the FHFA used its authority to place the GSEs into conservatorship. As the GSEs' conservator, the FHFA has the authority to control and direct the GSEs' operations, and the FHFA's policy objectives can result in changes to the GSEs' requirements and practices. While in conservatorship, each GSE has been subject to the terms of Senior Preferred Stock Purchase Agreements, as amended, with the Treasury Department (PSPAs). Pursuant to the PSPAs, the Treasury Department committed to invest in the GSEs to the extent required for each to maintain a positive net worth. In exchange for its investment, the Treasury Department received shares of the GSEs' senior preferred stock and warrants to purchase 79.9% of the GSEs' common stock. The PSPAs have also historically required the GSEs to, among other things, make quarterly dividend payments to the Treasury Department, and also provide the Treasury Department with a liquidation preference.
On January 14, 2021, the FHFA announced that it had agreed with the Treasury Department to amend the PSPAs. Among other things, these amendments increased the GSEs' permissible capital retention to approximately $283 billion, continued the suspension of quarterly dividend payments in favor of dollar-for-dollar increases in the Treasury Department's liquidation preference, and allowed each GSE to issue up to $70 billion in new stock. The amendments also imposed specific conditions required for the GSEs to exit conservatorship, including the resolution or settlement of all material litigation relating to the conservatorship, and each GSE achieving common equity tier 1 capital of at least 3% of its total assets.
21
On September 14, 2021, the FHFA together with the Treasury Department announced the suspension of certain portions of the 2021 PSPA amendments, specifically those limiting certain GSE lending activities, and that would, among other things, reduce the amount of capital the GSEs are required to hold. On March 16, 2022, the FHFA adopted the final rule (effective May 16, 2022) (2022 ERCF amendment) that amended the enterprise regulatory capital framework by refining the prescribed leverage buffer amount and credit risk transfer (CRT) securitization framework for the GSEs, which reduced the amount of capital the GSEs are required to hold, including by increasing the capital credit the GSEs receive for the credit risk that they distribute. On January 2, 2025, the FHFA together with the Treasury Department announced further amendments to the PSPAs to help ensure that the eventual release of the GSEs from conservatorship will be orderly and to reflect certain existing practices. Among other things, the amendments restore the Treasury Department’s right to consent to a release of the GSEs from conservatorship.

In addition, under a separate side letter from the FHFA to the Treasury Department, the FHFA will solicit public input, before releasing a GSE from conservatorship, regarding the potential impacts on the housing market and the GSEs.
On April 28, 2023, the FHFA’s rule requiring the GSEs to provide advance notice to the FHFA of new activities and obtain prior approval before launching new products became effective. The rule establishes revised criteria for determining whether new activity requires notice to the FHFA and for determining if that activity is a new product that merits public notice and comment. The rule also outlines the process for the FHFA's review of any new activity and the timelines for approving a new product, including issuing a public notice and requesting public comment about a new product. 
With the GSEs in a prolonged conservatorship, there has been ongoing debate over the future role and purpose of the GSEs in the U.S. housing market. Since 2011, there have been numerous legislative proposals intended to incrementally scale back or eliminate the GSEs (such as a statutory mandate for the GSEs to transfer mortgage credit risk to the private sector) or to completely reform the housing finance system. Congress, however, has not enacted any legislation to date. 
Under the first Trump administration, there was increased focus on the possibility of administrative reform that the White House and Treasury Department, in collaboration with the previous Director of the FHFA, may pursue independent of any legislative action. In September 2019, the Treasury Department released a Housing Reform Plan that included a compilation of legislative and administrative recommendations for reforms to achieve various goals, including the goals of ending the conservatorships of the GSEs and setting regulations for the GSEs that provide for their safety and soundness. In December 2020, the FHFA finalized a rule establishing a new regulatory capital framework for the GSEs, noting that the rule was another step toward ending the conservatorships of the GSEs. 
On June 23, 2021, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that the President could remove the FHFA Director other than for cause. Subsequently, President Biden removed the FHFA Director and appointed a new Director to lead the FHFA. FHFA leadership changes add uncertainty to what role the GSEs, FHA and private capital, including private mortgage insurance, will play in the residential housing finance system in the future. In anticipation of expected Presidential dismissal as a result of Trump’s second term inauguration, on January 19, 2025, the sitting FHFA Director exited the role.

President Trump has nominated a new FHFA Director who will need successful congressional confirmation prior to assuming the role. Until such confirmation occurs, an acting Director oversees the day-to-day operations.
The passage and timing of comprehensive GSE reform or incremental change (whether legislative or administrative in nature) is uncertain, making the actual impact on us and our industry difficult to predict. Any such changes that come to pass could have a significant impact on our business. In addition, while the GSEs remain in conservatorship, the current leadership of the FHFA may exercise their oversight authority over the GSEs differently than previous Directors and/or have different objectives with regard to the GSEs' operations. Any such changes in how the FHFA engages with and influences the GSEs could have a significant impact on our business. 
FHA Reform
We compete with the single-family MI programs of the FHA, which is part of the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD). During the financial crisis, the FHA captured an increasing share of the high-LTV MI market as incumbent private MIs came under significant financial stress. Previous FHA rate actions and product introductions continue to impact its market share and, by extension, the private MI market. On February 22, 2023, FHA announced a rate reduction to the annual mortgage insurance premiums charged to homebuyers who obtain an FHA-insured mortgage. 
The FHA's role in the mortgage insurance industry is significantly dependent upon regulatory developments. Since 2012, there have been several legislative proposals intended to reform the FHA; however, no legislation has been enacted to date. The passage of FHA reform legislation in either the House or Senate, and how differences in proposed reforms between the House and Senate might be resolved in any final legislation, remain uncertain. 
22
The Dodd-Frank Act
The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (Dodd-Frank Act) amended certain provisions of TILA, RESPA and other statutes that have had a significant impact on our business and the residential mortgage market. The Dodd-Frank Act created the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB), a federal agency with responsibility for regulating and enforcing the offering and provision of consumer financial products and services under the federal consumer financial laws. Actions taken or rules implemented by the CFPB have the potential to impact the overall housing finance market, and by extension the private MI industry and our business. Leadership at the CFPB changes from time-to-time. Given that the Director of the CFPB is removable by the President at will, the agency's agenda, policies and actions likely will be significantly influenced by the then current administration. Accordingly, it is difficult to predict whether or how the CFPB might seek to implement these laws beyond the current administration's term.
Ability-to-Repay and Qualified Mortgage Rules
The CFPB issued final regulations, effective in 2014 and subsequently revised, requiring a residential mortgage loan originator to make a good faith determination, at the time a loan is originated, that the consumer has a reasonable ability to repay the loan (ATR). The ATR rule does not provide comprehensive underwriting standards but does set forth certain factors that a creditor must consider. The Dodd-Frank Act provides for a statutory presumption that a borrower will have the ability to repay a loan if the loan has the characteristics of a qualified mortgage (QM) as defined in the CFPB’s regulations, which has defined several types of QMs. The CFPB’s definition of a “General QM” places limits on points and fees, prohibits or restricts certain mortgage features, and generally limits a QM’s annual percentage rate to 2.25 percentage points above the average prime offer rate for comparable loans. If a General QM is a higher-priced loan, as defined by the CFPB, it obtains a rebuttable presumption of ATR compliance for that loan. If a General QM is not a higher-priced loan, it obtains a conclusive presumption of ATR compliance for that loan.
The Dodd-Frank Act also gave statutory authority to HUD, the VA, and the USDA to develop their own definitions of QM. The ATR rule does not affect the QM definitions adopted by these agencies. To the extent lenders find that these agencies' definitions of QM are more favorable to certain segments of their borrowers, they may choose government MI products over private MI products. We, along with other industry participants, have observed that the significant majority of covered loans made after the effective date of the CFPB's ATR rule have been QMs. We expect that most lenders will continue to be reluctant to make loans that do not qualify as QMs because, absent full compliance with the ATR rule, such loans will not be entitled to a "safe-harbor" presumption of compliance with the ability-to-pay requirements.
Basel Rules
The Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (Basel Committee), which consists of a group of central banks and banking regulators including the United States, developed
 t
he Basel Capital Accord in 1988 to set out international benchmarks for assessing banks' capital adequacy requirements. The capital adequacy requirements, among other factors, govern the capital treatment of MI purchased and held on balance sheet by domestic and international banks in respect of their residential mortgage loan origination and securitization activities. In July 2013, U.S. banking regulators promulgated regulations to implement significant elements of the Basel framework, which we refer to as Basel III. 
In December 2017, the Basel Committee published final revisions to Basel III (informally known as "Basel IV") with target implementation by each participating country by January 1, 2022, later extended to January 1, 2023 due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Implementation of Basel IV reforms requires national legislation and, therefore, the final rules and the timetable for their implementation in each participating country may be subject to some level of national variation. As an example, the United Kingdom (UK) and the European Union (EU) have each announced delays for their rules implementing the Basel IV reforms until 2027 and 2026, respectively, with further transitional arrangements being in place until 2030 and 2032, respectively. Under Basel IV, banks using the standardized approach to determine their credit risk may consider mortgage insurance in calculating the exposure amount for real estate. However, such banks will need to determine the risk-weight for residential mortgages based on the LTV ratio at loan origination, without factoring in mortgage insurance. Under the standardized approach, after the appropriate risk-weight is determined, the existence of mortgage insurance could be considered, but only if the company issuing the insurance has a lower risk-weight than the underlying exposure. Mortgage insurance issued by private companies would not meet this test. Therefore, under Basel IV, mortgage insurance could not mitigate credit and lower the capital charge under the standardized approach.
The Basel Committee previously proposed rules that would further reduce the benefit of private MI by not taking into consideration any credit enhancement, including private MI; however, those revisions were not implemented, retaining the treatment of mortgage insurance. On September 9, 2022, the U.S. banking regulators announced their intent to revise U.S. 
23
regulatory capital requirements to align them with Basel IV. On July 27, 2023, the U.S. banking regulators jointly issued a proposed rule that would revise large bank capital requirements. On September 18, 2023, the U.S. banking regulators announced this proposed rule would increase risk-based capital requirements for banks with total assets of $100 billion or more. This proposal increases the risk weights for LTVs that are above 80% and eliminates the current capital relief credit that is given to these loans if they are covered by mortgage insurance. Accordingly, as proposed, the revised standards would mean mortgage insurance would not lower the LTV ratio of residential loans for capital purposes for these large banks, and therefore may decrease their demand for mortgage insurance. These large banks may also retreat from high LTV lending if the proposal, as drafted, were passed. However, as of July 10, 2024, the Chairman of the Federal Reserve, as a member of the Basel Committee, made public remarks in favor of issuing a new proposed rule. The comment period for the proposal, originally scheduled to end on November 30, 2023, was extended to January 16, 2024. The full Basel Committee has yet to finalize next steps on a future path forward. Accordingly, we do not have clarity on whether or when we can expect any revised or final proposal or how much time will be provided for banking organizations to implement any final rule once it has been issued. The timing, scope, and content of any further proposed or final rulemaking and any potential impact it may have remain uncertain. 
We believe the existing U.S. implementation of the Basel IV capital framework supports continued use of private MI by portfolio lenders as a risk and capital management tool; however, with the ongoing implementation of Basel IV and the continued evolution of the Basel framework, it is difficult to predict the extent of the impact, if any, on the MI industry and the ultimate form of any potential future modifications to the regulations by federal banking regulators. If the Basel Committee revises the Basel IV framework to reduce or eliminate the capital benefit banks receive from insuring low down payment loans with private MI, our current and future business may be adversely affected.
Mortgage Servicing Rules
Residential mortgage servicing rules under RESPA and TILA, promulgated by the CFPB, went into effect in 2014. These rules included new or enhanced servicer requirements for handling escrow accounts, responding to borrower assertions of error and inquiries from borrowers, special handling of loans that are in default and loss mitigation when borrowers default, along with other provisions. A provision of the required loss mitigation procedures prohibits the servicer from commencing foreclosure until 120 days after a borrower defaults. Additional servicing regulations became effective in October 2017, providing some borrowers with foreclosure protections more than once over the life of the loan, imposing specific timing requirements for loss mitigation activities when servicing rights are transferred, and requiring that loss mitigation applications be properly dispositioned before allowing pursuit of a foreclosure action, among other requirements. Violation of these loss mitigation rules, which mandate special notices, handling and processing procedures (with deadlines) based on borrower submissions, may subject the servicer to private rights of action under consumer protection laws. Such actions or threats of such actions could cause delays in and increase costs and expenses associated with default servicing, including foreclosure. As to servicing of delinquent mortgage loans covered by our insurance policies, these rules could contribute to delays in and increased costs associated with foreclosure proceedings and have a negative impact on the cost and resolution of claims.
Homeowners Protection Act of 1998 (HOPA)
HOPA provides for the automatic termination, or cancellation upon a borrower's request, of BPMI, as defined in HOPA, upon satisfaction of certain conditions. HOPA requires that lenders give borrowers certain notices with regard to the automatic termination or cancellation of BPMI. These provisions apply to BPMI for purchase money, refinance and construction loans secured by the borrower's principal dwelling. Loans insured by government MIs are not covered by HOPA. Under HOPA, automatic termination of BPMI would generally occur when the mortgage is first scheduled to reach an LTV of 78% of the home's original value, assuming that the borrower is current on the required mortgage payments. A borrower who has a "good payment history," as defined by HOPA, may generally request cancellation of BPMI when the LTV is first scheduled to reach 80% of the home's original value or when actual payments reduce the loan balance to 80% of the home's original value, whichever occurs earlier. If BPMI coverage is not canceled at the borrower's request or by the automatic termination provision, the mortgage servicer must terminate such BPMI coverage by the first day of the month following the date that is the midpoint of the loan's amortization, assuming the borrower is current on the required mortgage payments.
24
Section 8 of RESPA
Section 8 of RESPA applies to most residential mortgages insured by us. Subject to limited exceptions, Section 8 of RESPA prohibits persons from giving or accepting anything of value pursuant to an agreement or understanding to refer a "settlement service." MI generally may be considered to be a "settlement service" for purposes of Section 8 of RESPA under applicable regulations. Section 8 of RESPA affects how we structure ancillary services that we may provide to our customers, if any, including loan review services, risk-share arrangements and customer training programs. RESPA authorizes the CFPB and other regulators to bring civil enforcement actions and also provides for criminal penalties and private rights of action. The CFPB has brought a number of enforcement actions under Section 8 of RESPA, including settlements with several private mortgage insurers. The CFPB's interpretation and enforcement of Section 8 of RESPA presents regulatory risk for many providers of "settlement services," including private mortgage insurers.
Mortgage Insurance Tax Deduction
In 2006, Congress enacted a private mortgage insurance tax deduction on a temporary basis through the end of 2011. Upon expiration in 2011, Congress temporarily extended the deduction for each tax year from 2012 through 2021. Congress has not extended the deduction to the 2022 and 2023 tax years. Elimination of the private mortgage insurance tax deduction could have the effect of reducing demand for private MI products. Congress has periodically considered proposed legislation that would make the private mortgage insurance tax deduction permanent, but to date has not enacted any such legislation. Under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (TCJA) enacted in December 2017, Congress increased the standard deduction for individuals and maintained the tax deductibility of second mortgages. The combination of maintaining the deduction for second mortgages and not extending deductibility for private MI could have the effect of reducing demand for private MI products.
SAFE Act
The federal SAFE Act, enacted by Congress in 2008, establishes minimum standards for the licensing and registration of state-licensed "mortgage loan originators," as defined under state law. The SAFE Act also requires the establishment of a nationwide mortgage licensing system and registry for the residential mortgage industry and certain of its employees. As part of this licensing and registration process, loan originators who are employees of certain covered institutions must generally be licensed under the SAFE Act guidelines enacted by each state in which they engage in loan originator activities and registered with the registry. The CFPB administers and enforces the SAFE Act. Employees of NMIC are not required to be licensed and/or registered under the SAFE Act as NMIC does not originate, process or underwrite mortgage loans. NMIS currently offers loan review services that are performed by SAFE Act-licensed third-party service providers, which have represented and warranted to NMIS that they comply with SAFE Act requirements in all applicable jurisdictions. 
Privacy and Information Security
We provide mortgage insurance products and services to financial institutions with which we have business relationships. In the normal course of providing our products and services, we may receive non-public personal information regarding such financial institutions' customers. The GLBA and related state and federal regulations implementing its privacy and safeguarding provisions impose privacy and information security requirements on financial institutions, including obligations to protect and safeguard consumers' non-public personal information. GLBA and its implementing regulations are enforced by state insurance regulators and state attorneys general, and by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC) and the CFPB. 
In addition, many states have enacted privacy and data security laws which impose compliance obligations beyond GLBA. These state laws obligate us to protect social security numbers, maintain a comprehensive information security program, submit annual compliance certifications regarding such programs (or an exemption thereto) and notify insurance regulators if a security breach results in a reasonable belief that unauthorized persons may have obtained access to consumer non-public personal information. For example, New York’s cybersecurity regulation establishes requirements for insurance entities under the New York Department of Financial Services’ jurisdiction, such as NMIC. The NAIC adopted the Insurance Data Security Model Law (Cybersecurity Model Law) for entities licensed under the relevant state’s insurance laws. The Cybersecurity Model Law requires such entities to develop and maintain a risk-based information security program, among other requirements. Several states, including Wisconsin, have adopted the Cybersecurity Model Law. State consumer privacy protection laws have also created new rights for their residents regarding certain personal information an organization collects and/or uses about them. We have adopted certain policies and procedures, and risk management and security practices designed to facilitate our compliance with these federal and state privacy and information security laws. 
25
Fair Credit Reporting Act
FCRA imposes restrictions on the permissible use of credit report information. The CFPB and FTC each have authority to enforce FCRA. FCRA has been interpreted by some FTC staff and federal courts to require mortgage insurers to provide "adverse action" notices to consumers if an application for mortgage insurance is declined or offered at higher than the best available rate for the program applied for on the basis of a review of the consumer's credit. We provide such notices when required.
Anti-Discrimination Laws
ECOA requires creditors and insurers to handle applications for credit and for insurance in accordance with specified requirements and prohibits discrimination in lending or insurance based on prohibited factors such as gender, race, ethnicity, age and familial status. The Fair Housing Act prohibits discrimination on the basis of race, gender and other prohibited bases in connection with housing-secured credit transactions.
26