Item 7.
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
44
Item 7A.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
71
Item 8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
73
Item 9.
Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures
138
Item 9A.
Controls and Procedures
138
Item 9B.
Other Information
141
Item 9C. 
Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections
141
Part III
142
Item 10.
Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
142
Item 11.
Executive Compensation
142
Item 12.
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
142
Item 13.
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
142
Item 14.
Principal Accountant Fees and Services
142
Part IV
143
Item 15.
Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules
143
Item 16.
Form 10-K Summary
150
Signatures
151
3
Table of Contents
Part I
CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
This Annual Report on Form 10-K, including, without limitation, statements under Item 1. — “Business” and Item 7. 
— “
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the “Securities Act”) and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the “Exchange Act”). Forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of words such as “ability,” “aim,” “assume,” “estimate,” “plan,” “possible,” “project,” “forecast,” “goal,” “opportunity,” “intend,” “will,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “enable,” “seek,” “target” or other similar expressions that predict or indicate future events or trends or that are not statements of historical matters. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding projections, estimates and forecasts of revenue and other financial and performance metrics, projections of market opportunity and expectations, the Company’s ability to scale and grow its business, source clean and renewable energy, the advantages and expected growth of the Company and the Company’s ability to source and retain talent. These statements are provided for illustrative purposes only and are based on various assumptions, whether or not identified in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and on the current expectations of the Company’s management. These forward-looking statements are not intended to serve, and must not be relied on by any investor, as a guarantee, an assurance, a prediction or a definitive statement of fact or probability. Actual events and circumstances are difficult or impossible to predict and will differ from assumptions. Many actual events and circumstances are beyond the control of the Company. 
These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions, known or unknown, that could cause actual results to vary materially from those indicated or anticipated. These risks, assumptions and uncertainties include those described in Item 1A. — “Risk Factors.” If one or more of these risks or uncertainties materializes, or if underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those indicated or anticipated by such forward-looking statements. There may be additional risks that the Company could not presently know or that the Company currently believes are immaterial that could also cause actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements. In addition, forward-looking statements reflect the Company’s expectations, plans or forecasts of future events and views as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and should not be relied upon as representing the Company’s assessments as of any date subsequent to the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The Company anticipates that subsequent events and developments will cause the Company’s assessments to change. However, while the Company may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, the Company specifically disclaims any obligation to do so. Accordingly, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made.