Item 1A. Risk Factors
”
 below. Busey Bank is expected to have active board and senior management oversight; adequate policies, procedures, and limits; adequate risk measurement, monitoring, and management information systems; and comprehensive internal controls. The federal banking agencies also have released specific risk management guidance on certain topics, including third-party relationships, in response to the proliferation of relationships between banking organizations and financial technology companies (although the guidance applies more broadly).
Privacy and Cybersecurity
Busey Bank is subject to many U.S. federal and state laws and regulations governing requirements for maintaining policies and procedures to protect non-public personal and other confidential information of its customers. These laws require Busey Bank to periodically disclose its privacy policies and practices relating to sharing such information and permit consumers to opt out of their ability to share information with unaffiliated third parties under certain circumstances. They also impact Busey Bank’s ability to share certain information with affiliates and non-affiliates for marketing and/or non-marketing purposes, or to contact customers with marketing offers. In addition, Busey Bank is required to implement a comprehensive information security program that includes administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to ensure the security and confidentiality of customer records and information. These security and privacy policies and procedures, for the protection of personal and confidential information, are in effect across all businesses and geographic locations. Busey Bank and Busey also are subject to a number of federal and state laws and regulations requiring notifications and disclosures regarding certain cybersecurity incidents. Busey Bank must also consider and address cybersecurity considerations as part of its risk management processes.
Branching Authority
Illinois banks, such as Busey Bank, have the authority under Illinois law to establish branches anywhere in the State of Illinois, subject to receipt of all required regulatory approvals. The Dodd-Frank Act permits well-capitalized and well-managed banks to establish new interstate branches or acquire individual branches of a bank in another state (rather than the acquisition of an out-of-state bank in its entirety) without impediments. Federal law permits state and national banks to merge with banks in other states subject to: (1) regulatory approval; (2) federal and state deposit concentration limits; and (3) state law limitations requiring the merging bank to have been in existence for a minimum period of time (not to exceed five years) prior to the merger.
Federal Home Loan Bank System
Busey Bank is a member of a FHLB, which serves as a central credit facility for its members. The FHLB is funded primarily from proceeds from the sale of obligations of the FHLB system. It makes loans to member banks in the form of FHLB advances. All advances from the FHLB are required to be fully collateralized as determined by the FHLB.
First Busey Corporation 
(BUSE)
 | 2024 — 
23
Table of Contents

Contents of