Item 1.  Business.
First Financial Bancorp.
First Financial Bancorp., an Ohio corporation (First Financial or the Company), was formed in 1982.  First Financial is a mid-sized, regional bank holding company headquartered in Cincinnati, Ohio, which has elected to become a financial holding company.  References in this Form 10-K to “we,” “us” or “our” refer, as the context requires, to First Financial and its subsidiaries, collectively or to First Financial as the holding company.
First Financial engages in the business of commercial banking and other banking and banking-related activities through its wholly-owned subsidiary, First Financial Bank (the Bank), which was founded in 1863.  Effective December 30, 2016, the Bank converted its charter to an Ohio state chartered bank from a nationally chartered bank.
The range of banking services provided by First Financial to individuals and businesses includes commercial lending, real estate lending and consumer financing.  Real estate loans are loans secured by a mortgage lien on the real property of the borrower, which may either be residential property (one to four family residential housing units) or commercial property (owner-occupied and/or investor income producing real estate, such as apartments, shopping centers, or office buildings).  Risk of loss related to lending activities is managed by adherence to standard loan policies that establish certain levels of performance prior to the extension of a loan to the borrower.  In addition, First Financial offers deposit products that include interest-bearing and noninterest-bearing accounts, time deposits and cash management services for commercial customers.  A full range of trust and wealth management services is also provided through First Financial’s Wealth Management line of business.
Commercial and industrial loans are made to all types of businesses for a variety of purposes including, but not limited to, inventory, receivables and equipment.  First Financial works with businesses to meet their shorter-term working capital needs while also providing long-term financing for their business plans.  First Financial also offers lease and equipment financing primarily through its wholly-owned subsidiary Summit Funding Group, Inc. (Summit) (discussed below).  Credit risk for lending activities is managed through standardized loan policies, established and authorized credit limits, centralized portfolio management and the diversification of market area and industries.  The overall strength of the borrower is evaluated through the credit underwriting process and includes a variety of analytical activities, including the review of historical and projected cash flows, financial performance, financial strength of the principals and guarantors and collateral values, where applicable.
Commercial and industrial lending activities also include equipment and leasehold improvement financing for franchisees throughout the U.S., principally in the quick service and casual dining sector.  The underwriting of these loans incorporates basic credit proficiencies combined with knowledge of select franchise concepts to measure the creditworthiness of proposed multi-unit borrowers.  The focus is on a limited number of concepts that we believe have sound economics, lower closure rates, and higher brand awareness within specified local, regional or national markets.  Loan terms for equipment are generally up to 84 months fully amortizing and up to 180 months on real estate-related requests.
First Financial also offers secured commercial financing throughout the U.S. through two wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Bank, Oak Street Funding LLC (Oak Street) and First Franchise Capital Corporation (First Franchise).  Oak Street lends to the insurance industry, registered investment advisors, certified public accountants and indirect auto finance companies, while First Franchise lends to restaurant franchisees.  Together, these niche lending activities are driven by acquisitions, ownership transitions and financing general working capital needs.  The underwriting of Oak Street's loans involves analyses of collateral (through use of Oak Street’s proprietary system) that consists of revenue, which is then continuously monitored by Oak Street throughout the life of the loans.
Commercial real estate loans are secured by a mortgage lien on the real property.  The credit underwriting for both owner-occupied and investor income producing real estate loans includes detailed market analysis, historical and projected cash flow analysis, appropriate equity margins, assessment of lessees and lessors, type of real estate and other analyses.  Market diversification within First Financial’s service area and industry diversification are other means by which First Financial manages the risk.  First Financial does not have a significant exposure to residential builders and developers.
Certain residential real estate loans originated by the Bank conform to secondary market underwriting standards and are sold within a short timeframe to unaffiliated third parties.  The Bank sells these loans with both servicing retained and servicing released, depending on pricing and other market conditions.  The credit underwriting standards adhere to a required level of documentation, verifications, valuation and overall credit performance of the borrower.  The underwriting of these loans 
1
TABLE OF CONTENTS
includes an evaluation of these and other pertinent factors prior to the extension of credit.  These underwriting standards increase the marketability and address the credit risk associated with the loans.
Consumer loans are primarily loans made to individuals.  These types of loans include new and used vehicle loans, second mortgages on residential real estate and unsecured loans.  Risk elements in the consumer loan portfolio are primarily focused on the borrower’s cash flow and credit history, which are key indicators of the ability to repay.  A level of security is provided through liens on automobile titles and second mortgage liens, where applicable.  Consumer loans are generally smaller dollar amounts than other types of lending and are made to a large number of customers, increasing diversification within the portfolio.  Economic conditions that affect consumers in First Financial’s markets have a direct impact on the credit quality of these loans.  Higher levels of unemployment, lower levels of income growth and weaker economic growth are factors that may adversely impact consumer loan credit quality.
Home equity lines of credit consist mainly of revolving lines of credit secured by residential real estate.  Home equity lines of credit are generally governed by the same lending policies and subject to the same credit risk mitigants as described previously for residential real estate loans.
Bannockburn Global Forex (Bannockburn), a division of the Bank, is an industry-leading capital markets firm based in Cincinnati, Ohio, that provides transactional currency payments, foreign exchange hedging, commodities hedging and other advisory products to closely held enterprises, financial sponsors and downstream financial institutions across the United States.  Their primary focus is on small- and middle-market clients that have a need for tailored foreign exchange solutions.  Bannockburn has a nationwide presence with offices in 10 locations throughout the U.S.
Agile Premium Finance, a division of the Bank, is among industry leaders in the premium finance lending space and is active in all 50 states.  Headquartered in Lincolnshire, IL, Agile originates commercial loans for the payment of annual premiums for property and casualty insurance for businesses.  Agile loans are secured by the unearned premium of the insurance policies and have an average original term of approximately ten months.  . 
Information regarding statistical disclosure required by the Securities and Exchange Commission’s Industry Guide 3 is included in "Table 4 - Statistical Information" of First Financial's 2024 Annual Report to Shareholders for the year ended December 31, 2024, and is incorporated herein by reference.
First Financial's executive office is located at 255 East Fifth Street, Suite 2900, Cincinnati, Ohio 45202, and the telephone number is (877) 322-9530.  We maintain a website with the address 
www.bankatfirst.com
.  The information contained on our website is not included, a part of or incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  First Financial makes available its Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to those reports, free of charge, as soon as reasonably practicable after filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), through its website, www.bankatfirst.com under the “Investor Relations” link, under “Financial Reporting.”  Copies of such reports also can be found on the SEC’s website at 
www.sec.gov
.
Human Capital
As of December 31, 2024, First Financial had approximately 2,090 employees located primarily in the states of Ohio, Indiana, Kentucky, and Illinois.  
Employee Wellbeing
.  Investing in our people is a key part of our culture at First Financial and our programs provide tools for our employees to invest in their health and wellbeing.  The Company firmly believes that wellbeing is directly linked to engagement and engagement is a key pillar in our overall success.  First Financial invests in employees and their families through various programs.  One such program is the “Wellbeing Program,” designed to support employees and their families in a holistic way, focusing on the five core areas of wellbeing: physical, financial, social, community and purpose.  The program provides employees with incentives (such as health savings account contributions, paid time off and reimbursements) in exchange for voluntary participation in a range of activities, including an annual physical, health-risk assessment, webinar participation, community service, financial assistance programs and enrollment in Company sponsored fitness activities.  In 2024, 59% of eligible employees qualified for benefits under the Wellbeing Program.  
Compensation and Benefits.
  First Financial offers employees competitive short-term and long-term compensation, a comprehensive set of benefits including health, dental and vision insurance, free or low-cost access to an independent provider of primary care clinics and behavioral health services, life and disability programs, paid time off, parental leave, product discounts and various expense reimbursement programs.  First Financial also provides all eligible employees with an annual allocation to the First Financial Pension Plan of 5% of eligible annual pay.  The pension allocation is 100% company-paid, 
2
TABLE OF CONTENTS
fully-vested and portable.  The Bank regularly reviews its total rewards practices to ensure compensation is equitable, taking into consideration such factors as experience, education, performance and market data. 
Employee Engagement.
  First Financial believes that talented and engaged employees are critical for the success of the Company, its subsidiaries, its associates and the clients and communities it serves.  First Financial launched its engagement strategy in 2020, partnering with a third party to create a culture of highly engaged employees by measuring employee engagement, providing manager training and coaching and developing action plans to deepen engagement.  In July 2024 First Financial launched its fifth all-associate engagement survey.  The Bank sets clear expectations of managers for high-levels of accountability and to foster engagement principles.  This focus drives the Company's success in improved client relations and outcomes.  The engagement strategy includes coaching and training, intentional action plans, sharing success stories, and highlighting engagement champions.  The 2024 survey results showed a marked increase in engagement from the survey conducted in 2023, reinforcing the belief that employee engagement is strongly woven into the culture.  As in prior years, teams throughout the Bank continue to engage in team huddles, manager and team training, town halls, mentoring, career and leadership development programs, and updated action plans to continue to drive engagement across the Company.  In 2024, we hosted monthly virtual town hall meetings for all associates, sharing business updates, opening the lines of communications and answering associate questions. In conjunction with senior management and town hall meetings, additional pulse surveys were completed which provided insight into our associates’ needs, shaping future engagement strategies.
Respectful Workplace.
  First Financial strives to maintain a workplace that fosters our culture and aligns with our values.  We expect that associates treat each other in a manner consistent with our culture and our policies, whether the individual is a fellow associate, member of management, customer, vendor or visitor to our premises.  We seek out and celebrate differing opinions, expertise and experiences of our employees.  First Financial supports eight associate-led Business Resource Groups (BRGs) designed to facilitate networking and leadership development.  BRGs meet regularly throughout the year and host a variety of in person and virtual engagement opportunities.  
Subsidiaries
A listing of each of First Financial’s subsidiaries can be found in Exhibit 21 to this Form 10-K.
Business Combinations
On February 29, 2024, First Financial acquired Agile Premium Finance for $96.9 million in an all cash transaction.  Agile originates commercial loans for the payment of annual property and casualty insurance for businesses.  The loans are secured by the unearned premium of the policies and have an average term of approximately ten months.  Upon completion of the transaction, Agile became a division of the Bank and continues to operate as Agile Premium Finance, taking advantage of its existing brand recognition within the insurance premium financing industry.  
First Financial acquired $97.8 million of assets and $2.7 million of liabilities in the transaction, resulting in $1.8 million of goodwill.  Acquisition accounting adjustments are considered preliminary at December 31, 2024.  Operating results from the Agile acquisition have been included in the Consolidated Statements of Income since the acquisition date
Acquisition accounting adjustments are considered preliminary at December 31, 2024, and are subject to refinement for up to one year after the closing date of the acquisition as additional information relative to closing date fair values become available. The measurement period for the Agile acquisition ends in February 2025.  
Market and Competitive Information
First Financial utilizes a community banking business model and serves a combination of metropolitan and non-metropolitan markets through its full-service banking centers primarily in Indiana, Ohio, Kentucky and Illinois.  Market selection is based upon a number of factors, but markets are primarily chosen for their potential for growth, long-term profitability and customer reach.  First Financial’s goal is to develop a competitive advantage through a local market focus, building long-term relationships with clients to help them reach greater levels of financial success.
We also compete on a nationwide basis through Oak Street, which lends to the insurance industry, registered investment advisors, certified public accountants and indirect auto finance companies, First Franchise, which lends to restaurant franchisees, Bannockburn, which provides foreign exchange services to customers throughout the United States, and Summit, which provides equipment financing to commercial businesses to the United States and Canada.
3
TABLE OF CONTENTS
The Company’s markets support many different types of business activities, such as manufacturing, agriculture, education, healthcare and professional services.  Within these markets, growth is projected to continue in key demographic groups and populations.  First Financial’s market evaluation includes demographic measures such as income levels, median household income and population growth.  The Midwestern markets that First Financial serves have historically not experienced the level of economic volatility experienced in other areas of the country, although material fluctuations may occur.  
First Financial believes that it is well positioned to compete in its markets.  Smaller than super-regional and multi-national bank holding companies, First Financial believes that it can meet the needs of its markets through a local decision-making process and that it is better positioned to compete than smaller community banks that may have size or geographic limitations.  First Financial’s targeted customers include individuals and small to medium sized businesses within the Bank's geographic footprint.  Through its diversified delivery systems of banking centers, ATMs, internet banking and telephone-based transactions, First Financial is able to meet the needs of its customers in an ever-changing marketplace.
First Financial faces strong competition from financial institutions and other non-financial organizations.  Its competitors include local and regional financial institutions, savings and loans and bank holding companies, as well as some of the largest banking organizations in the United States.  In addition, other types of financial institutions, such as credit unions, offer a wide range of loan and deposit services that are competitive with those offered by First Financial.  The consumer is also served by brokerage firms and mutual funds that provide checking services, credit cards, margin loans and other services similar to those offered by First Financial.  Online lenders also create additional competition, particularly in the mortgage and consumer lending areas.  Major consumer retail stores compete for loans by offering credit cards and retail installment contracts.  It is anticipated that competition from other financial and non-financial services entities will continue and, for certain products and services, intensify.  First Financial also competes with Financial Technology Companies (“FinTechs”) which provide similar services to financial institutions while operating predominantly online and without the use of physical branch locations in a customer’s market area. Digital assets and cryptocurrencies also operate as competitors, as many of these digital assets and cryptocurrencies seek to provide payment functionality. Many customers either hold or may consider holding money that would typically be held in deposit accounts or investments in the form of digital assets or cryptocurrencies, which serves as competition for deposits.
Supervision and Regulation
First Financial and its subsidiaries are subject to an extensive system of laws and regulations that are intended primarily for the protection of consumers, depositors, borrowers, the Deposit Insurance Fund (DIF) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC), and the banking system in general and not for the protection of shareholders.  These laws and regulations govern areas such as capital, permissible activities, allowance for credit losses, loans and investments, interest rates that can be charged on loans and consumer protection communications and disclosures.  Certain elements of selected laws and regulations are described in more detail in the sections that follow.  These descriptions are not intended to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of the statutes and regulations described.
Bank Holding Company Regulation
As a bank holding company that has elected to become a financial holding company, First Financial is subject to the provisions of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the BHCA), and is subject to supervision and examination by the Federal Reserve Board.  The BHCA requires prior approval by the Federal Reserve Board in any case where a financial holding company proposes to: (i) acquire direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 5% of the voting shares of any bank that is not already majority-owned by the financial holding company; (ii) acquire all or substantially all of the assets of another bank or another financial or bank holding company; or (iii) merge or consolidate with any other financial or bank holding company.  In addition, First Financial’s acquisition of a savings and loan association requires prior Federal Reserve Board approval.  
A qualifying bank holding company that has elected to become a financial holding company may affiliate with securities firms and insurance companies and engage in other activities that are financial in nature and not otherwise permissible for a bank holding company, if: (i) the holding company is "well managed" and "well capitalized" and (ii) each of its subsidiary banks (a) is well capitalized under the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Act of 1991 prompt corrective action provisions, (b) is well managed, and (c) has at least a "satisfactory" rating under the Community Reinvestment Act (CRA).  No regulatory approval is required under the BHCA for a financial holding company to acquire a company, other than a bank or savings association, engaged in activities that are financial in nature or incidental to activities that are financial in nature, as determined by the Federal Reserve Board.  
The Financial Services Modernization Act defines “financial in nature” to include: 
4
TABLE OF CONTENTS
•
securities underwriting, dealing and market making; 
•
sponsoring mutual funds and investment companies; 
•
insurance underwriting and agency; 
•
merchant banking; and 
•
activities that the Federal Reserve Board has determined to be closely related to banking. 
If a financial holding company or a subsidiary bank fails to maintain all requirements for the holding company to maintain financial holding company status, material restrictions may be placed on the activities of the holding company and its subsidiaries and on the ability of the holding company to enter into certain transactions and obtain regulatory approvals for new activities and transactions.  The holding company could also be required to divest itself of subsidiaries that engage in activities that are not permitted for bank holding companies that are not financial holding companies.  If restrictions are imposed on the activities of a financial holding company, the existence of such restrictions may not be made publicly available pursuant to confidentiality regulations of the bank regulatory agencies. 
Each subsidiary bank of a financial holding company is subject to certain restrictions on the maintenance of reserves against deposits, extensions of credit to the financial holding company and its subsidiaries, investments in the stock and other securities of the financial holding company and its subsidiaries and the taking of such stock and securities as collateral for loans to borrowers.  Further, a financial holding company and its subsidiaries are prohibited from engaging in certain tying arrangements in connection with any extension of credit, lease or sale of property or furnishing of any services.  Various consumer laws and regulations also affect the operations of these subsidiaries.
In April 2020, the Federal Reserve Board adopted a final rule to revise its regulations related to determinations of whether a company has the ability to exercise control over another company for purposes of the Bank Holding Company Act.  The final rule expands and codifies the presumptions for use in such determinations.  By codifying the presumptions, the final rule provides greater transparency on the types of relationships that the Federal Reserve Board generally views as supporting a facts-and-circumstances determination that one company controls another company.
The Federal Reserve Board also has extensive enforcement authority over bank holding companies, including the ability to assess civil monetary penalties, issue cease and desist or removal orders, and require that a bank holding company divest subsidiaries (including a subsidiary bank).  In general, the Federal Reserve Board may initiate enforcement actions for violations of laws and regulations and unsafe or unsound practices.  A bank holding company is required by law and Federal Reserve Board policy to act as a source of financial strength to each subsidiary bank and to commit resources to support such subsidiary bank.  The Federal Reserve Board may require a bank holding company to contribute additional capital to an undercapitalized subsidiary bank and may disapprove of the payment of dividends to its shareholders if the Federal Reserve Board believes the payment of such dividends would be an unsafe or unsound practice.
Federal Reserve System
The Federal Reserve Board requires all depository institutions to maintain reserves at specified levels against their transaction accounts, primarily checking accounts.  In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Federal Reserve Board reduced reserve requirement ratios to 0% effective on March 26, 2020, to support lending to households and businesses.  The reserve requirement ratio remained at 0% as of December 31, 2024.
Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief and Consumer Protection Act
The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, as amended (the Dodd-Frank Act), imposes significant regulatory and compliance requirements, including the imposition of increased capital, leverage, and liquidity requirements, and numerous other provisions designed to improve supervision and oversight of, and strengthen safety and soundness within, the financial services sector. 
On May 25, 2018, the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief and Consumer Protection Act (the Regulatory Relief Act) was enacted to modify or remove certain financial reform rules and regulations, including some of those implemented under the Dodd-Frank Act.  Bank holding companies with consolidated assets of less than $100 billion, including First Financial, are no longer subject to the enhanced prudential standards established under the Dodd-Frank Act.  The Regulatory Relief Act also relieves bank holding companies and banks with consolidated assets of less than $100 billion, including First Financial, from certain record-keeping, reporting and disclosure requirements.
Depository Institution Regulation
5
TABLE OF CONTENTS
The Bank, as a bank chartered under the laws of the State of Ohio and a member of the Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland (Federal Reserve Bank), is subject to supervision and examination by the Federal Reserve Board and the Ohio Division of Financial Institutions (ODFI).  The Bank's deposits are insured up to applicable legal limits by the DIF, which is administered by the FDIC and is subject to the provisions of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, as amended (FDIA).  The Bank is also subject to regulations of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB), which was established by the Dodd-Frank Act and has broad powers to adopt and enforce consumer protection regulations.
Regulatory Capital
Financial institutions and their holding companies are required to maintain capital as a way of absorbing losses.  The Federal Reserve Board has adopted risk-based capital guidelines for bank holding companies as well as state banks that are members of a Federal Reserve Bank.  The guidelines provide a systematic analytical framework that makes regulatory capital requirements sensitive to differences in risk profiles among banking organizations, takes off-balance sheet exposures expressly into account in evaluating capital adequacy and incentivizes to holding liquid, low-risk assets.  Capital levels as measured by these standards are also used to categorize financial institutions for purposes of certain prompt corrective action regulatory provisions.        
In July 2013, the United States banking regulators approved final rules (the Basel III Capital Rules) implementing the Basel III framework set forth by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision, as well as certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act.  Community banking organizations, including First Financial and the Bank, began transitioning to the new rules when the new minimum capital requirements became effective on January 1, 2015.  A capital conservation buffer (i.e. common equity) and additional deductions from common equity capital were phased in through January 1, 2019.
The Basel III capital rules include (i) a minimum common equity tier 1 capital ratio of 4.5%, (ii) a minimum tier 1 capital ratio of 6.0%, (iii) a minimum total capital ratio of 8.0% and (iv) a minimum leverage ratio of 4.0%.
Common equity for the common equity tier 1 capital ratio generally consists of common stock (plus related surplus), retained earnings, accumulated other comprehensive income (unless an institution elects to exclude such income from regulatory capital) and limited amounts of minority interests in the form of common stock, subject to applicable regulatory adjustments and deductions.
Tier 1 capital generally consists of common equity as defined for the common equity tier 1 capital ratio, plus certain non-cumulative preferred stock and related surplus, cumulative preferred stock and related surplus, trust preferred securities that have been grandfathered (but which are not otherwise permitted), and limited amounts of minority interests in the form of additional tier 1 capital instruments, less certain deductions.
Tier 2 capital, which can be included in the total capital ratio, generally consists of other preferred capital and subordinated debt meeting certain conditions plus limited amounts of the allowance for credit losses, subject to specified eligibility criteria, less applicable deductions.
The deductions from common equity tier 1 capital include goodwill and other intangibles, certain deferred tax assets, mortgage-servicing assets above certain levels, gains on sale in connection with a securitization, investments in a banking organization’s own capital instruments and investments in the capital of unconsolidated financial institutions (above certain levels).
Under the guidelines, capital is compared to the relative risk included in the balance sheet.  To derive the risk included in the balance sheet, one of several risk weights is applied to different balance sheet and off-balance sheet assets, primarily based on the relative credit risk of the counterparty.  The capital amounts and classification are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about components, risk weightings and other factors.
The Basel III Capital Rules also place restrictions on the payment of capital distributions, including dividends and stock repurchases, and certain discretionary bonus payments to executive officers if the Company does not hold a capital conservation buffer of greater than 2.5% composed of common equity tier 1 capital compared to its minimum risk-based capital requirements, or if its eligible retained income is negative in that quarter and its capital conservation buffer ratio was less than 2.5% at the beginning of the quarter.
Federal banking regulators have established regulations governing prompt corrective action to resolve capital deficient banks.  Under these regulations, institutions that become under-capitalized are subject to mandatory regulatory scrutiny and limitations, which increase as capital continues to decrease.  Each such institution is also required to file a capital plan with its primary federal regulator, and its holding company must guarantee the capital shortfall up to 5% of the assets of the capital deficient institution at the time it becomes under-capitalized.    
6
TABLE OF CONTENTS
In accordance with the Basel III Capital Rules, in order to be “well-capitalized” under the prompt corrective action guidelines, a bank must have a common equity tier 1 capital ratio of at least 6.5%, a total risk-based capital ratio of at least 10.0%, a tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of at least 8.0% and a leverage ratio of at least 5.0%, and the bank must not be subject to any written agreement, order, capital directive or prompt corrective action directive to meet and maintain a specific capital level or any capital measure.  At December 31, 2024, the Bank met the capital ratio requirements to be deemed “well-capitalized.”
A bank with a capital level that might qualify for well capitalized or adequately capitalized status may nevertheless be treated as though the bank is in the next lower capital category if the bank’s primary federal banking supervisory authority determines that an unsafe or unsound condition or practice warrants that treatment.  A bank’s operations can be significantly affected by its capital classification under the prompt corrective action rules.  For example, a bank that is not well capitalized generally is prohibited from accepting brokered deposits and offering interest rates on deposits higher than the prevailing rate in its market without advance regulatory approval.  These deposit-funding limitations can have an effect on the bank’s liquidity.  At each successively lower capital category, an insured depository institution is subject to additional restrictions.  Under-capitalized banks are required to take specified actions to increase their capital or otherwise decrease the risks to the DIF.  Bank regulatory agencies generally are required to appoint a receiver or conservator within 90 days after a bank becomes critically under-capitalized with a leverage ratio of less than 2.0%.  The FDIA provides that a federal bank regulatory authority may require a bank holding company to divest itself of an under-capitalized bank subsidiary if the agency determines that divestiture will improve the bank’s financial condition and prospects.
In December 2018, the federal banking agencies issued a final rule to address regulatory treatment of credit loss allowances under the current expected credit loss (CECL) model (accounting standard).  The rule revised the federal banking agencies’ regulatory capital rules to identify which credit loss allowances under the CECL model are eligible for inclusion in regulatory capital and to provide banking organizations the option to phase in over three years the day-one adverse effects on regulatory capital that may result from the adoption of the CECL model.  Concurrent with the enactment of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Recovery Act (CARES Act) in March 2020, federal banking agencies issued an interim final rule that delayed the estimated impact on regulatory capital resulting from the adoption of CECL.  The interim final rule provided banking organizations that implemented CECL prior to the end of 2020 the option to delay for two years the estimated impact of CECL on regulatory capital relative to regulatory capital determined under the prior incurred loss methodology, followed by a three-year transition period to phase out the aggregate amount of capital benefit provided during the initial two-year delay.  First Financial adopted the capital transition relief over the five year permissible period.
Debit Card Interchange Fees
The “Durbin Amendment” to the Dodd-Frank Act, also known as Regulation II, was enacted into law in July 2010.  The Durbin Amendment limits the amount of interchange fees that banks with assets of $10 billion or more may charge to process electronic debit transactions.  Under the Durbin Amendment and the Federal Reserve Board’s implementing regulations, bank issuers which are not exempt may only receive an interchange fee from merchants that is reasonable and proportional to the cost of clearing the transaction.  The maximum permissible interchange fee is equal to no more than $0.21 plus 5 basis points of the transaction value for many types of debit interchange transactions.  A debit card issuer may also recover $0.01 per transaction for fraud prevention purposes if the issuer complies with certain fraud-related requirements established by the Federal Reserve Board.  In addition, the Federal Reserve Board has rules governing routing and exclusivity that require issuers to offer two unaffiliated networks for routing transactions on each debit or prepaid product.
Limitations on Dividends and Other Payments
There are various legal limitations on the extent to which a subsidiary bank may finance or otherwise supply funds to its parent holding company.  Under applicable federal and state laws, the Bank may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, make loans or extensions of credit to, or investments in the securities of, First Financial.  A subsidiary bank is also subject to collateral security requirements for any loan or extension of credit permitted by such exceptions.  
The Bank may not pay dividends out of its surplus if, after paying these dividends, it would fail to meet the required minimum capital levels established by the Federal Reserve Board.  The amount of dividends payable by the Bank is also restricted if the Bank does not hold a capital conservation buffer as described above.  In addition, the Bank must have the approval of the Federal Reserve Board and the ODFI if a dividend in any year would cause the total dividends for that year to exceed the sum of the Bank’s net income for the current year and the retained earnings for the preceding two years, less required transfers to surplus or to fund the retirement of preferred stock.  Under Ohio law, the Bank may pay a dividend from surplus only with the approval of First Financial (as the sole shareholder of the Bank) and the approval of the ODFI.  Payment of dividends by the 
7
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Bank may be restricted at any time at the discretion of its regulatory authorities, if such regulatory authorities deem such dividends to constitute unsafe and/or unsound banking practices or if necessary to maintain adequate capital.
The ability of First Financial to obtain funds for the payment of dividends, for the servicing of indebtedness and for other cash requirements is largely dependent on the amount of dividends that may be declared by the Bank.  However, because the Federal Reserve Board expects First Financial to serve as a source of strength to the Bank, as discussed above, payment of dividends by the Bank may be restricted at any time at the discretion of the Federal Reserve Board if the Federal Reserve Board deems such dividends to constitute an unsafe and/or unsound banking practice.
The Federal Reserve Board has also issued a policy statement with regard to the payment of cash dividends by financial holding companies and other bank holding companies.  The policy statement provides that, as a matter of prudent banking, a bank holding company should not maintain a rate of cash dividends unless its net income available to common shareholders over the past year has been sufficient to fully fund the dividends, and the prospective rate of earnings retention appears to be consistent with the bank holding company’s capital needs, asset quality, and overall financial condition.  Accordingly, a bank holding company generally should not pay cash dividends that exceed its net income or that can only be funded in ways that weaken the bank holding company’s financial health, such as by borrowing.  Under certain circumstances, a bank holding company must provide notice to the Federal Reserve Board of an intended dividend payment, to which the Federal Reserve Board might object if it determines the payment would be an unsafe or unsound practice.   
Insurance of Accounts
The FDIC maintains the DIF, which insures the deposit accounts of the Bank to the maximum amount provided by law.  The general insurance limit is $250,000 per separately insured depositor.  This insurance is backed by the full faith and credit of the United States government.
The FDIC assesses deposit insurance premiums on each insured institution quarterly based on risk characteristics of the institution.  As a bank with assets of more than $10 billion, First Financial is subject to a deposit assessment based on a scorecard issued by the FDIC.  This scorecard considers, among other things, the Bank’s CAMELS rating, results of asset-related stress testing and funding-related stress, as well as its use of core deposits, among other things.  Depending on the results of the Bank’s performance under that scorecard, the total base assessment rate is between 1.5 and 40 basis points.  The FDIC may also impose a special assessment in an emergency situation.
The FDIA requires the FDIC's Board of Directors to set a target or Designated Reserve Ratio (DRR) for the DIF annually.  The DRR is the total of the DIF divided by the total estimated insured deposits of the industry.  Under the long-range plan, the FDIC set the DRR at 2.0% and set a schedule of assessment rates that would progressively decrease when the DRR reached 2.0% and 2.5%.  The FDIC views the 2.0% DRR as a long-term goal and the minimum level needed to withstand future crises of the magnitude of past crises. Extraordinary growth in insured deposits during the first and second quarters of 2020 caused the DRR to decline below the statutory minimum of 1.35% as of June 30, 2020.  In September 2020, the FDIC Board of Directors adopted a restoration plan to restore the DRR to at least 1.35% by 2028, absent extraordinary circumstances, as required by the FDIC.  The restoration plan maintained the assessment rate schedules in place at the time and required the FDIC to update its analysis and projections for the DIF balance and DRR at least semiannually. 
In the semiannual update for the restoration plan in June 2022, the FDIC projected that the DRR was at risk of not reaching the statutory minimum of 1.35% by September 30, 2028, the statutory deadline to restore the DRR.  Based on this update, the FDIC Board approved an amended restoration plan, and concurrently proposed an increase in initial base deposit insurance assessment rate schedules uniformly by two basis points, applicable to all insured depository institutions.  In October 2022, the FDIC Board finalized the increase with an effective date of January 1, 2023, applicable to the first quarterly assessment period of 2023.  The revised assessment rate schedules are intended to increase the likelihood that the DRR reaches the statutory minimum level of 1.35% by September 30, 2028.  In the FDIC’s most recent semiannual update for the amended restoration plan in October 2024, the FDIC staff projected that the reserve ratio remains on track to reach the statutory minimum of 1.35% ahead of the deadline of September 30, 2028.  As a result, the FDIC staff recommended no changes to the amended restoration Plan and all scheduled assessment rates were maintained.
On November 16, 2023, the FDIC adopted a final rule implementing a special assessment to recover the loss to the DIF arising from the protection of uninsured depositors following the failures of Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank.  The assessment base for the special assessment is equal to an insured depository institution’s estimated uninsured deposits reported for the quarter ended December 31, 2022, adjusted to exclude the first $5 billion in estimated uninsured deposits.  The FDIC began collecting the special assessment at an annual rate of approximately 13.4 basis points, over eight quarterly assessment periods, 
8
TABLE OF CONTENTS
beginning with the first quarter of 2024.  The Bank recorded $0.2 million and $0.9 million of expense related to the special assessment in 2024 and 2023, respectively.  
As of December 31, 2024, the Bank reported $5.9 billion in uninsured deposits.  
As insurer, the FDIC is authorized to conduct examinations of and to require reporting by DIF-insured institutions.  Insurance of deposits may be terminated by the FDIC upon a finding that the institution has engaged or is engaging in unsafe and unsound practices, is in an unsafe or unsound condition to continue operations or has violated any applicable law, regulation, rule, order or condition imposed by the FDIC or written agreement entered into with the FDIC.
Consumer Protection Laws and Regulations
Banks are subject to regular examination to ensure compliance with federal statutes and regulations applicable to their business, including consumer protection statutes and implementing regulations.  The Dodd-Frank Act established the CFPB, which has extensive regulatory and enforcement powers over consumer financial products and services.  As a bank with total assets in excess of $10 billion, the Bank is primarily examined by the CFPB with respect to consumer protection laws and regulations.  The CFPB has adopted numerous rules with respect to consumer protection laws and has commenced related enforcement actions.  The following are just a few of the consumer protection laws applicable to the Bank:
•
The CRA:  imposes a continuing and affirmative obligation to fulfill the credit needs of its entire community, including low- and moderate-income neighborhoods.
•
Equal Credit Opportunity Act:  prohibits discrimination in any credit transaction on the basis of any of various criteria.
•
Truth in Lending Act:  requires that credit terms are disclosed in a manner that permits a consumer to understand and compare credit terms more readily and knowledgeably.
•
Fair Housing Act:  makes it unlawful for a lender to discriminate in its housing-related lending activities against any person on the basis of any of certain criteria.
•
Home Mortgage Disclosure Act:  requires financial institutions to collect data that enables regulatory agencies to determine whether the financial institutions are serving the housing credit needs of the communities in which they are located.
•
Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act:  requires that lenders provide borrowers with disclosures regarding the nature and cost of real estate settlements and prohibits abusive practices that increase borrowers’ costs.
•
Privacy provisions of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act:  requires financial institutions to establish policies and procedures to restrict the sharing of non-public customer data with non-affiliated parties and to protect customer information from unauthorized access.        
The banking regulators also use their authority under the Federal Trade Commission Act to take supervisory or enforcement action with respect to unfair or deceptive acts or practices by banks that may not necessarily fall within the scope of specific banking or consumer finance law.
On July 22, 2020, the CFPB issued a final small dollar loan rule related to payday, vehicle title and certain high cost installment loans (the Small Dollar Rule) that modified a former rule that was issued in November 2013.  Lenders were required to comply with the Small Dollar Rule by June 13, 2022.  Specifically, the Small Dollar Rule revokes provisions contained in the 2013 rule that: (i) provide that it is an unfair and abusive practice for a lender to make a covered short-term or longer-term balloon-payment loan, including payday and vehicle title loans, without reasonably determining that consumers have the ability to repay those loans according to their terms; (ii) prescribe mandatory underwriting requirements for making the ability-to-repay determination; (iii) exempt certain loans from mandatory underwriting requirements; and (iv) establish related definitions, reporting, and recordkeeping requirements.  The effective date for nationwide compliance with the Final Small Dollar Rule is March 30, 2025.
Separately, the federal bank regulatory agencies issued interagency guidance on May 20, 2020, to encourage banks, savings associations, and credit unions to offer responsible small-dollar loans to customers for consumer and small business purposes.  The Small Dollar Rule did not have a material effect on First Financial’s financial condition or results of operations on a consolidated basis in 2023 or 2024. 
9
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Community Reinvestment Act
Under the CRA, every FDIC-insured institution is obligated, consistent with safe and sound banking practices, to help meet the credit needs of its entire community, including low and moderate income neighborhoods.  The CRA requires the appropriate federal banking regulator, in connection with the examination of an insured institution, to assess the institution's record of meeting the credit needs of its community and to consider this record in its evaluation of certain applications to banking regulators, such as an application for approval of a merger or the establishment of a branch.  An unsatisfactory rating may be used as the basis for the denial of an application and will prevent a bank holding company from making an election to become a financial holding company.  As of its most recent examination, the Bank received a CRA rating of “outstanding.”
On October 24, 2023, the federal banking agencies, including the Federal Reserve Board, issued a final rule designed to strengthen and modernize the regulations implementing the CRA. The changes are designed to encourage banks to expand access to credit, investment and banking services in low- and moderate-income communities, adapt to changes in the banking industry, including mobile and internet banking, provide greater clarity and consistency in the application of the CRA regulations and tailor CRA evaluations and data collection to bank size and type.  The applicability date for the majority of the changes to the CRA regulations is January 1, 2026, and additional requirements will be applicable on January 1, 2027; however, these dates are likely to change due to ongoing litigation regarding the CRA rule changes.  First Financial cannot predict the impact the changes to the CRA will have on its operations at this time.
Privacy Rules
Federal banking regulators, as required under the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, as amended (the GLBA), have adopted rules limiting the ability of banks and other financial institutions to disclose nonpublic information about consumers to non-affiliated third parties.  The rules require disclosure of privacy policies to consumers and, in some circumstances, allow consumers to prevent disclosure of certain personal information to non-affiliated third parties.  The privacy provisions of the GLBA affect how consumer information is transmitted through diversified financial services companies and conveyed to outside vendors.
Fiscal and Monetary Policies
The earnings of banks, and, therefore, the earnings of First Financial (and its subsidiaries), are affected by the fiscal and monetary policies of the United States government and its agencies, including the Federal Reserve Board.  An important function of the Federal Reserve Board is to regulate the national supply of bank credit in an effort to prevent recession and to restrain inflation.  Among the procedures used to implement these objectives are open market operations in United States government securities, changes in the discount rate on member bank borrowings, and changes in reserve requirements on member bank deposits.  These policies are used in varying degrees and combinations to directly affect the availability of bank loans and deposits, as well as the interest rates charged on loans and paid on deposits.
Volcker Rule
In December 2013, five federal agencies adopted a final regulation implementing the so-called Volcker Rule provision of the Dodd-Frank Act (the Volcker Rule).  The Volcker Rule placed limits on the trading activity of insured depository institutions and entities affiliated with depository institutions, subject to certain exceptions.  Such trading activity included the purchase or sale as principal of a security derivative, commodity future, option, or similar instrument in order to benefit from short-term price movements or to realize short-term profits.  The Volcker Rule exempted trading in specified United States government, agency, state and/or municipal obligations.  The Volcker Rule also excluded: (i) trading conducted in certain capacities, including as a broker or other agent, through a deferred compensation or pension plan, as a fiduciary on behalf of customers; (ii) trading to satisfy a debt previously contracted; (iii) trading under certain repurchase and securities lending agreements; and (iv) trading in connection with risk-mitigating hedging activities.  Further, the Volcker Rule prohibited a banking entity from having an ownership interest in, or certain relationships with, a hedge fund or private equity fund, also known as “covered funds,” subject to a number of exceptions.  
On June 25, 2020, the federal bank regulatory agencies finalized a rule modifying the Volcker Rule’s prohibition on banking entities investing in or sponsoring covered funds.  The new rule permits certain banking entities to offer financial services and engage in other activities that do not raise concerns that the Volcker Rule was originally intended to address. To the extent First Financial engages in any of the trading activities or has any ownership interests in or relationship with any of the types of funds regulated by the Volcker Rule, First Financial believes that its activities and relationships comply with such rule, as modified through rule-making.
10
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Office of Foreign Assets Control Regulation
The United States Treasury Department’s Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) administers and enforces economic and trade sanctions against targeted foreign countries and regimes, under authority of various laws, including designated foreign countries, nationals and others. OFAC publishes lists of specially designated targets and countries.  First Financial is responsible for, among other things, blocking accounts of, and transactions with, such targets and countries, prohibiting unlicensed trade and financial transactions with them and reporting blocked transactions after their occurrence.  Failure to comply with these sanctions could have serious financial, legal and reputational consequences, including causing applicable bank regulatory authorities not to approve merger or acquisition transactions when regulatory approval is required or to prohibit such transactions even if approval is not required.  Regulatory authorities have imposed cease and desist orders and civil money penalties against institutions found to be violating these obligations.  The Bank has established policies and procedures that it considers to be in compliance with the requirements and obligations of OFAC and the laws it regulates.
Incentive Compensation
Following the adoption of additional listing requirements in 2023 to comply with the Dodd-Frank Act and rules adopted by the SEC in October 2022, public companies are now required to adopt, implement and disclose a "clawback" policy for incentive compensation payments that allows recovery of incentive compensation that was paid on the basis of erroneous financial information necessitating an accounting restatement due to material noncompliance with financial reporting requirements. This clawback policy is intended to apply to compensation paid within the three completed fiscal years immediately preceding the date the issuer is required to prepare a restatement and would cover all executives (including former executives) who received incentive awards. First Financial has adopted and implemented a clawback policy, which is included as Exhibit 97 to this Report.
Transactions with Affiliates; Insider Loans
Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act and Federal Reserve Board Regulation W generally:
•
limit the extent to which a bank or its subsidiaries may engage in “covered transactions” with any one affiliate to an amount equal to 10.0% of the bank's capital stock and surplus;
•
limit the extent to which a bank or its subsidiaries may engage in “covered transactions” with all affiliates to an amount equal to 20.0% of the bank's capital stock and surplus; and
•
require that all such transactions be on terms substantially the same, or at least as favorable to the bank or subsidiary, as those provided to a non-affiliate.
An affiliate of a bank is any company or entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with the bank. The term “covered transaction” includes the making of loans to the affiliate, the purchase of assets from the affiliate, the issuance of a guarantee on behalf of the affiliate, the purchase of securities issued by the affiliate and other similar types of transactions.
A bank’s authority to extend credit to executive officers, directors and greater than 10.0% shareholders, as well as entities such persons control, is subject to Sections 22(g) and 22(h) of the Federal Reserve Act and Regulation O promulgated thereunder by the Federal Reserve Board. Among other things, these loans must be made on terms (including interest rates charged and collateral required) substantially similar to those offered to unaffiliated individuals or be made as part of a benefit or compensation program on terms widely available to employees and must not involve a greater than normal risk of repayment. In addition, the amount of loans a bank may make to these persons is based, in part, on the bank’s capital position, and specified approval procedures must be followed in making loans which exceed specified amounts.
Cybersecurity
In March 2015, federal regulators issued two related statements regarding cybersecurity.  One statement indicates that financial institutions should design multiple layers of security controls to establish several lines of defense and to ensure that their risk management processes also address the risk posed by compromised customer credentials, including security measures to reliably authenticate customers accessing Internet-based services of the financial institution.  The other statement indicates that a financial institution’s management is expected to maintain sufficient business continuity planning processes to ensure the rapid recovery, resumption and maintenance of the financial institution’s operations after a cyber-attack involving destructive malware.  A financial institution is also expected to develop appropriate processes to enable recovery of data and business 
11
TABLE OF CONTENTS
operations and address rebuilding network capabilities and restoring data if the financial institution or its critical service providers fall victim to this type of cybersecurity-attack.  If First Financial fails to observe the regulatory guidance, it could be subject to various regulatory sanctions, including financial penalties.
In November 2021, the FDIC, the OCC and the Federal Reserve Board issued a final rule that became effective in May 2022 requiring banking organizations that experience a computer-security incident to notify certain entities.  A computer-security incident occurs when there is a violation or imminent threat of a violation to banking security policies and procedures, or when actual or potential harm to the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of an information system or the information occurs.  The affected bank must notify its respective federal regulator of the computer-security incident as soon as possible and no later than 36 hours after the bank determines a computer-security incident that rises to the level of a notification incident has occurred.  These notifications are intended to promote early awareness of threats to banking organizations and will help banks react to those threats before they manifest into larger incidents.  This rule also requires bank service providers to notify their customers of a computer-security incident that has caused, or is reasonably likely to cause, a material service disruption or degradation for four or more hours.
State regulators have also been increasingly active in implementing privacy and cybersecurity standards and regulations. Recently, several states have adopted regulations requiring certain financial institutions to implement cybersecurity programs and providing detailed requirements with respect to these programs, including data encryption requirements.  Many states have also recently implemented or modified their data breach notification and data privacy requirements.  First Financial expects this trend of new state-level activity to continue and is actively monitoring developments in the states in which we conduct business.
On July 26, 2023, the SEC adopted final rules that require public companies to promptly disclose material cybersecurity incidents in a Current Report on Form 8-K and detailed information regarding their cybersecurity risk management, strategy, and governance on an annual basis in an Annual Report on Form 10-K. Companies are required to report on Form 8-K any cybersecurity incident they determine to be material within four business days of making that determination.  See “ITEM 1C CYBERSECURITY” of Part 1 of this Report.  These SEC rules, and any other regulatory guidance, are in addition to notification and disclosure requirements under state and federal banking law and regulations.
In the ordinary course of business, First Financial relies on electronic communications and information systems to conduct its operations and to store sensitive data.  First Financial employs an in-depth, layered, defensive approach that leverages people, processes, third-party service providers, encryption and multi-factor authentication technology to manage and maintain cybersecurity controls.  First Financial utilizes a variety of preventative and detective tools to monitor, block, and provide alerts regarding suspicious activity, as well as report on any suspected advanced persistent threats.  Notwithstanding the strength of First Financial’s defensive measures, the threat from cybersecurity-attacks is severe, attacks are sophisticated and increasing in volume, and attackers respond rapidly to changes in defensive measures.  First Financial’s systems and those of its customers and third party service providers are under constant threat and it is possible that First Financial could experience a significant event in the future.  Risks and exposures related to cybersecurity attacks are expected to remain high for the foreseeable future due to the rapidly evolving nature and sophistication of these threats, in addition to the expanding use of internet banking, mobile banking and other technology-based products and services by us and our customers.
Patriot Act
A major focus of governmental policy on financial institutions in recent years has been aimed at combating money laundering and terrorist financing.  In response to the terrorist events of September 11, 2001, the Uniting and Strengthening of America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (the Patriot Act) substantially broadened the scope of United States anti-money laundering laws and regulations by imposing significant new compliance and due diligence obligations, creating new crimes and penalties, and expanding the extra-territorial jurisdiction of the United States.  The Patriot Act gives the United States government powers to address terrorist threats through enhanced domestic security measures, expanded surveillance powers, increased information sharing and broadened anti-money laundering requirements. Title III of the Patriot Act encourage information sharing among bank regulatory agencies and law enforcement bodies.  Further, certain provisions of Title III impose affirmative obligations on a broad range of financial institutions.  Among other requirements, Title III and related regulations require regulated financial institutions to establish a program specifying procedures for obtaining identifying information from customers seeking to open new accounts and establish enhanced due diligence policies, procedures and controls designed to detect and report suspicious activity.  The Bank has established policies and procedures that it considers to be in compliance with the requirements of the Patriot Act.
12
TABLE OF CONTENTS
State Law
As an Ohio-chartered bank, the Bank is subject to regular examination by the ODFI.  State banking regulation affects the Bank’s internal organization and corporate governance, capital distributions, activities, acquisitions of other institutions and branching.  State banking regulation may contain limitations on an institution’s activities that are in addition to limitations imposed under federal banking law.  The ODFI may initiate supervisory measures or formal enforcement actions, and under certain circumstances, it may take control of an Ohio-chartered bank.
13
TABLE OF CONTENTS