Item 3.  Legal Proceedings.
We are from time to time engaged in various litigation matters including the defense of claims of improper or fraudulent loan practices or lending violations, and other matters, and we have a number of unresolved claims pending.  In addition, as part of the ordinary course of business, we are parties to litigation involving claims to the ownership of funds in particular accounts, the collection of delinquent accounts, challenges to security interests in collateral, and foreclosure interests, that are incidental to our regular business activities.  While the ultimate liability with respect to these other litigation matters and claims cannot be 
29
TABLE OF CONTENTS
determined at this time, we believe that damages, if any, and other amounts relating to pending matters, such as costs, are not likely to be material to our consolidated financial position or results of operations.  Reserves are established for these various matters of litigation, when appropriate under FASB ASC Topic 450, Contingencies, based in part upon the advice of legal counsel.
Item 4.  Mine Safety Disclosures.
Not applicable.
30
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Supplemental Item.  Information About Our Executive Officers.
The following table sets forth information concerning the executive officers of First Financial as of February 19, 2025.  The executive officers perform policy-making functions for First Financial.  The officers are elected annually at the organizational meeting of the board of directors and serve until the next organizational meeting, or until their successors are elected and duly qualified. 
Position with
First Financial Bancorp
Age
Archie M. Brown
President and Chief Executive Officer
64
James M. Anderson
EVP, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer
53
Richard S. Dennen
EVP, Chief Corporate Banking Officer
58
Karen B. Woods
EVP, General Counsel and Chief Administrative Officer
56
William R. Harrod
EVP, Chief Credit Officer
57
Amanda N. Neeley
EVP, Chief Consumer Banking and Strategy Officer
44
Gregory A. Harris
President, Yellow Cardinal Advisory Group
56
The following is a brief description of the business experience over the past five years of the individuals named above. 
Archie M. Brown
 - Archie Brown is the President, Chief Executive Officer and a director of First Financial and the Bank, having been appointed to these positions on April 1, 2018 following First Financial’s acquisition of MainSource Financial Group, Inc.  Previously, he served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of MainSource from August 2008 until April 2018 and chairman of the board of MainSource from April 2011 until April 2018.
James M. Anderson
 - Jamie Anderson became the Chief Financial Officer of First Financial and the Bank on April 1, 2018 following the merger of First Financial and MainSource and the Chief Operating Officer in April 2023.  Previously Mr. Anderson served as the Chief Financial Officer of MainSource from January 2006 to April 2018.  Prior to that role, he served in the following roles at MainSource: Administrative Vice President and Principal Accounting Officer from March 2005 to January 2006, Controller and Principal Accounting Officer from March 2002 to March 2005, and Controller from September 2000 to March 2002.  Mr. Anderson is a certified public accountant (inactive). 
Richard S. Dennen
 - Rick Dennen became the Chief Corporate Banking Officer of First Financial in 2021, and is currently responsible for all national commercial businesses of the Bank including business capital and the foreign exchange business.  Mr. Dennen remains the CEO of First Commercial Finance, a division of First Financial Bank, which operates under two subsidiaries of the Bank, Oak Street Funding and First Franchise Capital Corporation, a role he has held since 2015.  Oak Street Funding is a specialty finance company engaged in lending to insurance agencies, registered investment advisors, certified public accountants, energy and indirect auto financing companies.  First Franchise Capital Corporation lends to restaurant franchises.  Mr. Dennen is a certified public accountant.
Karen B. Woods
 - Karen Woods serves as General Counsel and Chief Administrative Officer of First Financial.  She joined First Financial in April 2018 following the merger of First Financial and MainSource and served as General Counsel and Chief Risk Officer from 2018-2022.  She previously served as Corporate Counsel and Chief Risk Officer of MainSource from January 2016 to April 2018.  Prior to joining MainSource, Ms. Woods was a partner at Krieg DeVault LLP in Indianapolis, Indiana where her practice focused on representing financial institutions and corporate clients.  Ms. Woods previously served as a judicial law clerk to the Honorable John G. Baker, Indiana Court of Appeals.
William R. Harrod
 - Bill Harrod is the Chief Credit Officer of First Financial, a role he has held since October 2017.  He is responsible for managing and monitoring the loan portfolio and other related credit functions in a risk appropriate manner 
31
TABLE OF CONTENTS
including underwriting, approval, and collections.  Mr. Harrod first joined First Financial in 2015 and has held various credit and management positions since then in specialty banking, corporate banking, commercial and industrial lending and commercial finance.
Amanda N. Neeley
 - Mandy Neeley is the Chief Consumer Banking and Strategy Officer of First Financial.  Ms. Neeley is responsible for the launch and evolution of the First Financial brand, the introduction of the Premier Business Bank acquisition strategy, the advancement of sales and enterprise customer relationship management processes, and development of a formalized strategic planning program.  Ms. Neeley has spent her entire career in banking with First Financial, beginning as a part-time teller during college and, after graduating in 2003, Marketing Coordinator.  She has held the role of Chief Strategy Officer since 2016 and added the role of Chief Consumer Banking Officer in 2021. 
Gregory A. Harris
 - Greg Harris serves as the president of Affluent Banking and Yellow Cardinal Advisory Group, a division of First Financial Bank.  He is responsible for all aspects of the business line including sales, client experience, investment management, administration, compliance, and operations.  Greg joined First Financial in 2009 and has over 32 years of experience in the financial services industry.  Prior to joining First Financial, Greg served in various leadership capacities at Touchstone Investments, an institutional mutual fund management company and Fund Project Services, Inc., a financial services M&A integration firm he co-founded in 1998.  He began his career at Fifth Third Bank as a product manager within the bank's Trust and Investment business. 
32
TABLE OF CONTENTS
PART II
Item 5
.  
Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.
(a)           
Market information, holders, dividends
First Financial's common shares are listed on The NASDAQ Global Select Stock Market® under the symbol "FFBC."  As of February 19, 2025, our common shares were held by approximately 3,453 shareholders of record, a number that does not include beneficial owners who hold shares in “street name,” or shareholders from previously acquired companies that have not exchanged their stock.  At December 31, 2024, no stock options and 1,002,461 shares of restricted stock were outstanding.  Additional information about stock options, restricted stock and restricted stock units is included in Note 21 - Stock Options and Awards in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in First Financial’s 2024 Annual Report to Shareholders and in Item 12 below. 
The payment of future cash dividends is at the discretion of our Board of Directors and subject to a number of factors, including results of operations, general business conditions, growth, financial condition, regulatory limitation and other factors deemed relevant by the Board.  Further, our ability to pay future cash dividends is subject to certain regulatory requirements and restrictions discussed in the Supervision and Regulation

section in Item 1 above.  For further information see Note 3 - Restrictions on Cash and Dividends in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of First Financial's 2024 Annual Report to Shareholders (included as Exhibit 13 of this report), which is incorporated by reference in response to this item.
Stock Performance Graph
The stock performance graph contained in “Total Return to Shareholders” of First Financial's 2024 Annual Report to Shareholders (included as Exhibit 13 of this report), is incorporated herein by reference in response to this item.
(b)
Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds
None.

(c)
Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
In December 2018 the Board approved a stock repurchase plan pursuant to which the Company was authorized to repurchase up to 5,000,000 shares of common stock through December 31, 2020 (the 2018 Stock Repurchase Plan).  On December 22, 2020, the Board announced that it had authorized a new, two-year stock repurchase plan (the 2020 Stock Repurchase Plan) that provided for the purchase of up to 5,000,000 additional shares of common stock of the Company.  The 2020 Stock Repurchase Plan became effective January 1, 2021, upon the expiration of the 2018 Stock Repurchase Plan.  The Board announced on January 27, 2022, that the 2020 Stock Repurchase Plan was terminated effective December 31, 2021, and replaced with a new plan effective January 1, 2022 (the 2022 Stock Repurchase Plan).  The 2022 Stock Repurchase Plan authorized the purchase of up to 5,000,000 shares of common stock and expired on December 31, 2023.  In December 2023 the Board authorized a new two-year plan effective January 1, 2024, that provides for the purchase of up to 5,000,000 shares of the common stock of the Company (the “2024 Stock Repurchase Plan”).  The Company did not purchase any shares under the 2024 Stock Repurchase Plan in the fourth quarter of 2024.
Item 6.  [Reserved]