Item 3.

Legal Proceedings

36

Item 4.

Mine Safety Disclosures

36

PART II

Item 5.

Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

37

Item 6.

[Reserved]

38

Item 7.

Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

39

Item 7A.

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

50

Item 8.

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

51

Item 9.

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure

83

Item 9A.

Controls and Procedures

83

Item 9B.

Other Information

86

Item 9C.

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections

86

PART III

Item 10.

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance

87

Item 11.

Executive Compensation

87

Item 12.

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters

87

Item 13.

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence

87

Item 14.

Principal Accountant Fees and Services

87

PART IV

Item 15.

Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules

88

Exhibits

88

Item 16.

Form 10-K Summary

92

Signatures

93

Table of Contents

Glossary of Terms

Unless the context requires otherwise, references to “Cytokinetics,” “the Company,” “we,” “us” or “our” in this Form 10-K (defined below) refer to Cytokinetics, Incorporated and its subsidiaries. References to “Notes” in this Form 10-K are to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-K. We also have used other specific terms in this Form 10-K, most of which are explained or defined below:

Term/Abbreviation

Definition

2004 Plan

Cytokinetics’ Amended and Restated 2004 Equity Incentive Plan

2020 RTW Transactions

The transactions contemplated by the RTW Royalty Purchase Agreement, Corxel Aficamten License Agreement and the Common Stock Purchase Agreements, dated July 14, 2020, by and between Cytokinetics and the RTW Investors

2021 RTW Transactions

The transactions contemplated by the Corxel OM License Agreement and the Common Stock Purchase Agreements, dated December 20, 2021 by and between Cytokinetics and the RTW Investors

2022 RPI Transactions

The transactions contemplated by the RP Multi Tranche Loan Agreement and the RP Aficamten RPA

2024 RPI Transactions

The transactions contemplated by the 2024 RP OM Loan Agreement, the RP CK-586 RPA, the RP Stock Purchase Agreement, the 2022 RP Multi Tranche Loan Agreement Amendment and the RP Aficamten RPA Amendment

2026 Notes

Cytokinetics’ 4% convertible senior notes due 2026

2027 Indenture

Indenture Agreement, dated July 6, 2022, between Cytokinetics and U.S. Bank Trust Company, as trustee

2027 Notes

Cytokinetics’ 3.50% convertible senior notes due 2027

ACA

Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act

ACACIA-HCM

Assessment Comparing Aficamten to Placebo on Cardiac Endpoints In Adults with Non-Obstructive HCM

AMBER-HFpEF

our Phase 2 randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind, multi-center, dose-finding clinical trial in patients with symptomatic HFpEF with left ventricular ejection fraction ≥ 60%

Amended ATM Facility

our amended and restated Controlled Equity Offering Sales Agreement

ARR

absolute risk reductions

Astellas Agreement

License and Collaboration Agreement, dated June 21, 2013, between Cytokinetics and Astellas

Astellas FSRA Agreement

Fast Skeletal Regulatory Activator Agreement, dated April 23, 2020 between Cytokinetics and Astellas

Bayer

means Bayer AG and/or any affiliate thereof, including Bayer Consumer Care AG

Bayer License Agreement

means that certain License and Collaboration Agreement, dated November 18, 2024 by and between the Company and Bayer Consumer Care AG, pursuant to which Bayer acquired an exclusive license to develop and commercialize aficamten in Japan, subject to certain reserved development rights.

Cantor

Cantor Fitzgerald & Co.

CEDAR-HCM

 our clinical trial of aficamten in a pediatric population with oHCM

cGCP

current Good Clinical Practice

cGLP

current Good Laboratory Practice

cGMP

current Good Manufacturing Practice

China

People's Republic of China (including the Hong Kong and Macau SARs)

CMC

Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls

CMO

Contract Manufacturing Organizations

COMET-HF

 our Phase 3 multi-center, double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trial to assess the efficacy and safety of omecamtiv mecarbil in patients with symptomatic HFrEF with severely reduced ejection fraction

Table of Contents

Common Stock

our common stock, par value $0.001 per share

Compensation Committee

Compensation and Talent Committee of Cytokinetics’ Board of Directors

Convertible Notes

2026 Notes and 2027 Notes

Corxel

Corxel Pharmaceuticals Limited (formerly known as Ji Xing Pharmaceuticals Limited) and/or its affiliates, including Corxel Pharmaceuticals Hong Kong Limited

Corxel Agreements

Corxel Aficamten License Agreement and Corxel OM License Agreement

Corxel OM License Agreement

means that certain Collaboration and License Agreement, dated December 20, 2021, by and between the Company and Corxel, pursuant to which we granted Corxel and exclusive license to develop and commercialize omecamtiv mecarbil in China and Taiwan

COURAGE-ALS

Clinical Outcomes Using Reldesemtiv on ALSFRS-R in a Global Evaluation in ALS

CPET

cardiopulmonary exercise testing

CRO

Contract Research Organization

CV

cardiovascular

E.U. or EU

European Union

EEA

European Economic Area

EMA

European Medicines Agency

ESPP

employee stock purchase plan

Exchange Act

Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended

FDA

U.S. Food and Drug Administration

Final Payment Amount

As defined in Part II, Item 7 (Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K – Sources and Uses of Cash, Royalty Pharma Transactions

FOREST-HCM

Five-Year, Open-Label, Research Evaluation of Sustained Treatment with Aficamten in HCM

FSTA

fast skeletal muscle troponin activator

Fundamental Change

As defined in the 2027 Indenture

GAAP

Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the U.S.

GALACTIC-HF

Global Approach to Lowering Adverse Cardiac Outcomes Through Improving Contractility in Heart Failure

GDPR

General Data Protection Regulation ((EU) 2016/679)

HCM

hypertrophic cardiomyopathy

HFpEF

heart failure with preserved ejection fraction

HFrEF

heart failure with reduced ejection fraction

HHS

U.S. Department of Health and Human Services

HIPAA

The federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act

ICER

Institute for Clinical and Economic Review

IND

Investigational New Drug

IRA

Inflation Reduction Act of 2022

IRB

Institutional Review Board

KCCQ

Kansas City Cardiomyopathy Questionnaire

KCCQ-OSS

KCCQ Overall Summary Score

LVEF

left ventricular ejection fraction

LVOT

left ventricular outflow tract

LVOT-G

left ventricular outflow tract gradient

MAA

Marketing Authorization Application

Table of Contents

MAPLE-HCM

M
etoprolol vs 
A
ficamten in 
P
atients with
 L
VOT Obstruction on 
E
xercise 
E
ndpoints Capacity in 
HCM

Mavacamten Royalty

certain payments on the net sales of products containing the compound mavacamten pursuant to the Research Collaboration Agreement, dated August 24, 2012, between Cytokinetics and MyoKardia, Inc.

NDA

New Drug Application

nHCM

non-obstructive HCM

NOLs

net operating loss carryforward

NYHA

New York Heart Association

oHCM

obstructive HCM

Ownership Change

As defined in Part 1, Item 1A (Risk Factors) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, Financial Risks

Oyster Point Lease

Lease, dated July 24, 2019, by and between Cytokinetics and KR Oyster Point 1, LLC, as amended

Partial Redemption Limitation

As defined in the 2027 Indenture

PSU

Performance Stock Unit

Radnor Lease

As defined in Part II, Item 8 (Financial Statements and Supplementary Data), Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K - Note 9 (Commitments and Contingencies) – Operating Leases

REMS

Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy

RP Aficamten RPA

Revenue Participation Right Purchase Agreement, dated January 7, 2022, by and between Cytokinetics and Royalty Pharma Investments 2019 ICAV

RP Aficamten RPA Amendment

Amendment No. 1, dated May 22, 2024, to Revenue Participation Right Purchase Agreement, dated January 7, 2022, by and between Cytokinetics and Royalty Pharma Investments 2019 ICAV

RP CK-586 RPA

CK-586 Revenue Participation Right Purchase Agreement, dated May 22, 2024, by and between Cytokinetics and Royalty Pharma Investments 2019 ICAV

RP Multi Tranche Loan Agreement

Development Funding Loan Agreement, dated January 7, 2022, by and among Royalty Pharma Development Funding, LLC and Cytokinetics

RP Multi Tranche Loan Agreement Amendment

Third Amendment, dated May 22, 2024, to Development Funding Loan Agreement, dated January 7, 2022, by and among Royalty Pharma Development Funding, LLC and Cytokinetics

RP OM Liability

As defined in Part II, Item 8 (Financial Statements and Supplementary Data), Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K - Note 3 (Agreements with Royalty Pharma) – 2017 RP Omecamtiv Mecarbil Royalty Purchase Agreement

RP OM Loan Agreement

2024 Development Funding Loan Agreement, dated May 22, 2024, by and among Royalty Pharma Development Funding, LLC and Cytokinetics

RP OM RPA

Royalty Purchase Agreement, dated February 1, 2017, by and between the Cytokinetics and RPI Finance Trust, as amended by Amendment No. 1, dated January 7, 2022

RP Stock Purchase Agreement

Common Stock Option and Purchase Agreement, dated May 22, 2024, by and between Cytokinetics and Royalty Pharma Investments 2019 ICAV

RPDF

Royalty Pharma Development Funding, LLC

RPFT

RPI Finance Trust

RPI ICAV

Royalty Pharma Investments 2019 ICAV

RSU

Restricted Stock Unit

RTW ICAV

RTW Investments ICAV for RTW Fund 1

RTW Investors

RTW Master Fund, Ltd., RTW Innovation Master Fund, Ltd. and RTW Venture Fund Limited

RTW Royalty Holdings

RTW Royalty Holdings Designated Activity Company

Table of Contents

RTW Royalty Purchase Agreement

Royalty Purchase Agreement, dated July 14, 2020, between Cytokinetics and RTW Royalty Holdings

Sanofi

means Sanofi S.A. and/or any affiliates thereof, including Genzyme Corporation

Sanofi License Agreement

means that certain License and Collaboration Agreement, dated July 14, 2020 by and between the Company and Sanofi (as assignee of Corxel), pursuant to which Sanofi has an exclusive license to develop and commercialize aficamten in China and Taiwan

Section 382

Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code

Securities Act

Securities Act of 1933, as amended

SEQUOIA-HCM

Safety, Efficacy, and Quantitative Understanding of Obstruction Impact of Aficamten in HCM

SGLT2

sodium-glucose cotransporter-2

Tax Act

Tax Cuts and Jobs Act

U.S. or US

United States of America

This Form 10-K includes discussion of certain clinical studies relating to various in-line products and/or product candidates. These studies typically are part of a larger body of clinical data relating to such products or product candidates, and the discussion herein should be considered in the context of the larger body of data. In addition, clinical trial data are subject to differing interpretations, and, even when we view data as sufficient to support the safety and/or effectiveness of a product candidate or a new indication for an in-line product, regulatory authorities may not share our views and may require additional data or may deny approval altogether.
CYTOKINETICS and our C-shaped logo are registered trademarks of Cytokinetics in the U.S. and certain other countries. Other service marks, trademarks and trade names referred to in this report are the property of their respective owners.
The information contained on our website, our Facebook, Instagram, YouTube and LinkedIn pages or our Twitter accounts, or any third-party website, is not incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K.

Table of Contents

FORWARD LOOKI
NG STATEMENTS
PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT OF 1995
This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements indicating expectations about future performance and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act, Section 21E of the Exchange Act, and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, that involve risks and uncertainties. We intend that such statements be protected by the safe harbor created thereby. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and our actual results and the timing of events may differ significantly from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements.

In addition, these forward-looking statements are subject to the risks and uncertainties discussed in the “Risk Factors” section and elsewhere in this document. Such statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, and, except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which the statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. New factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict which factors will arise. In addition, we cannot assess the impact of each factor on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements.
In addition, statements that “we believe” and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These statements are based upon information available to us as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and while we believe such information forms a reasonable basis for such statements, such information may be limited or incomplete, and our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all potentially available relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain and investors are cautioned not to unduly rely upon these statements.

7

Table of Contents

PAR
T I