Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the discussion under the headings 
“Our internal computer systems, or those of our CROs, CMOs, supply chain partners, collaboration partners or other contractors or consultants, may fail or suffer security breaches, which could result in a material disruption of our drug development programs” and “Significant disruptions of information technology systems or breaches of data security could adversely affect our business”.
Governance
Cytokinetics’ Board of Directors is aware of the critical nature of managing risks associated with cybersecurity threats. Our Board has established oversight mechanisms designed to ensure effective governance in managing material risks associated with cybersecurity threats because we recognize the significance of these threats to our operational integrity and stakeholder confidence.

34

Table of Contents

Board
 of Directors Oversight
The Audit Committee is central to the Board’s oversight of cybersecurity risks and bears the primary responsibility for this domain.
 The Audit Committee is composed of board members with diverse expertise, including, risk management, technology, and finance. 
The Audit Committee reports to the Board of Directors periodically regarding cybersecurity topics presented to the Audit Committee, and all materials made available to the Audit Committee are available to rest of the Board of Directors.
Mana
gement’s Role Managing Risk
Our Chief Information Security Officer, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer play a pivotal role in informing the Audit Committee on cybersecurity risks. They provide cybersecurity briefings to the Audit Committee on a regular basis, with a minimum frequency of once per year. These briefings encompass a broad range of topics, including as applicable: the current cybersecurity landscape and emerging threats, the status of ongoing cybersecurity initiatives and strategies, incident reports and learnings from any cybersecurity events, and compliance with regulatory requirements and industry practices.
In addition to our scheduled meetings, the Audit Committee, our Chief Information Security Officer, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 maintain an ongoing dialogue regarding emerging or potential cybersecurity risks. Together, they receive updates from one another, as appropriate, on any significant developments in the cybersecurity domain, ensuring the Board’s oversight is proactive and responsive. The Audit Committee actively participates in strategic decisions related to cybersecurity, offering guidance and approval for major initiatives. This involvement ensures that cybersecurity considerations are integrated into the broader strategic objectives of Cytokinetics. The Audit Committee conducts an annual review of the company’s cybersecurity posture and the effectiveness of its risk management strategies. This review helps in identifying areas for improvement and ensuring the alignment of cybersecurity efforts with the overall risk management framework.

Management Personnel in Cybersecurity
Primary 
responsibility
 for assessing, monitoring and managing our risks from cybersecurity threats rests with our Chief Information Security Officer, Mr. Eric Brown, Vice President of Information Technology.

With over 10 years of experience in the field of cybersecurity and over 20 years of experience in IT more broadly, Mr. Brown brings a wealth of expertise to his role.
 His background includes extensive experience as an enterprise 
Chief Information Security Officer. His in-depth knowledge and experience are instrumental in developing and executing our cybersecurity strategies. Our Chief Information Security Officer has overall responsibility for the Company’s IT department and operations, including oversight over the cybersecurity team to ensure efforts to contain and remediate security incidents are sufficient and effective.
Monitor Cybersecurity Incidents
The CISO is responsible for informing himself from appropriate sources about the latest developments in cybersecurity, including potential threats and innovative risk management techniques. The CISO implements and oversees processes for the monitoring of our information systems. This includes the deployment of security measures and system audits to identify potential vulnerabilities. In the event of a cybersecurity incident, the CISO is equipped with a well-defined incident response plan. This plan includes immediate actions designed to mitigate the impact and long-term strategies for remediation and prevention of future incidents.
Reporting to Board of Directors
Our Chief Information Security Officer
, in his capacity, regularly 
informs
 our executive management team of material cybersecurity risks and incidents.
 This is how executive management is kept abreast of our cybersecurity posture and potentially material cybersecurity risks facing Cytokinetics. Furthermore, significant cybersecurity matters, and strategic risk management decisions are escalated by any of our executive officers to the Audit Committee, so that the Audit Committee can oversee and provide guidance on critical cybersecurity issues.

35

Table of Contents