Item 3.
Legal Proceedings
37
Item 4.
Mine Safety Disclosures
37
PART II
38
Item 5.
Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
38
Item 6.
[Reserved]
40
Item 7.
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
40
Item 7A.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
52
Item 8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
54
Item 9.
Changes in and Disagreements 
W
ith Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
92
Item 9A.
Controls and Procedures
92
Item 9B.
Other Information
92
Item 9C.
Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections
93
PART III
93
Item 10.
Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
93
Item 11.
Executive Compensation
93
Item 12.
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
94
Item 13.
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
,
 and Director Independence
94
Item 14.
Principal Accountant Fees and Services
94
PART IV
95
Item 15.
Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules
95
Item 16.
Form 10-K Summary
98
Signatures
99
Invisalign, Align, the Invisalign logo, ClinCheck, Invisalign Assist, Invisalign Teen, Invisalign First, Invisalign Go, the Invisalign sonic logo, Vivera, SmartForce, SmartTrack, SmartStage, SmileView, iTero, iTero Element, iTero Lumina, Orthocad, exocad, Align Digital Platform, Invisalign Smile Architect, iTero exocad Connector and exocad Dental CAD, among others, are trademarks and/or service marks of Align Technology, Inc. or one of its subsidiaries or affiliated companies and may be registered in the United States and/or other countries.
2
In addition to historical information, this annual report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”). These statements include, among other things, our expectations and intentions regarding our strategic objectives and the means to achieve them, our beliefs and expectations regarding macroeconomic conditions, including fluctuations in currency exchange rates, inflation, higher interest rates, market volatility, threats or actual imposition of tariffs, threats of or actual economic slowdowns or recessions, our expectations and beliefs regarding customer and consumer purchasing behavior and changes in consumer spending habits, our expectations regarding product mix, product launches, product pilots and product adoption, our expectations regarding competition and our ability to compete in our target markets, our expectations regarding the sales growth of our intraoral scanners, clear aligners and other products, our expectations regarding the impact of the military conflicts in the Middle East and Ukraine and our operations and assets in Israel and Russia, our marketing and efforts to build our brand awareness, our estimates regarding the size and opportunities of the markets we are targeting along with our expectations for growth in those markets and potential collaboration opportunities, our beliefs regarding the impact of technological innovation in general, and in our solutions and products in particular, on target markets and patient care, our beliefs regarding digital dentistry and its potential to impact our business, our intentions regarding expanding our business, including its impact on our operational flexibility and responsiveness to customer demand, our expectations regarding our tax positions and the judgements we make related to our tax obligations, our beliefs regarding the importance of our manufacturing operations on our success, our beliefs regarding the need for and benefits of our technological development on Invisalign treatment, the areas of development in which we focus our efforts, and the advantages of our intellectual property portfolio, our beliefs regarding our business strategy and growth drivers, our expectations regarding the utilization rates for our products, including the impact of marketing on those rates and causes for periodic fluctuations of the rates, our expectations regarding the existence and impact of seasonality, our expectations regarding the productivity impact sales representatives will have on our sales and the impact of specialization of those representatives in sales channels, our expectations regarding the continued expansion of our international markets and their growth, our expectations regarding impacts or staying in compliance with laws and regulations currently applicable to, or which may become applicable to, our business both in the United States and internationally, our beliefs regarding our culture and commitment and its impact on our financial and operational performance and its importance to our future success, our expectations for future investments in and benefits from sales and marketing activities, our preparedness and our customers’ preparedness to react to changing circumstances and demand, our expectations for our expenses and capital obligations and expenditures in particular, our intentions to control spending and for investments, our intentions regarding the investment of and ability to repatriate foreign earnings, our belief regarding the sufficiency of our cash and investment balances and borrowing capacity, our judgments regarding the estimates used in our revenue recognition and assessment of goodwill and intangible assets, our predicted level of operating expenses and gross margins and other factors beyond our control, as well as other statements regarding our future operations, financial condition and prospects and business strategies. These statements may contain words such as “expects,” “anticipates,” “intends,” “plans,” “believes,” “estimates,” or other words indicating future results. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in Part II, Item 7 “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” and in particular, the risks discussed below in Part I, Item 1A “Risk Factors.” We undertake no obligation to revise or update these forward-looking statements. Given these risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements.
PART I