Item 2. Properties
 for a description of these facilities, their joint owners, and the related lease arrangements.

Transmission Investments

ATC owns and operates electric transmission facilities primarily in Wisconsin. MGE received an interest in ATC when it, in coordination with other Wisconsin electric utilities, contributed its electric transmission facilities to ATC as required by Wisconsin law. That interest is presently held by MGE Transco, a wholly-owned subsidiary of MGE Energy. As of December 31, 2024, MGE Transco held a 3.6% ownership interest in ATC.

In 2016, ATC Holdco was formed by several of the members of ATC, including MGE Energy, to explore electric transmission development and investments outside of Wisconsin, which typically have long development and investment lead times before becoming operational. MGE Energy's ownership interest in ATC Holdco is held by MGEE Transco, a wholly-owned subsidiary of MGE Energy. As of December 31, 2024, MGEE Transco held a 4.4% ownership interest in ATC Holdco.

Environ
mental Regulation

MGE Energy and MGE are subject to frequently changing local, state, and federal regulations concerning air quality, water quality, land use, threatened and endangered species, hazardous materials handling, and solid waste disposal. These regulations affect the manner in which we conduct our operations, the costs of those operations, as well as capital and operating expenditures. Several of these environmental rules are subject to legal challenges, reconsideration and/or other uncertainties. Regulatory initiatives, proposed rules, and court challenges to adopted rules could have the potential to have a material effect on our capital expenditures and operating costs. Management believes compliance costs will be recovered in future rates based on the previous treatment of environmental compliance projects. In addition to the regulations discussed below, MGE continues to track state and federal initiatives such as potential state and federal regulations governing surface water and/or groundwater containing per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS), potential changes to regulations governing polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB), potential changes to air and water standards, and potential climate change legislation.

In February 2021, MGE and the other co-owners of Columbia announced plans to retire that facility. The co-owners intend to retire Unit 1 and Unit 2 by the end of 2029. Final timing and unit retirement dates are subject to change depending on operational, regulatory, capacity needs, and other factors impacting the Columbia co-owners. The effects of the environmental compliance requirements discussed below will depend upon the final Columbia retirement dates approved, applicable regulations at that time, and required compliance dates.

Water Quality

Effluent Limitations Guidelines and Standards for Steam Electric Power Generating Point Source Category

The EPA's promulgated water Effluent Limitations Guidelines (ELG) and standards for steam electric power plants focus on the reduction of metals and other pollutants in wastewater from new and existing power plants. MGE's Columbia plant and Elm Road Units are subject to this rule. In May 2024, the EPA finalized the ELG rule that further regulates wastewater discharges associated with coal-fired power plants. The rule focuses on wastewater discharges from flue gas desulfurization, combustion residual leachate, and bottom ash transport water.

The rule also regulates legacy wastewater that is discharged from certain surface impoundments.

12

See 
Footnote 16.a.
 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Report for further discussion of compliance plans for Columbia and the Elm Road Units. Based on previous treatment of environmental compliance projects, management believes that any compliance costs will be recovered in future rates.

Cooling Water Intake Rules (Section 316(b))

Section 316(b) of the Clean Water Act requires that cooling water intake structures at electric power plants meet best available technology (BTA) standards to reduce mortality from entrainment (drawing aquatic life into a plant's cooling system) and impingement (trapping aquatic life on screens of cooling water intake structures). The EPA finalized its Section 316(b) rule for existing facilities in 2014. Section 316(b) requirements are implemented in Wisconsin through modifications to WPDES permits, which govern plant wastewater discharges.

Blount received its most recent WPDES permit from the Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources (WDNR) in October 2023. Blount's latest WPDES permit assumes that the plant meets BTA standards for entrainment for the duration of this permit which expires in 2028. The WDNR included a requirement to conduct an optimization study to demonstrate compliance with impingement BTA standards in the latest permit which needs to be completed by January 2028. Once the WDNR determines the impingement requirements at Blount, MGE will be able to determine any compliance costs of meeting Blount's permit requirements. Based on previous treatment of environmental compliance projects, management believes that any compliance costs will be recovered in future rates.

Intakes at Columbia are subject to this rule. The Columbia operator timely submitted its renewal application to the WDNR. BTA improvements required by the future renewal permit will be coordinated with the owners' plan to retire both units by the end of 2029. MGE will continue to work with Columbia's operator to evaluate regulatory requirements in light of the planned retirements. MGE does not expect this rule to have a material effect on Columbia.

Air Quality

Air quality regulations promulgated by the EPA and WDNR in accordance with the Federal Clean Air Act and the Clean Air Act Amendments of 1990 impose restrictions on the emission of particulates, sulfur dioxide (SO
2
), nitrogen oxides (NO
x
), hazardous air pollutants and other pollutants, and require permits for the operation of emission sources. These permits must be renewed periodically. Various newly enacted and/or proposed federal and state initiatives may result in additional operating and capital expenditure costs for fossil-fueled electric generating units. Based on previous treatment of environmental compliance projects, management believes that any compliance costs will be recovered in future rates.

Ozone NAAQS

The Elm Road Units are located in Milwaukee County, Wisconsin, a nonattainment area for the 2015 Ozone NAAQS. At this time, the operator of the Elm Road Units does not expect that the 2015 Ozone NAAQS or the Milwaukee County nonattainment designation will have a direct material effect on the Elm Road Units.

Fine Particulate Matter (PM2.5) NAAQS

In March 2024, the EPA published a final rule to lower the average annual PM2.5 NAAQS from 12 ug/m3 to 9 ug/m3, effective May 2024. The new annual PM2.5 NAAQS could impact Milwaukee County, where the Elm Road units are located, if the county is determined to be in nonattainment. A nonattainment designation would require the State of Wisconsin to develop a plan to get into attainment, which would likely include additional limitations for new and modified plants in the county. With the planned transition of the Elm Road Units to natural gas, there is a low probability for the need of additional emission limitations. However, the final impact of this rule will not be known until PM monitoring data from 2023 and 2024 is evaluated and approved, the EPA determines the attainment status of Wisconsin counties, and the State of Wisconsin develops an attainment implementation plan. MGE will continue to follow the rule's developments.

Rules regulating nitrogen oxide (NO
x
) and sulfur dioxide (SO
2
) emissions, including the Cross State Air Pollution Rule (CSAPR) and Clean Air Visibility Rule

The EPA's CSAPR and its progeny are a suite of interstate air pollution transport rules designed to reduce ozone and PM2.5 ambient air levels in areas that the EPA has determined as being significantly impacted by pollution from upwind states. This is accomplished through a reduction in NO
x
 and SO
2
 from qualifying fossil-fuel fired power plants and industrial boilers in upwind "contributing" states. NO
x
 and SO
2
 contribute to fine particulate pollution and NO
x
 contributes to ozone formation in downwind areas. Reductions are generally achieved through a cap-and-trade system. Individual plants can meet their caps through reducing emissions and/or buying allowances on the market.

13

In 2023, the EPA finalized its Federal Implementation Plan to address state obligations under the Clean Air Act "good neighbor" provisions for the 2015 Ozone NAAQS. The EPA has temporarily halted the enforcement of the Good Neighbor Plan's requirements for all pollution sources in states affected by the plan, including Wisconsin. This action follows legal challenges to the plan. While the EPA addresses these concerns, interim rules have been implemented. See 
Footnote 16.a.
 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this Report for further discussion of the proposed rule.

Clean Air Visibility Rule

Columbia is subject to the best available retrofit technology (BART) regulations, a subsection of the Clean Air Visibility Rule, which may require pollution control retrofits. Columbia's existing pollution control upgrades, and the EPA's stance that compliance with the CSAPR satisfies the requirements of BART, should mean that Columbia will not need to do additional work to meet BART requirements. Wisconsin's 2021 SIP argues that Wisconsin will meet its current regional haze goals based on expected emissions reductions, which include the planned Columbia unit retirements. Given that the Wisconsin SIP recognizes the Columbia unit retirements as part of its emission reduction plan, MGE does not anticipate further obligations with respect to this rule at Columbia. MGE will continue to monitor legal developments and any future updates to this rule.

Global Climate Change

MGE produces greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, primarily from the fossil fuel generating facilities it uses to meet customers' energy needs, as well as from its natural gas pipeline system and fleet vehicles. Climate change and the regulatory response to it could significantly affect our operations in a number of ways, including increased operating costs and capital expenditures, restrictions on energy supply options, operational limits on our fossil fuel fired plants, permitting difficulties, and emission limits. MGE would expect to seek and receive rate recovery of associated compliance costs, if and when required. MGE continues to monitor proposed climate change legislation and regulation.

MGE has taken steps to address GHG emissions. MGE is targeting net-zero carbon electricity by 2050. In January 2022, MGE built on previously set carbon emissions goals for 2030, announcing a goal to reduce carbon at least 80% by 2030 (from 2005 levels) as MGE works toward achieving net-zero carbon electricity. This goal surpassed MGE's previous expectation to reduce carbon emissions at least 65% by 2030. MGE has an ongoing transition plan to eliminate coal generation with the retirement of Columbia by the end of 2029 and Elm Road transition from coal to natural gas by the end of 2032. Also under the 2030 framework, MGE aims to increase renewable energy to 25% of retail electric sales by 2025 and to 30% by 2030. See "Electric Utility Operations - Fuel supply and generation" above for further information.

Building upon MGE's long-standing commitment to providing affordable, sustainable energy, MGE has set a goal to achieve net-zero methane emissions from its natural gas distribution system by 2035. If MGE can accelerate plans to achieve net-zero methane emissions from its natural gas system – through the evolution of new technologies, such as renewable natural gas – it will. MGE is working to reduce overall emissions from its natural gas distribution system in a quick and cost-effective manner.

Greenhouse Gas Reduction Guidelines under the Clean Air Act 111(d) Rule

In May 2024, the EPA published its final performance standards and emission guidelines under section 111(b) of the Clean Air Act for carbon dioxide emissions from new combustion turbines and existing fossil-fuel fired boilers used to produce electricity. The final rule grants some emissions flexibility for existing coal-fired units that retire and/or fuel switch by certain dates. For existing natural gas boiler units, the final rule establishes a process where states must submit plans to the EPA for establishing standards. States will have two years from the publication date of these rules to submit plans to the EPA for review and approval. The EPA has indicated that it is separately developing performance standards and emission guidelines for GHG emissions from existing natural gas-fired combustion turbines. MGE's preliminary evaluation of the final rule shows that MGE meets the requirements for the gas-fired boilers at Blount. Furthermore, MGE will meet the requirements for the coal-fired units at Columbia through planned unit retirements and the Elm Road Units through its transition to natural gas. MGE will monitor for any upcoming rulemaking planned for gas-fired combustion turbines.

Federal Action on Climate Change

In January 2025, President Trump signed several executive orders relating to energy and climate policy, including directing his administration to withdraw the U.S. from the Paris Climate Accords. MGE is following the development of recommendations and plans developed by agencies as a result of executive orders, as well as other executive actions taken by the Trump administration, to determine their applicability to MGE's decarbonization, investment and environmental compliance plans and to evaluate any potential impact to our operations.

14

State and Regional Action on Climate Change

In August 2019, Wisconsin Governor Tony Evers signed an executive order to establish the Office of Sustainability and Clean Energy (OSCE). The order tasks the OSCE with, among other things, ensuring that the actions of the State of Wisconsin are aligned with the goals and recommendations of the Paris Agreement, verifying that electricity consumed by the State of Wisconsin is 100% carbon-free by 2050, and developing a comprehensive multi-sector clean energy plan for the state. In April 2022, the OSCE released Wisconsin's Clean Energy Plan. The plan includes a goal to achieve net zero carbon by 2050. MGE is engaged in this process by participating on a Stakeholder Advisory Team in a voluntary capacity. MGE will continue to evaluate this plan for its applicability to MGE's decarbonization plans and to evaluate potential impact to our operations.

Solid Waste

Coal Combustion Residuals (CCR) Rule

The CCR rule regulates the disposal of solid waste coal ash and defines what ash use activities would be considered generally exempt beneficial reuse of coal ash. The CCR rule also regulates landfills, ash ponds, and other surface impoundments used for coal combustion residuals by regulating their design, location, monitoring, and operation. The CCR rule requires owners and operators of coal-fired power plants to stop transporting CCR and non-CCR wastewater to unlined surface impoundments. Columbia's obligations under this portion of the CCR Rule are now complete. Review of the Elm Road Units has indicated that the costs to comply with this rule are not expected to be significant.

In May 2024, the EPA published its final CCR Legacy Rule. The CCR Legacy Rule applies to previous closed disposal sites. Columbia's operator has evaluated the rule and determined that parts of the rule apply to Columbia's previously closed site.

See 
Footnote 16.a.
 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this Report for further discussion of compliance costs for Columbia. Based on previous treatment of environmental compliance projects, management believes that any compliance costs will be recovered in future rates.

Renewable Energy Standards

Wisconsin law establishes a minimum amount of energy MGE must supply from renewable sources. MGE currently exceeds the applicable minimum requirement of approximately 8%. The costs to comply with this requirement are being recovered in rates.

Human Capital

MGE Energy and MGE are committed to attracting, developing, and retaining a sustainable workforce and aim to foster a diverse, equitable, and inclusive culture.

As of December 31, 2024, MGE Energy and its subsidiaries had 717 employees, 314 of whom were covered by collective bargaining agreements as described below:

Union

Number of Employees Represented

Expiration of Collective Bargaining Agreement

Local Union 2304 of the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers

233

April 30, 2028

Local Union No. 39 of the Office and Professional Employees International Union

77

May 31, 2028

Local Union No. 2006, Unit 6 of the United Steel, Paper and Forestry, Rubber, Manufacturing, Energy, Allied Industrial, and Service Workers International Union

4

October 31, 2028

As of December 31, 2024, women and ethnic minorities represented 25% and 10% of our total workforce, respectively.

Governance

The Human Resources and Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of MGE Energy oversees MGE Energy's human resource strategies. It also evaluates performance (reviewing the salaries, fees and other benefits of officers and directors and recommending compensation adjustments to the board), oversees the design and development of new, and revisions to, compensation and benefit plans, and assists the Board and the Board's Governance Committee with policies. Such policies related to Stock Ownership Guidelines, the recovery, or the "clawback" of, excess compensation based on erroneous data, and succession planning.

Development and Training

The energy industry is ever-changing. MGE believes it is important to continue to engage human capital resources as the industry evolves. MGE is committed to sustainable workforce practices such as career development and training. MGE offers all employees the opportunity to learn and grow—whether the goal is to increase job proficiency, improve decision-making skills, or prepare for

15

new roles and responsibilities. MGE works to provide employees with the tools they need to be successful in their careers. This strategy is essential given MGE's aging workforce. All employees have access to a variety of learning resources to help ensure they are equipped with the knowledge and skills to effectively navigate the evolving utility industry.

Workplace Culture

MGE supports an inclusive, respectful work environment where individuals and groups can achieve their full potential. MGE seeks to attract and retain the best people to do the job. A wide range of backgrounds, cultures, and experiences strengthens MGE's work environment. MGE's goal is to create a healthy, inclusive, and productive work environment for all MGE employees. MGE has an employee-led steering team that works to engage employees and identify opportunities for supporting diversity, equity and inclusion throughout the workforce. As a community energy company, this commitment creates value-added partnerships with the broader community.

Safe and Healthy Working Conditions

"We power safety. Work safe. Home safe." That is the commitment at MGE, and it is embraced by employees. MGE's journey to safety excellence is guided by the Safety Steering Team. The team meets regularly to examine safety topics and to identify and to prioritize continuous improvement opportunities. MGE goes beyond applicable occupational health and safety standards by involving employees from all levels of the organization in the continuous improvement of the company-wide safety culture. MGE's continuous improvement process incorporates safety perception surveys, improvement projects, and monitoring of leading indicators. Stop Work Authority is an employee-developed program to communicate the right every worker has to stop any unsafe work activity.

MGE encourages employees across the company to make health and wellness a priority. Good health brings vitality and energy to employees' work lives and home lives. MGE's programs to promote health and wellness include hybrid work schedules, the Healthy Rewards program, and access to occupational therapists for sprain and strain prevention and ergonomic assessments.

Financial Information About Segments

See 
Footnote 22
 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Report for financial information relating to MGE Energy's and MGE's business segments.

Information About our Execut
ive Officers

The names, ages, and positions of MGE Energy and MGE's executive officers are listed below along with their business experience during the past five years.

Executive

Title

Effective
Date

Service
Years as
an Officer

Jeffrey M. Keebler
(a)

Chairman of the Board, President, and Chief Executive Officer

10/01/2018 – present

13

Age: 53

Jared J. Bushek
(a)

Vice President – Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer

03/01/2023 – present

9

Age: 44

Vice President – Finance, Chief Information Officer and Treasurer

09/01/2020 – 03/01/2023

Assistant Vice President – Chief Information Officer

07/23/2015 – 09/01/2020

Lynn K. Hobbie
(b)

Executive Vice President – Marketing and Communications

03/01/2017 – present

30

Age: 66

Jenny L. Lagerwall
(a)

Assistant Vice President – Accounting and Controller (Chief Accounting Officer)

07/01/2024 – present

1

Age: 41

Assistant Vice President – Accounting

03/01/2024 – 07/01/2024

Director – Financial Reporting

10/01/2015 – 03/01/2024

James J. Lorenz
(b)

Vice President – Energy Operations

05/01/2021 – present

6

Age: 58

Assistant Vice President – Energy Operations

10/01/2018 – 05/01/2021

Cari Anne Renlund
(a)

Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary

09/01/2020 – present

9

Age: 51

Vice President and General Counsel

11/02/2015 – 09/01/2020

Scott R. Smith
(b)

Vice President – Business and Regulatory Strategy

05/01/2021 – present

6

Age: 53

Assistant Vice President – Business and Regulatory Strategy

03/01/2018 – 05/01/2021

(a)
Executive officer of MGE Energy and MGE.

(b)
Executive officer of MGE.

16

Item 1A. Ris
k Factors.

MGE Energy and our subsidiaries, including MGE, operate in a regulated market environment that involves significant risks, many of which are beyond our control. The following risk factors may adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial position and market price for our publicly traded securities. While we believe we have identified and discussed below the key risk factors affecting our business, additional unknown risks and uncertainties may adversely affect our performance or financial condition in the future.

Regulatory Risk

We are subject to extensive government regulation in our business, which affects our costs and responsiveness to changing events and circumstances.

Our business is subject to regulation at the State and federal levels. The regulations adopted by the State and federal agencies affect how we do business, our ability to undertake specified actions since pre-approval or authorization may be required for projects, the costs of operations, and the rates charged to recover those costs. Our ability to attract capital also depends, in part, upon our ability to recover our costs and obtain a fair return for shareholders.

MGE Energy is subject to regulation as a holding company by the PSCW. The PSCW regulates MGE's rates; terms and conditions of service; various business practices and transactions; financing; the closure of generating facilities and related cost recovery; and transactions between it and its affiliates, including MGE Energy. MGE is also subject to regulation by the FERC, which regulates certain aspects of its business.

MGE is subject to oversight and monitoring by MISO. Possible changes to MISO's accredited capacity methodology may impact generating facilities such as solar and wind which may require adjustments to the current resource plan. We may need to add additional resources to comply with MISO's planning reserve margin requirements or procure capacity in the market whereby such costs might not be recovered in rates. The lack of availability of new and existing generating facilities may also impact our current resource plan in order to conform our plan with MISO's methodology.

ATC, in which we have an investment, is subject to regulation by FERC as to, among other things, rates.

Our utility revenues are subject to regulatory proceedings and/or negotiated settlements, which can affect our ability to recover, and the timing of recovery of, costs that we incur in our operations.

Our utility customer rates have a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. Our ability to obtain adjustments to those rates depends upon timely regulatory action under applicable statutes and regulations. These proceedings typically involve multiple parties, including governmental bodies and officials, consumer advocacy groups, and various consumers of energy, who focus on differing elements of the rate setting process, including environmental matters and addressing affordability concerns. Decisions are subject to judicial review, potentially leading to additional uncertainty associated with the approval proceedings. Rate regulation provides us an opportunity to recover costs that have been reasonably incurred and the ability to earn a reasonable rate of return on invested capital. However, we have no assurance that our regulators will consider all of our costs to have been reasonably incurred. In addition, our rate proceedings may not always result in rates that fully recover our costs or provide a reasonable return on equity. We estimate the impacts of changes in customer growth and weather as part of our customer rates. Any reduction of sales from these factors may not result in rates that fully recover our costs and may require adjustments to our rates, which we cannot guarantee will be approved.

Under applicable accounting for regulated operations, certain costs and revenues are deferred as regulatory assets and liabilities for future recovery or refund to customers, as authorized by our regulators. If recovery of regulatory assets is not approved or is no longer deemed probable, these costs would be recognized as a current period expense and could materially and adversely impact our operations and financial performance in that period.

We could be subject to higher costs and potential penalties resulting from mandatory reliability standards.

MGE must adhere in its electric distribution system to mandatory reliability standards established by NERC. These standards cover areas such as critical infrastructure protection, emergency preparedness, facility design, and transmission operations, among others. The critical infrastructure protection standards focus on physical and access security of cyber assets, as well as incident response and recovery planning. Compliance with these standards affects our operating costs and any noncompliance could result in sanctions, including monetary penalties.

17

We are subject to changing environmental laws and regulations that may affect our costs and business plans.

We are subject to environmental laws and regulations that affect the manner in which we conduct business, including capital expenditures, operating costs, and potential liabilities. There is uncertainty regarding whether and how the current and future Presidential administrations will address climate change-related matters, including restrictions on greenhouse gas emissions, such as carbon. While it is difficult to know the extent of possible legislation or regulatory activity, there may be an increase in the number and scope of environmental laws and regulations aimed at carbon sources, including fossil-fueled generation and the transportation of natural gas. These possible changes, as well as evolving consumer sentiment, have affected and may continue to affect our business plans, make them more costly, or expose us to liabilities for past, present, or future operations.

Numerous environmental laws and regulations govern many aspects of our present and future operations. These include: air emissions limits and reporting; ambient air quality standards; water quality; water intake and discharges; wetlands; solid and hazardous waste; handling and disposal of hazardous substances; protection of endangered resources, such as threatened and endangered species, protection of cultural resources and archaeological sites; remediation and management of contaminated sites; and control of potential pollution from electric and gas construction sites. These evolving regulations have affected us, and may continue to affect us by, among other items:

•
Introducing uncertainty into our planning and capital expenditures processes, as changes in requirements may affect the timing and choice of compliance methods and require costly revisions to prior plans and commitments.

•
Imposing or modifying limits on the operations of our facilities in order to meet restrictions on air emissions, water use or water discharges.

•
Requiring capital expenditures and changes in operating procedures and costs as a result of the need to install additional pollution controls or more advanced technology or equipment at new or existing facilities.

•
Mandating increasing purchases of renewable energy, which affects the use of existing generation, and energy efficiency initiatives, which affect revenues.

We may be subject to future laws, regulations, or actions associated with public concern with fossil-fuel generation, greenhouse gases, and the effects of global climate change.

Our subsidiaries operate or co-own electric power plants that burn fossil fuels, deliver natural gas, and deliver electricity to customers. These business activities are subject to evolving public concern regarding greenhouse gases (GHG), legislative and regulatory action, and possible litigation in response to that public concern. The primary greenhouse gas associated with our subsidiaries' combustion of fossil fuels, and the largest emission in our system overall, is carbon dioxide (CO
2
).

Our subsidiaries have incurred and may continue to incur costs from more stringent regulation of GHG from power plants, natural gas delivery, GHG used in power distribution, and efficiencies lost during power distribution. While it is difficult to know the extent of possible legislation or regulatory activity, the federal government may consider, and could pass, some form of greenhouse gas legislation or regulations. In addition, litigation by environmental nongovernment organizations targeting GHG emissions from the electric power industry may also occur if the federal government fails to act on greenhouse gas initiatives.

We face risk regarding the recovery of fuel and purchased power costs.

MGE has price risk exposure with respect to the price of natural gas, electricity, coal, emission credits, and oil. MGE burns natural gas in several of its electric generation facilities. In many cases, the cost of purchased power is tied to the cost of natural gas. In the event of an interruption in energy supply, whether due to equipment problems, transmission constraints, or otherwise, we may incur additional costs to obtain alternative sources of energy supply, in order to meet our contractual or regulatory obligations to our customers. Electric fuel rules require Wisconsin utilities to defer electric fuel-related costs that fall outside a symmetrical cost tolerance band around the amount approved for a utility in its annual fuel proceedings. Any over- or under-recovery of the actual costs is determined in the following year and is then reflected in future billings to electric retail customers. The electric fuel-related costs are subject to an excess revenue test. Excess revenues are defined as revenues in the year in question that provide MGE with a greater return on common equity than authorized by the PSCW in MGE's latest rate order. The recovery of under-collected electric fuel-related costs would be reduced by the amount that exceeds the excess revenue test. These costs are subject to the PSCW's annual review of fuel costs completed in the year following the deferral. MGE assumes the risks and benefits of variances that are within the cost tolerance band.

Changes in federal income tax policy or our inability to use or generate tax credits may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows, as well as our credit ratings.

If corporate tax rates or policies are changed, we may be required to take material charges against earnings. If tax rates are increased, there could be timing delays before regulated rates provide for recovery of those tax increases in revenues. In addition,

18

certain IRS tax policies, such as tax normalization and Treasury Regulations and guidance issued in connection with the IRA, may impact our ability to economically deliver certain types of resources relative to market prices. There is uncertainty regarding whether and how the current and future Presidential administrations or U.S. Congress will address tax policy and regulation.

We have historically reduced our consolidated federal and state income tax liability with the use of various tax credits under the applicable tax codes. We may not be able to fully use tax credits if our future federal and state taxable income and related income tax liability is insufficient to permit their use or if we are unable to transfer tax credits to a third party. In addition, any future disallowance of some or all of those tax credits as a result of legislation or an adverse determination by one of the applicable taxing jurisdictions could materially affect our tax obligations and financial results. The IRA introduced new labor requirements that are conditions to qualification for renewable tax credits. Failure to meet these requirements on renewable projects that began construction after January 28, 2023, could result in a significant reduction in the amount of renewable tax credits, which could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations.

Our utility business currently owns and operates renewable energy generating facilities. These facilities produce PTC and ITC used to reduce our federal tax obligations. The amount of tax credits we earn depends on the date the qualifying generating facilities are placed in service and various operating and economic factors, including facility generation, transmission constraints, unfavorable trends in pricing for wind or solar energy, adverse weather conditions, the breakdown or failure of equipment, and the applicable tax credit rate. These factors could significantly reduce the PTC and ITC produced by our wind or solar farms, resulting in increased federal income tax expense. We could also be forced to replace lost generation capacity with additional power purchases from third parties, potentially leading to increased costs. Any of the considerations mentioned above could have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations, which could be material depending upon the cause of the disruption and its duration.

There is also uncertainty as to when or how credit rating agencies, capital markets, the FERC, or state public utility commissions will treat impacts of any future federal or state tax regulation. These impacts could subject us to credit rating downgrades. In addition, certain financial metrics used by credit rating agencies, such as our funds from operations-to-debt percentage, could be negatively impacted by future rulings.

Operating Risk

We are affected by weather, which affects customer demand and can affect the operation of our facilities.

The demand for electricity and gas is affected by weather. Very warm and very cold temperatures, especially for prolonged periods, can dramatically increase the demand for electricity and gas for cooling and heating, respectively, as opposed to the softening effect of more moderate temperatures. Our electric revenues are sensitive to the summer cooling season and, to a lesser extent, the winter heating season. Similarly, very cold temperatures can dramatically increase the demand for gas for heating. A significant portion of our gas system demand is driven by heating. Extreme summer conditions or storms may stress electric systems, resulting in increased maintenance costs and limiting our ability to meet peak customer demand.

We could be adversely affected by changes in the development, and utilization by our customers, of power generation, storage, and use technologies.

Our revenues and the timing of the recovery of our costs could be adversely affected by improvements in power generation, storage, and use technology.

Advancements in power generation technology, including commercial and residential solar generation installations and commercial micro turbine installations, are improving the cost-effectiveness of customer self-supply of electricity. Improvements in energy storage technology, including batteries and fuel cells, could also better position customers to meet their around-the-clock electricity requirements. It is possible that legislation or regulations could be adopted supporting the use of these technologies that permit third-party sales from such facilities, and allow these facilities to interconnect to our distribution system. Improvements in the energy efficiency of lighting, appliances, and equipment will also affect energy consumption by customers. Customers could engage in individual conservation efforts by voluntarily reducing their consumption of electricity through changes in energy use and through the use of more energy efficient lighting, appliances, and equipment. Such developments could reduce customer purchases of electricity but may not necessarily reduce our investment and operating requirements due to our obligation to serve customers, including those self-supply customers whose equipment has failed for any reason to provide the power they need whether due to inadequate on-site resources, restricted operating hours, or equipment failure. In addition, since a portion of our costs are recovered through charges based upon the volume of power delivered, a reduction in electricity deliveries will affect the timing of our recovery of those costs and may require changes to our rate structures.

19

We are affected by local, national, and worldwide economic activity.

MGE Energy's and MGE's operations are affected by local, national and worldwide economic conditions. The consequences of a prolonged period of reduced economic activity may include lower demand for energy, uncertainty regarding energy prices and the capital and commodity markets, and increased credit risk. A decline in energy consumption may adversely affect our revenues and future growth. Increased credit risk reflects the risk that our retail customers will not pay their bills in a timely manner or at all, which may lead to a reduction in liquidity and an eventual increase in bad debt expense.

Higher levels of development and business activity within our service area generally increases the number of customers and their use of electricity and gas. Likewise, recessionary economic conditions generally have an adverse impact on our results of operations. Our business activities, including those of our subsidiaries, are concentrated in the State of Wisconsin. Changes in our local economy could negatively impact the financial condition of our customers, the growth opportunities available to us and our subsidiaries, and our results from operations.

More recently, our operations have been impacted by domestic and global supply chain disruptions which are delaying the delivery of materials, equipment, and other resources that are critical to our business operations and projects under construction, including our renewable energy projects. Supply interruptions could affect our ability to operate and maintain our system and ability to implement our long-term goals. Inflation has also increased prices of equipment, materials, employee wages and benefits, and other resources. Inflationary pressures in the economy could lead to higher expenses which may adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations.

Our operations could be adversely affected by global climate change.

A changing climate creates uncertainty and could result in broad changes, both physical and financial in nature, to our operations. Physical risks arising from extreme weather events and changing climate patterns, including swings in intensity, disruption of operations, infrastructure damage, and impact of customer demand. Extreme weather events could lead to substantial financial losses including increased maintenance costs, or unanticipated capital expenditures. The cost of storm restoration efforts may also not be fully recoverable through the regulatory process. We may also incur costs associated with actions taken due to investor interest in reducing our subsidiaries' reliance on fossil fuel generation, and coal in particular. Investors may also move away from investing in fossil fuel generated electricity for reputational or perceived risk-related reasons, which could raise our costs of attracting capital. If we are seen as being proactive in addressing concerns we may experience reputational issues among our customers and the communities that we serve. Those issues could affect customers' energy choices, including efforts at self-supply, and could affect the handling and treatment of our rate requests and cost recovery. We cannot provide any assurance regarding the potential impacts of climate change or related policies and regulations to reduce GHG emissions on our operations, which could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations.

The ability to obtain an adequate supply of coal could limit the ability to operate the co-owned coal-fired facilities from which we receive a significant portion of our electric supply.

Changes to the availability of coal and the means to transport coal could:

•
Affect our operating costs due to increased costs associated with lower levels of owned generation or the need for alternate coal supply or transportation,

•
Limit the ability to generate electricity if the plant operator is unable to arrange timely deliveries of adequate supplies of coal, and 

•
Result in potentially higher costs for replacement purchased power as well as potential lost market sales opportunities. 

A significant portion of our electric generating capacity is dependent on coal. Demand for coal has been, and may continue to be, impacted by prevailing prices for natural gas and coal plant closures and may affect mine performance. Consequently, we are exposed to the risk that counterparties to these contracts will not be able to fulfill their obligations. Disruption in the delivery of fuel, including disruptions as a result of transportation delays, weather, labor relations, force majeure events, or environmental regulations affecting any of our fuel suppliers, has affected, and could in the future affect our ability to generate electricity at our facilities at the desired level. Should counterparties fail to perform, or other unplanned disruptions occur, we may be forced to fulfill the underlying obligation at higher prices. The Columbia plant operator has been, and the plant operators may be, forced to reduce generation at our jointly-held coal units, which would cause us to replace this generation through additional power purchases from third parties. These factors may also affect the terms under which any of the existing coal supply or transportation agreements are renewed or replaced upon the expiration of their current terms.

20

Our ability to manage our purchased power costs is influenced by a number of uncontrollable factors.

We have been, and will continue to be, exposed to additional purchased power costs to the extent that our power needs cannot be fully covered by the supplies available from our existing facilities and contractual arrangements. Those needs, and our costs, could be affected by:

•
Increased demand due to, for example, abnormal weather, customer growth, or customer obligations,

•
The inability to transmit our owned or contracted power from the generation source to our customers due to transmission line constraints, outages, or equipment failures,

•
Reductions in the availability of power from our owned or contracted generation sources due to equipment failures, shortages of fuel or environmental limitations on operations, and 

•
Failure to perform on the part of any party from which we purchase capacity or energy, whether due to equipment failures or other causes.

An unexpected change in demand or the availability of generation or transmission facilities can expose us to increased costs of sourcing electricity in the short-term market where pricing may be more volatile.

The equipment and facilities in our operational system are subject to risks that may adversely affect our financial performance.

Weather conditions, accidents, and catastrophic events can result in damage or failures of equipment or facilities and disrupt or limit our ability to generate, transmit, transport, purchase, or distribute electricity and gas. Efforts to repair or replace equipment and facilities may take place over prolonged periods or may be unsuccessful. We may also be unable to make the necessary improvements to our operational system, causing service interruptions. Furthermore, our facilities are interconnected with third-party transmission providers. Damage to or failures of these providers' equipment or facilities is out of our control but could lead to service interruptions. Any resulting interruption of services would result in lost revenues and additional costs. Lack of gas or decreased gas pressure from interstate pipeline systems may result in unexpected energy interruptions and may lead to additional costs for alternative energy sources. We are also exposed to the risk of accidents or other incidents that could result in damage to or destruction of our facilities or damage to persons or property. Such issues could adversely affect revenues or increase costs to repair and maintain our systems.

Our operations and confidential information are subject to the risk of physical or cyber attacks, which could have an adverse effect on our business and performance.

We operate in a highly engineered industry that requires the continued operation of sophisticated information technology systems and network infrastructure to manage our finances, operate our control facilities, provide electric and gas service to our customers, and enable compliance with applicable regulatory requirements. Our generation and distribution facilities and computer-based systems and other infrastructure or physical assets are vulnerable to interruption, the introduction of viruses, malware, ransomware, security breaches, terrorist-style attacks, fire, power loss, system malfunction, network outages, unauthorized access, and other events that may be beyond our control. System interruptions or failures, whether isolated or more widespread, could impact our ability to provide service to our customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial performance.

Generation, transmission systems, and natural gas pipelines are part of an interconnected system. Therefore, a disruption caused by the impact of a cyber security incident on the regional electric transmission grid, natural gas pipeline infrastructure or other fuel sources of our third-party service providers' operations, could also negatively impact our business.

Our business includes the collection and retention of personally identifiable information of our customers, shareholders, and employees, who expect that we will adequately protect such information. In some cases, we outsource certain functions to vendors that could be targets of cyber attacks. A significant theft, loss, or fraudulent use of personally identifiable information may cause our business reputation to be adversely impacted and could lead to potentially large costs to notify and protect the impacted persons and subject us to legal claims, fines, or penalties.

We maintain security measures to protect our information technology and control systems, network infrastructure and other assets. While we have not been subject to cyber incidents that have had a material impact on operations to date, the safeguards we have may not always be effective due to the evolving nature of cyber attacks. Moreover, the rapid evolution and increased adoption of artificial intelligence technologies may intensify our cybersecurity risks. We cannot guarantee that the protections we have in place will be completely successful in the event of a cyber attack. If the technology systems were to fail or be breached by a cyber attack, and not be recovered in a timely fashion, we may be unable to fulfill critical business functions, equipment may fail to work and

21

confidential data could be compromised, any additional costs may not be recoverable in rates, or may exceed cyber insurance limits, or may not be covered by cyber insurance and could adversely impact our results of operations.

Catastrophic and unpredictable events, including, but not limited to, terrorist or other physical attacks, could have a material adverse effect on our business.

A terrorist attack, war, natural disaster, wildfire, severe storms, pandemic virus or disease, or other catastrophic or unpredictable event could adversely affect our future revenues, expenses and operating results by: interrupting our normal business operations; causing employee absences or casualties, including loss of our key employees; interrupting or affecting supplier operations; requiring substantial expenditures and expenses to repair, replace and restore normal business operations; and reducing investor confidence. No assurance can be given that future losses for such events will not exceed the limits of our insurance coverage, if applicable. Facilities for electric generation, transmission, and gas and electric distribution are potential targets of terrorist threats and activities, including both physical or cyber attacks. A terrorist act or catastrophic event at our facilities or the facilities of other companies to which we are interconnected could result in a disruption of our ability to generate, transmit, transport, purchase, or distribute electricity or natural gas. Such an event would have additional adverse effects, including environmental ramifications, increased security and insurance costs, as well as general economic volatility or uncertainty within our service territories. The inability to maintain operational continuity and any additional costs incurred for repairing our facilities or making alternative arrangements could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.

We face risk in connection with the completion of significant capital projects.

Our capital projects, such as our renewable generation and storage projects, are subject to various completion risks that could cause increases in costs or delays in completion. These risks include shortages of, the inability to obtain, the cost of, and the consistency of, labor, materials and equipment; the inability of the contractors to perform under their contracts; the inability to agree to terms of contracts or disputes in contract terms; work stoppages; adverse weather conditions; the inability to obtain necessary permits in a timely manner; changes in applicable laws or regulations; adverse interpretation or enforcement of permit conditions; governmental actions or tariffs; legal action; and unforeseen engineering or technology issues. In the case of our renewable generation projects, we may face delays in the completion of the necessary transmission system connections or upgrades to accommodate the project.

If a capital project exceeds the approved project costs approved by the PSCW, we may not be able to recover those excess costs through regulated customer rates. If that happens, we may have to finance overruns through cash from operations, which may delay other projects, or by securing additional financing. Any or all of these methods may not be available when or in the amounts needed or may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

Inability to recover excess costs, or inability to complete the project in a timely manner, could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. Further, our revenues and cash flows may not increase immediately following our expenditure of funds on a particular project, which could affect our liquidity and financial position.

Our stated long-term goals are based on various assumptions and beliefs that may not prove to be achievable in the time frame projected.

Some of our current long-term goals include MGE's targeting of net‐zero carbon electricity by 2050 and MGE's Energy 2030 framework, which describes our plan for growth in renewables generation. MGE is working to achieve a more sustainable energy future using cost‐effective renewable generation and storage technologies. Management established these goals in conjunction with our board of directors based upon a number of different internal and external factors that characterize and influence our current and expected future activities. These long-term goals are based on certain assumptions regarding the timing, scope, and relative costs of technological advancements, including generation, storage and energy use technologies; levels of customer participation in programs and partnerships, which will be critical to the achievement of the goals; our ability to transition or displace existing coal-fired resources;  our ability to complete renewable generation and storage projects in a timely manner and within approved budgets; our ability to obtain recovery of costs in rates; and our ability to obtain the necessary permits or licenses for such projects. These assumptions may differ materially from actual future results. Accordingly, we may not achieve our stated long-term goals in the timeframe projected or at all.

Failure to attract and retain an appropriately qualified workforce could affect our operations.

We must attract, train, and retain a workforce to meet current and future needs. Events such as an aging workforce without sufficient replacement workers, mismatch of skill sets to future needs, labor market conditions, evolving employee culture expectations, or unavailability of contract resources may lead to operating challenges and increased costs. Some of the challenges include lack of resources, loss of knowledge, and time required for replacement employees to develop necessary skills. Failure to identify qualified replacement employees could increase costs as a result of decreased productivity and increased safety incidents. If we are unable to attract and retain an appropriately qualified workforce, our operations could be negatively affected. We are also

22

subject to multiple collective bargaining agreements covering approximately 314 employees. Future negotiation of these collective bargaining agreements could lead to work stoppages or other disruptions to our operations, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.

Financial Risk

We are exposed to commodity price risk relating to our purchases of natural gas, electricity, coal, oil, and environmental allowances.

We face commodity price risk exposure with respect to the purchase of natural gas, electricity, coal, oil, and environmental allowances. We also face risk through our use of derivatives such as futures, forwards, and swaps, to manage our commodity price risk. We could experience increased costs as a result of volatility in the market values of those commodities. We could also experience losses on our derivative contracts as a result of that market value volatility or if a counterparty fails to perform under a contract.

Interest rate movements and market performance affects our employee benefit plan costs.

Prevailing interest rates affect our assessment and determination of discount rates and are a key assumption in the determination of the costs and funding of our defined benefit pension plans. Changes in rates may impact the amount of expense and timing of contributions to those plans. The performance of the capital markets affects the values of the assets that are held in trust to satisfy the future obligations under our pension and postretirement benefit plans. We have significant obligations in these areas and hold significant assets in these trusts. A decline in the market value of those assets may increase our current and longer-term funding requirements for these obligations. Changes in the value of trust fund assets may affect the level of required contributions to these trusts to meet benefit obligations. Reduced benefit plan assets could result in increased benefit costs in future years and may increase the amount and accelerate the timing of required future funding contributions.

We are exposed to interest rate risk.

We are exposed to interest rate risk on our variable rate financing. Our borrowing levels under commercial paper arrangements vary from period to period depending upon capital investments and other factors. Such interest rate risk means that we are exposed to potential increased financing costs and associated cash payments as a result of changes in short-term interest rates.

We are exposed to counterparty credit risk primarily through our regulated energy business.

Credit risk is the loss and additional expense that may result from counterparty nonperformance. We face credit risk primarily through MGE's regulated energy business. Failure of contractual counterparties to perform their obligations under purchase power agreements, commodity supply arrangements, or other agreements may result in increased expenses for MGE as a result of being forced to cover the shortfall in the spot or short-term market, where prices may be more volatile. That risk may be increased during periods of weak or stressed economic conditions.

As a holding company, we are dependent on upstream cash flows from our subsidiaries for the payment of dividends on our common stock.

MGE Energy is a holding company, with no operations of its own, and its ability to pay dividends on our common stock is dependent on the earnings and cash flows of operating subsidiaries and their ability to pay upstream dividends or to repay funds to MGE Energy. Our subsidiaries have financial obligations that must be satisfied before funding MGE Energy. These obligations include debt service and obligations to trade creditors, among others. Our subsidiaries are also subject to contractual and regulatory restrictions on the payment of dividends.

Disruptions in the financial markets or changes to our credit ratings may affect our ability to finance at a reasonable cost and in accordance with our planned schedule.

The credit markets have experienced disruption and uncertainty. To the extent that such issues affect the ability or willingness of credit providers or investors to participate in the credit markets or particular types of investments, or affect their perception of the risk associated with particular types of investments, our cost of borrowing could be affected. Furthermore, if we are unable to access the capital and credit markets on favorable terms, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity and our ability to repay or refinance our debt. We also rely on our credit ratings to access the credit markets. If our credit ratings are downgraded for any reason, borrowing costs would increase, the number of potential investors could decrease, or we could be required to provide additional credit assurance, including cash collateral, to contract counterparties.

Item 1B. Unre
solved Staff Comments.

MGE Energy and MGE

None.

23

Item 1
C. Cybersecurity.

MGE Energy and MGE

Risk management and strategy
MGE manages its cybersecurity risk in accordance with the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Cybersecurity Framework. Using the core functions of the NIST framework – identify, protect, detect, respond, recover, and governance – MGE employs a cybersecurity strategy program with input from its information technology (IT) leadership, senior management, and MGE Energy's Board of Directors (the Board). MGE maintains policies and procedures concerning cybersecurity matters, including those related to antivirus/malware protection, remote access, authentication, and confidential information. These policies go through an internal review process and are approved by appropriate executives and members of management.

Cybersecurity 
is considered within
 MGE's overall Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) program, which establishes an overall approach to enterprise risk management that can be consistently applied across the enterprise. As part of the ERM program, management identifies, assesses, mitigates, and monitors key enterprise risks. The ERM program includes evaluation of cyber risks' causes, impacts, ratings, and mitigations. Enterprise risks are reviewed and updated by management semi-annually.

MGE's IT Security team trains and collaborates across the organization along 
with outside partners
 and governmental agencies to maintain visibility and detection of continuously evolving threats and protection of MGE's digital systems. MGE has developed a security awareness program to help employees make sound security decisions through ongoing security awareness, education, and training activities. MGE has cyber incident response plans that detail identification, response, and recovery procedures in the event of a cyber incident.
 Periodic third-party penetration tests and vulnerability scans are performed both internally and externally to assess MGE's security measures and validate MGE's processes and procedures during a threat. 
In addition to assessing its own cybersecurity preparedness, 
MGE's security team also considers and evaluates cybersecurity risks associated with use of third-party service providers to confirm that security standards are met.
 MGE relies on third parties to deliver its products and services to customers, and a cybersecurity incident at a supplier, subcontractor, or joint venture partner could materially impact MGE. Third-party cybersecurity controls are assessed through a cybersecurity questionnaire, and security and privacy addendums are included in contracts when applicable. Furthermore, at least annually vendor System and Organization Controls (SOC) 1 or SOC 2 reports are reviewed by internal business owners, if available. MGE's assessment of risks associated with use of third-party providers is part of the overall cybersecurity risk management framework. 
MGE has a cyber insurance policy to mitigate risk of financial damages. In an event of a material cyber incident, MGE engages representatives of the insurer in accordance with the cyber incident response plan.

Governance
Enterprise-wide risk assessment and oversight are fundamental responsibilities of the Board, including cybersecurity. 
The Board, of which four members have technology and cybersecurity skills, is involved in the process of overseeing the primary risks faced in the conduct of our business.

The Board receives, on an ongoing basis, 
information from management
 related to key business risks and mitigation strategies. These business risks include existing and emerging risks related to information technology systems and cybersecurity. Updates to the ERM risk register are provided to the Audit Committee of the Board semiannually, which includes a cybersecurity risk assessment. Annually, management presents the Company's cybersecurity strategy and initiatives to the Board. In addition, management provides quarterly cybersecurity updates to the Audit Committee to inform regarding any incidents, changes in risk or threat landscape, and provide any relevant information regarding trending topics in cybersecurity as it pertains to MGE Energy and its subsidiaries.

The Chief Financial Officer (CFO) & Treasurer and Chief Information Officer (CIO) are the system owners for electronic information and, in that capacity, are responsible for the processing, integrity, security, and availability of electronic information under their jurisdiction
.

The CFO has over 15 years of experience spanning several IT functions and levels of management, IT audit, applications development, project management, infrastructure and telecommunications, and cybersecurity. The CIO has over 25 years of IT experience, including ten years dedicated to cybersecurity in the utility, insurance, and financial sectors, and maintains a Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) certification. The CIO's cybersecurity experience includes engineering, architecture, incident response, and management.

MGE has had no material cyber security incidents that affected business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition as of the date of this report. However, MGE Energy and its subsidiaries face risks from cybersecurity threats, including as a result of any cyber incidents, that could materially affect its business strategy, results of operations, and financial condition, cash flows or reputation. However, such risks have not materially affected us to date. For more information about the cybersecurity-related risks we face, see the risks detailed under the heading "Our operations and confidential information are subject to the risk of physical or cyber attacks, which could have an adverse effect on our business and performance" included as part of our risk factor disclosures in Part I, Item 1A. of this Report.

24