Item 3. Legal Proceedings.
We are not currently a party to any material legal proceedings. From time to time, we may become involved in legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of our business. Regardless of outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact 
94
on us due to defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources, negative publicity, reputational harm and other factors.
Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures.
None.
95
PART II
Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
Our common stock has been publicly traded on the Nasdaq Global Market LLC under the symbol “TARS” since our IPO on October 15, 2020. Prior to this date, there was no public market for our common stock.
Holders of Common Stock
As of February 19, 2025, the closing price of our common stock on the Nasdaq was $49.55 per share, and there were approximately 27 holders of record of our common stock. The actual number of stockholders is greater than this number of record holders, and includes stockholders who are beneficial owners, but whose shares are held in street name by brokers and other nominees. This number of holders of record also does not include stockholders whose shares may be held in trust by other entities.
Dividend Policy
We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock and do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future.
Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans
The information required by this item will be contained in our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC in connection with our Annual Meeting of Stockholders within 120 days after December 31, 2024 and is incorporated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K by reference.
Stock Performance Graph
This graph shall not be deemed “soliciting material” or to be “filed” with the SEC for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that Section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Tarsus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act.
The following graph illustrates a comparison of the total cumulative stockholder return on our common stock since the date of the IPO on October 19, 2020, compared to two indices for each fiscal year end thereafter: the Nasdaq Composite Index and the Nasdaq Biotechnology Index. The graph assumes an initial investment of $100 on the date of the IPO, both in our common stock and each index. Historical stockholder return shown is not necessarily indicative of future performance, and we do not make or endorse any predictions as to future stockholder returns.
96
Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities
None.
Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchases
None.
Other Information
None.
Item 6. [Reserved]
97
Table of Content