Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
20
Debit Interchange
We are subject to a statutory requirement that interchange fees for electronic debit transactions that are paid to or charged by payment card issuers, including our bank subsidiaries, be reasonable and proportional to the cost incurred by the issuer. Interchange fees for electronic debit transactions are limited to 21 cents plus 0.05% of the transaction, plus an additional one cent per transaction fraud adjustment, impose requirements regarding routing and exclusivity of electronic debit transactions. On October 3, 2022, the Federal Reserve finalized a rule that amended Regulation II to, among other things, specify that debit card issuers should enable all debit card transactions, including card-not-present transactions such as online payments, to be processed on at least two unaffiliated payment card networks. The final rule became effective July 1, 2023. As an issuer with over $10 billion in assets, we are subject to Regulation II and have incorporated all new requirements as of July 1, 2023.
In October 2023, the Federal Reserve released a notice of proposed rulemaking that would lower the maximum interchange fee that a large debit card issuer can receive on a debit card transaction. Under the proposal, initially the base component would decrease from 21.0 cents to 14.4 cents, the ad valorem component would decrease from 5.0 basis points to 4.0 basis points multiplied by the value of the transaction, and the fraud-prevention adjustment would increase from 1.0 cents to 1.3 cents for the debit card transactions performed from the effective date of the final rule to June 30, 2025. In addition, the proposal would adopt an approach for future adjustments to the interchange fee cap, which would occur every other year based on issuer cost data gathered from large debit card issuers. We will continue to monitor the status of the proposed rule and are in the process of evaluating this proposed rulemaking and assessing the scale of its adverse impact on the Company and our bank subsidiaries, if adopted as proposed.
Human Capital Resources 
Since its formation, Wintrust has held the objective of aiming to differentiate itself by offering customers a highly-personalized banking experience, through staff that is warm, friendly, and responsive. Wintrust expects each of its employees to embody that original mission by serving as brand ambassadors each day, within each community served by our banks and other business units.  
Workforce Overview
As of December 31, 2024, Wintrust employed 5,903 full-time equivalent employees in the U.S. and Canada. 98% of Wintrust’s employees are classified as full-time, working greater than 30 hours per week. None of our employees are represented by a collective bargaining agreement and we consider our employee relations to be good.
Talent Recruiting and Retention
At Wintrust we recognize that attracting, motivating and retaining talent at all levels is vital to continuing our success. In 2024, Wintrust filled over 1,390 positions, including external hires, internal transfers/promotions, and temporary hires. In 2024, 53% of our new hires self-identified as female and 41% of our new hires self-identified as a racial or ethnic minority. Wintrust promotes an employee referral program, which we believe favorably influences colleague retention and engagement. Turnover for the entire Wintrust enterprise for the year was approximately 12% and of that voluntary departures accounted for approximately 75% of the total turnover.
Wintrust offers a robust total rewards package that is designed to attract, motivate and retain a talented and inclusive group of employees. In addition to competitive, performance-based compensation plans, we provide employees with comprehensive benefits packages. Wintrust consistently monitors and adapts its total rewards program design to reflect both market changes and employee feedback.  
Inclusion
Wintrust strives to promote an inclusive culture where each employee can be successful, and one that is reflective of the communities we serve. Women currently represent 56% of Wintrust’s workforce. In addition, the racial and ethnic representation in Wintrust’s workforce is 33%. To further support inclusion across Wintrust, we have taken the following steps:
•
Continued the “shared responsibility in action” theme with 
Paired To Win: Mentoring
, a program launched in 2023 designed to enable access to mentoring for all employees across the enterprise. Over 
1,300
 Wintrust employees participated in the mentoring program and 
33%
 of participants were minorities.      
21
•
Continued our 
Paired To Win: Advocacy
 program, 
which is open to all employees, 
pairs
 select high-potential protégés with senior executive advocates. The third cohort launched in 2024, and includes over 73% women and 13% minority mid-level leaders. The program objective is to accelerate development of leadership opportunities for protégés within one to three years after launching the partnership. As an outcome of the program, 48% of the proteges from the inaugural cohort have been promoted. 
•
Continued to offer and support Business Resource Groups (“BRG”) to all employees to help foster a sense of belonging and recognizing the value of creating an inclusive and supportive workplace for all of our employees. Our BRGs consist of Leadership Coalition, Multicultural Professionals Network, Career Navigation, Prism, and Women of Wintrust. Approximately 23% of Wintrust employees have registered as members of one or more BRG.
•
Continued the 360° Inclusivity Model, a multicultural marketing framework for addressing the unique needs of an increasingly diverse marketplace by taking inclusive approaches to eradicating

financial disparities in the communities we serve, through access to products and services.

•
Supported each of our business units as they update their Business Unit Action Plans, documenting key goals and effective efforts towards fostering inclusion internally and externally in a relevant and intentional way.

The Business Unit Action Plan is updated annually and reviewed by senior leaders and the Board of Directors.
Learning & Development
We are committed to providing all team members with development opportunities through individual and career development planning. Our employees have access to approximately 500 Banking topics, 200 Professional Skills topics and 770 customized training courses and resources through Wintrust University – our learning portal. In 2024, we maintained an online training catalog containing over 21,000 course offerings for our employees’ personal and professional development and, in 2024, invested more than 177,000 total hours in training by team members.  
We routinely identify and recognize talented employees by performing comprehensive reviews of leadership capability, readiness, aspiration and succession planning. To support the development of our internal talent pipeline, we have invested in a number of programs to support the development of future leaders and additional training for senior leaders with strategic accountability. To support the development of future leaders, over 425 leaders participated in at least one of our leadership development programs in 2024. We also developed the “Leadership Journey”, an eight-phase program that supports our leaders at every phase of their advancement.
Annually, Wintrust team members at all levels certify their completion of regulatory training based upon their roles and responsibilities. They also are encouraged to complete a minimum of two professional development activities each year.
Climate Impact
The Company’s approach in considering its climate impact is currently focused on mitigating the environmental impact of operations, specifically at its various banking locations; assessing other climate-related risks within the Company’s various businesses; and providing support to projects and investments that contribute to climate solutions. In 2024, some of the highlights of this approach included the following:
•
The Company continued to monitor the climate impact of its various banking locations, including its corporate campus that consists of three office buildings located in Rosemont, Illinois. In 2024, the corporate campus green house gas carbon emissions (CO
2
e) totaled 3,692 tons in 2024 compared to 3,938 tons in 2023. The Company also measures green house gas carbon emissions (CO2e) at a majority of its retail banking locations and the aggregate measurement of such emissions from the Company’s corporate campus and the retail banking locations totaled 17,699 tons in 2024 related to 187 locations compared to 18,607 tons in 2023 related to 181 locations.
•
The Company continued to pursue certain renewable energy solutions as well as efficient building standards and technologies.
•
GLA executes investing through its Climate Opportunities strategy (which began in 2013) as well as additional client portfolios which emphasize climate considerations. These portfolios include investments in solutions for green 
22
buildings, renewable energy, sustainable agriculture, sustainable water, energy efficiency and pollution prevention. At December 31, 2024, these portfolios totaled approximately $135 million in climate-focused assets.
Available Information
The Company’s Internet address is www.wintrust.com. The Company makes available at this address, under the “Investor Relations” tab, free of charge, its Annual Report on Form 10-K, its annual reports to shareholders, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”) as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. These filings are also available on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov.