ITEM 2. PROPERTIES
The Company’s executive offices are located at 9700 W. Higgins Road, Rosemont, Illinois as well as additional nearby corporate office locations at 9701 W. Higgins Road, Rosemont, Illinois and 9801 W. Higgins Road, Rosemont, Illinois. The Company also leases office locations and retail space at 231 S. LaSalle Street in downtown Chicago and at 731 N. Jackson Street in downtown Milwaukee. The Company’s community banking segment operates through 205 banking facilities, the majority of which are owned. The Company owns 184 automatic teller machines, the majority of which are housed at banking locations. The banking facilities are located in communities throughout the Chicago metropolitan area, southern Wisconsin, northwest Indiana, and Kent, Ottawa and northern Allegan counties in the state of Michigan, as well as three banking locations in southwest Florida. Excess space in certain properties is leased to third parties. Wintrust Mortgage, also of our banking segment, is headquartered in our corporate headquarters in Rosemont, Illinois and has 28 locations in 11 states, all of which are leased, as well as office locations at several of our banks. 
The Company’s wealth management subsidiaries has locations in downtown Chicago, Appleton, Wisconsin, Tampa, Florida, and Stamford, Connecticut, all of which are leased, as well as office locations at several of our banks. FIRST Insurance Funding and Wintrust Life Finance have one location in Northbrook, Illinois which is owned and locations in downtown Newark, New Jersey, Long Island, New York and Newport Beach, California, all of which are leased. FIFC Canada has three locations in Canada that are leased, located in Toronto, Ontario; Wainwright, Alberta; and Vancouver, British Columbia. Wintrust Asset Finance is located in our corporate headquarters in Rosemont, Illinois and has locations in Frisco, Texas, and Irvine, California, all of which are leased. Tricom has one location in Menomonee Falls, Wisconsin which is owned.