Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Governance
Our board of directors addresses our cybersecurity risk management as part of its general oversight function. The board of directors’ and the IRT are responsible for overseeing our cybersecurity risk management processes, including oversight and mitigation of risks from cybersecurity threats.
Our cybersecurity risk assessment and management processes are implemented and maintained by certain members of management, including the Director, IT, Chief Legal and Operating Officer, and Chief Financial and Business Officer. The 
Chief Legal and Operating Officer and Chief Financial and Business Officer
 are responsible for providing information on materiality to the Director, IT and producing documentation of known and unknown facts about a cybersecurity incident and factors considered in the materiality assessment. 
Our Chief Legal and Operating Officer and Chief Financial and Business Officer hold degrees relevant to their areas of expertise and both have over 20 years of experience in their respective fields. The Director, IT is primarily responsible for assessing and managing material risks from cybersecurity threats; they have 23 years of experience in core infrastructure, data infrastructure and analytics, business platforms, and integrations.

The Director, IT is responsible for hiring appropriate personnel, helping to integrate cybersecurity risk considerations into our overall risk management strategy, and communicating key priorities to relevant personnel. The Director, IT is also responsible for approving budgets, helping prepare for cybersecurity incidents, approving cybersecurity processes, and reviewing security assessments and other security-related reports.
Our IT Security Incident Response Plan is designed to escalate certain cybersecurity incidents to members of management depending on the circumstances, including the IRT. The IRT works with the IT department and external cybersecurity experts to help us mitigate and remediate cybersecurity incidents. In addition, our IT Security Incident Response Plan includes reporting to the 
board
 of directors for certain cybersecurity incidents.
The audit committee receives quarterly updates from the IRT concerning our cybersecurity threats and risk and the processes we have implemented to address them. On an annual basis the board of directors receives a report from the IRT highlighting any significant cybersecurity threats.