Item 1. Business.
Overview
Lyft, Inc. (the “Company” or “Lyft”) started a movement to revolutionize transportation. In 2012, we launched our peer-to-peer marketplace for on-demand ridesharing and have continued to pioneer innovations. Today, Lyft is one of the largest multimodal transportation networks in the United States and Canada. We have an important purpose, which is to serve and connect. We strive to get riders out into the world so they can live their lives together, and to provide drivers a way to work that gives them control over their time and money.
Our ridesharing marketplace connects drivers with riders via the Lyft mobile application (the “Lyft App”) in cities across the United States and in certain cities in Canada. We have established a scaled network of users brought together by our robust technology platform (the “Lyft Platform”) that powers rides and connections every day. We leverage our technology platform, the scale and density of our user network and insights from a significant number of rides to improve our ridesharing marketplace efficiency and develop new offerings. We’ve also taken steps to ensure our network is well positioned to benefit from technological innovation in mobility. 
Our offerings on the Lyft App include an expanded set of transportation modes in select cities, such as access to a network of shared bikes and scooters (“Light Vehicles”) for shorter rides and first-mile and last-mile legs of multimodal trips.
Substantially all of our revenue is generated from our ridesharing marketplace that connects drivers and riders. We collect service fees and commissions from drivers for their use of our ridesharing marketplace. As drivers accept more rider leads, Gross Bookings
1
 and Rides
1
 increase, driving more revenue. We also generate revenue from licensing and data access agreements, the sale of bikes and bike station software and hardware, advertising services, riders renting Light Vehicles, drivers renting vehicles through Express Drive and by making our ridesharing marketplace available to organizations through our Lyft Business offerings, such as our Concierge and Lyft Pass programs. 
Riders and drivers want and value choice, and we believe there remains an opportunity for growth in our marketplace. In July 2024, we launched Price Lock, a new subscription offering that caps the price of a rider's regular and scheduled rides on a specified route during the rider's chosen pickup time. Additionally, in February 2024, we launched the driver earnings commitment in limited markets, where we ensure drivers will earn at least 70% of weekly passenger payments after external fees. We then expanded this earnings commitment to all markets in the United States in May 2024. In September 2023, we launched Women+ Connect, a new feature that currently offers women and nonbinary riders and drivers the option to turn on a preference within the Lyft App to prioritize matches with nearby women and nonbinary riders and drivers and in 2024, we extended Women+ Connect nationwide. In November 2024, we announced plans for multiple AV partnerships that will connect the Lyft community with AV rides in the Lyft app. We are focused on delivering a great rideshare experience and will continue to innovate for drivers and riders, creating an increasingly differentiated service over time. 
In 2024, we achieved net income for the first time in our operating history and record cash flow generation. We are committed to building a durable, healthy and profitable business for riders, drivers and shareholders. 
Additionally, we aim to advocate through our commitment to social and environmental responsibility. Through our Lyft Up initiatives, we’re working to make sure people have access to affordable, reliable transportation to get where they need to go - no matter their income or zip code. We can’t talk about work that serves customer needs and social goals without mentioning our responsibility to our shared environment - the air we breathe and the resilience of communities we serve. We’re working to make the Lyft Platform more sustainable by helping drivers transition to electric vehicles (“EVs”), riders take more sustainable transportation modes, and businesses reduce their carbon footprint. Over the last two years, we’ve achieved significant growth in EV rides on our platform by investing in EV driver incentives, expanding the Express Drive EV rental program, helping drivers access discounted fast charging, expanding Green and advocating for smart EV policy.
We believe many users are loyal to Lyft because of our values, brand and commitment to social and environmental responsibility. Our values, brand and focus on customer experience are key differentiators for our business. We continue to believe that users are increasingly choosing services, including a transportation network, based on brand affinity and value alignment and we aim to make it easy for both drivers and riders to choose Lyft every time.
1
 For the definition of Gross Bookings and Rides, refer to the “Definitions of Key Metrics” section within Item 7 of Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
5
Our Transportation Network
Our transportation network is primarily comprised of:
•
Ridesharing Marketplace. 
Our core offering connects drivers with riders. The scale of our network enables us to predict demand and proactively incentivize drivers to be available for rides in the right place at the right time. This allows us to optimize earning opportunities for drivers and offer convenient rides for riders, creating sustainable value to both sides of our marketplace. Our ridesharing marketplace connects drivers with riders in cities across the United States and in certain cities in Canada. In addition to our standard rideshare offering, riders can select a variety of other rideshare offerings which include, but are not limited to, Wait & Save, Priority Pickup, XL, Extra Comfort, Black, Black SUV, and Green.
•
Express Drive.
 Our car rental program for drivers, including those who want to drive using our platform but do not have access to a vehicle that meets our requirements. Through our Express Drive program, drivers can enter into rental agreements with our independently managed subsidiary, Flexdrive, and our rental car partners for vehicles that may be used to provide ridesharing services on the Lyft Platform. 
•
Light Vehicles.
 We have a network of shared bikes and scooters in a number of cities to address the needs of users who are looking for options that are more active and often more cost-effective and efficient for shorter trips. These transportation modes can also help supplement the first-mile and last-mile of a multimodal trip with public transit. 
Drivers
The drivers on our platform are active members of their communities. They are parents, students, business owners, retirees and everything in between. We work hard to serve the community of drivers on our platform, empowering them to drive on their own flexible terms while providing them the opportunity to focus their time on what matters most. Drivers on our platform also have key benefits, which include:
•
Flexibility. 
We offer drivers the flexibility to generate income on their own schedule, so they can best prioritize what is important in their lives.
•
Technology.
 Our predictive technology around ride volume and demand enables us to share key information with drivers about when and where to drive to maximize their earnings on a real-time basis. 
•
Transparent and Consistent Pay. 
We've released multiple products over the years such as upfront pay where drivers can see ride information and what they’ll earn before accepting a ride. We also launched the Weekly Pay Statement for a clearer, more comprehensive view of driver's pay details, and made a commitment that drivers will earn 70% or more of rider payment each week, after external fees. 
•
Insurance.
 We procure insurance that helps protect transportation network company (“TNC”) drivers against financial losses related to automobile accidents while on the platform. 
•
Community Standards. 
To help us uphold high community standards, we give both drivers and riders the opportunity to rate each other after a ride booked through the Lyft App. 
•
Support.
 We offer drivers access to 24/7 support and earnings tools as well as education resources and other support to meet their personal goals.
Riders
Riders are as diverse and dynamic as the communities we serve. They represent all adult age groups and backgrounds and use Lyft to commute to and from work, explore their cities, spend more time at local businesses and stay out longer knowing they can get a reliable ride home. Unless otherwise stated, riders are passengers who request rides from drivers in our ridesharing marketplace, or renters of a shared bike, scooter or automobile available on the Lyft App. We work hard to provide riders with a quality experience every time they open the Lyft App, so riders will continue to select Lyft as their transportation network of choice. Riders on our platform also have key benefits, which include:
•
Selection and Convenience.
 We designed the Lyft App with a focus on simplicity, efficiency and convenience. Our proprietary technology efficiently matches riders with drivers through advanced dispatching algorithms providing faster arrival times, localized pricing and maximum availability. Additional transportation modes, such as Light Vehicles, offer more options for shorter trips. We also continue to launch new features, such as Women+ Connect and Price Lock. The more rides that are taken on our platform, the better we are able to offer riders personalized experiences most suitable to their trip.
•
Availability and Reliability.
 We strive to ensure that riders can get a ride when they want one. We leverage our proprietary dispatch platform and data to help drivers and riders connect efficiently and reduce wait times. Scheduled rides to the airport are backed by our on-time pickup promise in many major markets. If a ride is more than ten minutes late for a scheduled pick-up to the airport, we will offer up to $100 in Lyft credits to make up for it.
6
•
Affordability
. Our platform empowers riders to choose from a broad set of transportation options to easily optimize for cost, comfort and time. Wait & Save, a substantial portion of rides on our platform, offers riders a way to save money when they aren’t in a hurry. In 2024, we launched Price Lock, a new subscription offering that caps the price of a rider's regular and scheduled rides on a specified route during the rider's chosen pickup time.
•
Safety
. Since day one, we have worked continuously to enhance the safety of our platform and the ridesharing industry by developing innovative products, policies and processes. We have a dedicated safety response team, Emergency Help with ADT, Inc. (“ADT”), and partnerships with leading national organizations to inform our safety policies.
Business
We work with organizations across a wide range of industries to deliver transportation solutions. Our comprehensive set of solutions allows clients to design, manage and pay for ground transportation programs that contribute to productivity and satisfaction while reducing cost and streamlining operations. 
Our Technology Infrastructure and Operations
We organize our product teams with a full-stack development model, integrating product management, engineering, analytics, data science and design. We focus on affordability, reliability, efficiency, optimization and cohesion when developing our software. Our offerings are mobile-first and platform agnostic. We seek to continuously improve the Lyft Platform and the Lyft App. Our offerings are built on a scalable technology platform that enables us to manage peaks in demand.
We have a commercial agreement with Amazon Web Services (“AWS”) for cloud services to help deliver and host our platform. As a result of our partnership, we believe we are more resilient to surges in demand on our platform or product changes we may introduce. Refer to Note 10 “Commitments and Contingencies” to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding this agreement.
We designed our platform with multiple layers of redundancy to guard against data loss and deliver high availability. Both incremental and full backups are performed and redundant copies of content are stored independently in separate geographic regions. We are also investing in iterating and continuously improving our data privacy and security foundation, and continually review and implement the most relevant policies.
Our Proprietary Data-Driven Technology Platform
Our robust technology platform powers the millions of rides and connections that we facilitate every day and provides insights that drive our platform in real-time. We leverage historical data to continuously improve experiences for drivers and riders on our platform. Our platform analyzes large datasets covering the ride lifecycle, from when drivers go online and riders request rides, to when they match, which route to take and any feedback given after the rides. Utilizing machine learning capabilities to predict future behavior based on many years of historical data and use cases, we employ various levers to balance supply and demand in the marketplace, creating increased driver earnings while maintaining strong service levels for riders. We also leverage our data science and algorithms to inform our product development.
Our Intellectual Property
We believe that our intellectual property rights are valuable and important to our business. We rely on trademarks, patents, copyrights, trade secrets, license agreements, intellectual property assignment agreements, confidentiality procedures, non-disclosure agreements and employee non-disclosure and invention assignment agreements to establish and protect our proprietary rights. Though we rely in part upon these legal and contractual protections, we believe that factors such as the skills and ingenuity of our employees and the functionality and frequent enhancements to our solutions and offerings are larger contributors to our success in the marketplace.
We have invested in a patent program to identify and protect a substantial portion of our strategic intellectual property in ridesharing, autonomous vehicle-related technology, micro-mobility, telecommunications, networking and other technologies relevant to our business. We hold numerous issued and pending patents in the U.S. and foreign jurisdictions and continually review our development efforts to assess the existence and patentability of new intellectual property.
We have an ongoing trademark and service mark registration program pursuant to which we seek to register our brand names and product names, taglines and logos in the United States and other countries to the extent we determine appropriate and cost-effective. We also have common law rights in some trademarks. In addition, we have registered domain names for websites that we use in our business, such as www.lyft.com and other variations.
We intend to pursue additional intellectual property protection to the extent we believe it would be beneficial and cost-effective. Despite our efforts to protect our intellectual property rights, they may not be respected in the future or may be invalidated, circumvented or challenged. For additional information, see the sections titled “Risk Factors—Risks Related to Regulatory and Legal Factors—Claims by others that we infringed their proprietary technology or other intellectual property rights could harm our business” 
7
and “Risk Factors—Risks Related to Regulatory and Legal Factors—Failure to protect or enforce our intellectual property rights could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations.”
Competition
The market for Transportation-as-a-Service (“TaaS”) networks is intensely competitive and characterized by rapid changes in technology, shifting levels of demand and frequent introductions of new services and offerings. We expect competition to continue, both from current competitors and new entrants in the market that may be well-established and enjoy greater resources or other strategic advantages. If we are unable to anticipate or successfully react to these competitive challenges in a timely manner, our competitive position could weaken, or fail to improve, and we could experience a decline in revenue or growth stagnation that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
Our main ridesharing competitor in the United States and Canada is Uber, though we also compete with other ridesharing transportation network companies, and taxi cab and livery companies as well as traditional automotive manufacturers. Our main competitors in the bike and scooter sharing market include Lime, Bird, Fifteen, nextbike and Dott. We also compete with other manufacturers of bike and scooter sharing equipment for sales of such equipment, particularly in markets outside of the United States.
Additionally, there are other non-U.S.-based TaaS network companies, non-ridesharing transportation network companies and traditional automotive manufacturers that may expand into the United States and Canada. There are also a number of companies developing autonomous vehicle technology and TaaS offerings that either are competing with us or may compete with us in the future, including Alphabet (Waymo), Amazon (Zoox), Baidu, Motional, and Tesla as well as many other technology companies and automobile manufacturers and suppliers. We anticipate continued challenges from current competitors as well as from new entrants into the TaaS market.
We believe we can compete favorably. However, many of our competitors and potential competitors are larger and have greater brand name recognition, longer operating histories, larger marketing budgets and established marketing relationships, access to larger customer bases and significantly greater resources for the development of their offerings. For additional information about the risks to our business related to competition, see the section titled “Risk Factors—Risks Related to Operational Factors—We face intense competition and could lose market share to our competitors, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.”
Seasonality
The revenue we generate from our business may fluctuate from quarter to quarter due to seasonal factors including the weather and certain holidays. Demand for our transportation network has historically declined over the winter season and demand for our network of Light Vehicles has historically increased during more temperate and dry seasons. 
Our Brand and Marketing
Our purpose is to serve and connect. The Lyft brand is rooted in expecting more from every journey. Our marketing efforts bring our brand to life across a variety of communication channels ranging from national broadcast campaigns to more direct communications like email and social media engagement. We also benefit from positive word of mouth in the existing Lyft rider and driver communities.
Our marketing efforts educate people about Lyft products in creative and memorable ways and generate greater brand awareness among potential drivers and riders. Our brand marketing includes but is not limited to Lyft-produced content, culture and entertainment partnerships, marketing partnerships, and outdoor advertisements. We use specific channels and initiatives so we can measure the impact of our marketing spend. We attract new drivers and riders through referrals, partnerships, display advertising, radio, video, social media, email, search engine optimization, keyword search campaigns, and more. We continue to engage with current riders through a variety of initiatives, including emails, in-app notifications, social media content, promotions, and more.
Our Commitment to Safety
A strong guiding principle since day one has been to build a community that drivers and riders trust. Trust is the foundation of our relationship with drivers and riders on our platform, and we take significant measures every day that are focused on improving their safety. 
To ensure we are delivering exceptional service levels and upholding high quality standards, we have established our Safety and Customer Care, or SCC, team as a key part of our organization. SCC is in charge of fielding safety and customer support inquiries and is available through multiple channels, including via self-service and assisted support directly within our apps. SCC aims to listen to customers, quickly resolve problems when they occur and maintain trust with drivers and riders. Some examples of measures we take to promote the safety of riders and drivers on the platform include:
•
Annual background checks and ongoing criminal monitoring
. Every driver is required to pass a professionally administered criminal background check before they drive and each year after that. In the United States, continuous criminal monitoring allows us to quickly deactivate drivers with disqualifying criminal convictions. Similarly, in the United States, we also 
8
continuously check driving records so that we can promptly identify and remove drivers from the platform upon detection of a disqualifying violation.
•
Share location
. The Lyft App provides real-time ride tracking, so riders can share their exact location and route with family and friends. Once a user enables this feature, a user’s trusted contacts (who they shared their location with) can see trip status and where they are on the map.
•
Emergency help, supported by ADT.
 If a rider or driver feels uncomfortable or needs emergency assistance at any point, they are able to quickly connect with an ADT security professional through the Lyft App, silently or by voice. If someone signals they need help and subsequently does not respond to a call or text from ADT, ADT will contact 911 and share the user’s location and other relevant information. 
•
Live safety support and specialized support and advocacy. 
Our Safety team is standing by, ready to help via phone or chat, and every member of the Safety team is a credentialed victim advocate. Each member has training in trauma-informed care.
•
Smart trip check-in. 
We monitor rides for certain unusual activity, like long stops or route deviations, and in some instances, if we notice a ride irregularity, we reach out to riders and drivers directly. We will ask the rider or driver if they need help, and, if appropriate, connect them to emergency assistance or our own Safety team.
•
Hidden contact information and ride history. 
The Lyft App hides contact information for both the rider and driver before, during and after the ride. While riders and drivers are able to call or text one another through the app, personal information, including real user phone numbers, are not revealed. Drivers are also not able to see a rider’s specific drop-off location, whether it’s a specific address or a cross-street, after the ride is complete.
•
Two-way ratings and feedback.
 At the end of each trip, drivers and riders are prompted to rate their ride on the scale of one to five stars. Any rider or driver who submits a rating of four stars or fewer is prompted to provide more details. Anyone who rates a rider or driver three stars or fewer will never be matched with that individual again through the app. 
•
Industry Sharing Safety Program.
 Lyft partners with certain companies to share information about the drivers who are deactivated from certain rideshare and delivery platforms for specific select reasons. The program enables the sharing of information to equip participating companies with the information needed to take action on their own platform.
Government Regulation
We are subject to a wide variety of laws and regulations in the United States and other jurisdictions. Laws, regulations and standards governing issues such as TNCs, public companies, ridesharing, worker classification, labor and employment, anti-discrimination, payments, gift cards, whistleblowing and worker confidentiality obligations, product liability, defects, recalls, auto maintenance and repairs, personal injury, advertising, text messaging, subscription services, intellectual property, securities, consumer protection, taxation, privacy, data security, competition, unionizing and collective action, antitrust, arbitration agreements and class action waiver provisions, terms of service, mobile application accessibility, autonomous vehicles, bike and scooter sharing, insurance, vehicle rentals, money transmittal, non-emergency medical transportation, healthcare fraud, waste, and abuse, environmental health and safety, greenhouse gas emissions, background checks, public health, anti-corruption, anti-bribery, political contributions, lobbying, import and export restrictions, trade and economic sanctions, foreign ownership and investment, foreign exchange controls and delivery of goods including (but not limited to) medical supplies, perishable foods and prescription drugs are often complex and are subject to varying interpretations, in many cases due to their lack of specificity. As a result, their application in practice may change or develop over time through judicial decisions or as new guidance or interpretations are provided by regulatory and governing bodies, such as federal, state and local administrative agencies.
The TNC industry has also come under increasing scrutiny from non-profit organizations, regulators, and legislators for its environmental impact, specifically relating to greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. In 2018, California passed first-of-its-kind legislation (the “California Clean Miles Standard”) to mandate that TNCs increase the percentage of zero-emission vehicles on their platforms, with additional targets intended to reduce GHG emissions from TNC platforms. Massachusetts, New York City and Toronto are developing or have developed and implemented rules to address the environmental impact of rideshare, and other jurisdictions are likely to consider similar rules and regulations in the future. 
See the sections titled “Business” and “Risk Factors” including the subsections titled “Business – Environmental, Social and Corporate Governance - Environmental” and “Risk Factors—Risks Related to Regulatory and Legal Factors” for additional information about the laws and regulations we are subject to and the risks to our business associated with such laws and regulations.
Human Capital
Our employees are our human capital and, together with our technology stack, they are our greatest strength and most valuable resource. As of December 31, 2024, we had 2,934 employees and we maintain additional offices in multiple locations in the U.S. and internationally in Toronto, Canada, Montreal, Canada, Mexico City, Mexico, Kyiv, Ukraine, Berlin, Germany and Munich, Germany. None of our employees are represented by a labor union or covered by a collective bargaining agreement. We have not experienced any work stoppages and we consider our relations with our employees to be positive.
9
We believe that achieving more diversity in workforce representation is an important priority. We are a company with a diverse customer base, and the more our employees reflect that diversity, the better we can serve our customers, ultimately making our business stronger. As of December 31, 2024, our global employee base was 58% male and 42% female, and women represented 43% of our leadership overall. The ethnicity of our U.S. employees was 46% White, 32% Asian, 9% Hispanic or Latinx, 7% Black, and 6% two or more races, American Indian, Alaska Native, Native Hawaiian or other Pacific Islander. Our employee gender and ethnicity information is based on self-identification, and employees who did not disclose their gender or ethnicity have been excluded from the applicable disclosure. As of December 31, 2024, employees who did not disclose gender represented approximately 3% of total employees, and employees who did not disclose ethnicity represented approximately 2% of total U.S. employees. 
We strive to build a more representative workforce which requires an intentional and comprehensive effort to reach and recruit outstanding candidates, develop talent internally, and open up opportunities for career growth. We are continuing to focus on scaling and sustaining diverse partnerships and early candidate pipeline development as we believe recruiting and hiring initiatives can yield short and long-term benefits to the organization. In 2024, we continued our partnerships and outreach programs by directly sourcing candidates from organizations that aim to increase diversity in enterprise hiring pools, such as BreakLine, and DirectEmployers. We also maintained representation in our hiring pool through our sourcing tool, hireEZ, and held disability and inclusion training for team members with the Inclusively and Disability:IN organizations.
Environmental, Social and Corporate Governance (“ESG”)
Environmental
We have a responsibility to our shared environment — the air we breathe and the resilience of communities we serve. Our environmental impact also gives drivers and riders another great reason to choose Lyft, and is an intrinsic part of how we think about our business goals. We are working to make the Lyft Platform more sustainable by helping drivers transition to EVs, riders take more sustainable modes of rideshare and other micromobility options, and businesses reduce their carbon footprint. 
The rides that we facilitate on our platform make up a significant amount of Lyft’s carbon emissions. Transitioning these rides from gas-powered to electric vehicles is the one of the best ways we can contribute long-term toward a cleaner planet.
Over 13 million riders rode in an EV in 2024. Rides in electric vehicles generally get higher ratings and tips compared to rides in hybrids and gas cars. Over 23% of rides on the Lyft Platform were in a hybrid or an EV. In 2024, we expanded Green, where riders can select an EV or hybrid vehicle, to 40 airports and 22 cities in North America.
Because we stand at a pivotal moment in the fight against climate change, Lyft strives to grow EVs on the platform. In 2024, we announced a commitment to invest $80 million by the end of 2025 to support EV drivers and encourage gas powered drivers to make the switch. We are continuing to work toward our investment goal, and while our timeline may be extended to complete such investment, we expect that the investments we make will help us reach 100 million all-time EV rides on the platform by the end of 2025. Most of this investment will benefit drivers in states that are committed to electrifying, developing infrastructure, and growing EV adoption as quickly as possible.
We have enabled growth and adoption of bikeshare in 61 cities across 16 countries where we provide our hardware and software solutions. Working closely with our city and operating partners in the most complex urban environments, our team enabled 18 major bikeshare system expansions over the past year through both owned and operated systems and systems that utilize our hardware and software solutions, amounting to nearly 12,000 additional bikes, e-bikes, and e-scooters in cities like Chicago, Portland and New York City in the United States and cities abroad like Barcelona, Monaco, and more.
Social
Lyft’s purpose is to serve and connect. We strive to get people out into the world so they can live their lives together, and provide drivers a meaningful way to earn that gives them control over their time and money. We’re constantly thinking about the role we play in our customers’ lives. 
For riders, social interaction improves physical and mental health. We’re making it easier to get out of the house, and the hundreds of millions of rides we facilitated in 2024 connected people with friends, family, and coworkers. Everyday encounters like these help people feel happier and more connected to their community.
For drivers, Lyft is part of the economic fabric of millions of lives. Drivers may be students putting themselves through college, parents looking for a way to earn while their kids are in school, or seniors interested in meeting new people. The flexibility to work on their own schedules is a core benefit of driving with Lyft, and millions of drivers use the platform to support their families or build toward their dreams. We keep working to understand who drivers are and how they use Lyft through our annual Economic Impact Report.
We want to improve the lives of everyone we interact with, but know that targeted programs can have an outsized impact. Through our Lyft Up initiative, we’re working to provide riders access to affordable, reliable transportation to get where they need to go — no matter their age, income, zip, or postal code. We provided access to millions of discounted or donated rideshare, bikeshare, and shared scooter rides to people in need. Some of our current Lyft Up programs assist the community by providing rides to and from 
10
jobs, job interviews and trainings, the grocery store for those living in food-insecure areas, and by providing discounted bikeshare memberships and heavily discounted electric bikes to income eligible riders. In 2024, we also provided thousands of free rides on Election Day for riders to get to the polls to exercise their right to vote. Other Lyft Up programs provide donated ride credits to resettlement agencies and other community based organizations helping refugees access essential needs and services or relief rides in the aftermath of natural or manmade disasters.
Corporate Governance
Our board of directors regularly evaluates our environmental, social, and corporate governance policies to make sure they fit into our strategy of driving long-term stockholder value and align with our core values. More information about our directors, executive officers and corporate governance will be included in our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.
Corporate Information
We were incorporated in 2007 as Bounder Web, Inc., a Delaware corporation. In 2008, we changed our name to Zimride, Inc. We founded Lyft in 2012 and changed our name to Lyft, Inc. in 2013 when we sold the assets related to our Zimride operations.
Available Information
Our website is located at www.lyft.com, and our investor relations website is located at investor.lyft.com. Copies of our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to these reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, are available free of charge on our investor relations website as soon as reasonably practicable after we file such material electronically with or furnish it to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). The SEC also maintains a website that contains our SEC filings at www.sec.gov.
We announce material information to the public about us, our products and services and other matters through a variety of means, including filings with the SEC, press releases, public conference calls, webcasts, the investor relations section of our website (investor.lyft.com), our X accounts (@lyft and @davidrisher), our Chief Executive Officer’s LinkedIn account (linkedin.com/in/jdavidrisher) and our blogs (including: lyft.com/blog, lyft.com/hub and eng.lyft.com) in order to achieve broad, non-exclusionary distribution of information to the public and for complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. The contents of our websites and corporate reports mentioned herein are not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with the SEC, and any references to our websites or the contents of our websites are intended to be inactive textual references only.
11