Item 1A.

RISK FACTORS.
We face a variety of risks that may affect our business, financial condition, operating results, the trading price of our common stock, or any combination thereof. You should carefully consider the following information and the other information in this Form 10-K in evaluating our business and prospects and before making an investment decision with respect to our common stock. If any of these risks were to occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects could be materially and adversely affected. In such an event, the market price of our common stock could decline and you could lose all or part of your investment. The risks and uncertainties we describe below are not the only ones facing us. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also affect our business.
13
Table of Contents
Risks Related to Our Business
Our plans to expand our revenue opportunities may not be successful.
As part of our business strategy, we regularly seek to expand our revenue opportunities both organically and inorganically. In particular, we have expanded our licensing activities beyond device-based licensing revenue to certain video and cloud-based service providers. The market for licensing video and cloud-based services is not as developed as device-based licensing programs. As a result, video and cloud-based service providers do not have a significant volume of comparable agreements against which to compare our offers and may use this as a reason to delay our negotiations with such providers. Additionally, our pricing models may not reflect the value of our technologies in the eyes of our customers. And, because this market is less developed, holdout behavior may be more likely than in device licensing. Service providers may also opt to use alternative technologies for which we have little or no patent coverage. Accordingly, we may not be able to enter into license agreements with these providers on terms that are favorable to us, or at all. Services revenue is a key component of our future growth, and if we are unable to successfully launch and execute a services licensing program, we will not reach our revenue targets, and our business, financial condition and prospects could be harmed.  
Challenges relating to our ability to enter into new license agreements and renew existing license agreements could cause our revenue and cash flow to decline.
We face challenges in entering into new patent license agreements. Most implementers of our technology do not voluntarily seek to enter into license agreements with us before they commence manufacturing and/or selling devices that use our patented inventions. The process of identifying users of our inventions and negotiating license agreements with reluctant prospective licensees requires significant time, effort and expense. Some infringers may act in bad faith, by attempting to hold out on taking a license altogether or behaving opportunistically in license negotiations. Even good faith negotiations are often very long and complex, involving significant company time and resources. Given these challenges, we cannot ensure that we will be able to enter into patent license agreements either at all or on terms acceptable to us. Additionally, given the large number of implementers using our patented inventions, we may not be able to identify all potential licensees. Once identified, it is not feasible for us to seek licenses from all users of our patented technologies, so we have to make strategic decisions with respect to which companies we should approach for license negotiations. Uncertainty related to entry into new license agreements could impact our forecasts and ultimately, revenue, cash flow and business.
We also face challenges in renewing our existing license agreements. Although we endeavor to renew license agreements prior to their expiration, due to various factors, including the technology and business needs and competitive positions of our licensees and, at times, reluctance on the part of our licensees to participate in renewal discussions, we may not be able to renegotiate the license agreements on acceptable terms before the expiration of the license agreement, or at all. If there is a delay in renegotiating and renewing a license agreement prior to its expiration, there could be a gap in time during which we may be unable to recognize revenue from that licensee or we may be forced to renegotiate and renew the license agreement on terms that are more favorable to such licensee. If we fail to renegotiate and renew our license agreements prior to their expiration, at all or on terms that are favorable to us, our forecasts, revenue and cash flow could be materially adversely affected.
Royalties or other terms under our patent license agreements could be subject to determination through arbitration or other third-party adjudications or regulatory or court proceedings, and arbitrators, judges or other third-party adjudicators or regulators could make unfavorable determinations.
Historically, we strive for the terms of our patent license agreements, including royalties, to be reached through arms-length bilateral negotiations with our licensees. We could agree, as we did with Samsung and Lenovo pursuant to binding arbitration agreements, to have royalties and any other disputed terms set by third party adjudicators (such as arbitrators). We have no guarantee that the royalties or other terms set by arbitrators, courts or other third parties will be favorable to us. It is possible that courts or regulators could decide to set or otherwise determine the FRAND consistency of such terms or the manner in which such terms are determined, including by determining a worldwide royalty for our SEPs. Changes to or clarifications of our obligations to be prepared to offer licenses to SEPs on FRAND terms and conditions could require such terms, including our royalties, to be determined through third party adjudications. Finally, we and certain of our current and prospective licensees have initiated, and we and others could in the future initiate, legal proceedings or regulatory proceedings requesting third party adjudicators or regulators to set FRAND terms and conditions for a worldwide license to our SEPs, or to determine the FRAND-consistency of current terms and conditions in our patent license agreements. Chinese courts have affirmed their position that in certain SEP licensing disputes, Chinese courts can set worldwide royalties, and in December 2023, one such court issued such a decision setting a worldwide royalty for Nokia’s cellular patents. We have faced similar proceedings with OPPO in China to determine a worldwide royalty for certain of our SEPs as well as royalty-setting proceedings in the UK initiated by Lenovo and Tesla. If any court or arbitration tribunal decision sets a worldwide royalty rate that is unfavorable to us, our standard essential patent portfolio could be significantly devalued as it relates to the FRAND royalty an implementer should pay, which could in turn negatively impact pricing with other licensees. 
14
Table of Contents
To the extent that our patent royalties for our patent license agreements are determined through arbitration or other third party adjudications or regulatory or court proceedings rather than through bilateral negotiations, because such proceedings are inherently unpredictable and uncertain and there are currently few precedents for such determinations, it is possible that royalties may be lower than our accounting estimates and/or comparable licenses. This could also have a negative impact on royalties we are able to obtain from future licensees, which may have an adverse effect on our revenue and cash flow. Prospective customers may delay, and in some cases have delayed, negotiations on the basis of an adverse decision. In addition, to the extent that other terms and conditions for our patent license agreements are determined through such means, such terms and conditions could be less favorable than our historical terms and conditions, which could have an adverse effect on our licensing business more broadly. 
We could continue to be involved in a number of costly litigation, arbitration and administrative proceedings to enforce or defend our intellectual property rights and to defend our licensing practices.
Although we always seek to enter into licenses through bi-lateral negotiations, sometimes licensees are unwilling and litigation is necessary. This may be even more true with respect to video services licensing than device licensing since licensing efforts in this space are newer. While some companies seek licenses before they commence manufacturing and/or selling devices or services that use our patented inventions, the vast majority do not. Consequently, we approach companies and seek to establish license agreements for using our inventions. We expend significant time and effort identifying users and potential users of our inventions and negotiating license agreements with companies that may be reluctant to take licenses. If a third party implementer is unwilling to take a license on reasonable terms or in a reasonable time frame, or at all, we have in the past commenced, and may in the future commence, legal or administrative actions against such third parties to enforce our intellectual property rights. In turn, we have faced, and expect to continue to face, counterclaims and other legal proceedings that challenge the essential nature of our patents, or that claim that our patents are invalid, unenforceable or not infringed. Litigation adversaries have and may continue to allege that we have not complied with certain commitments to standards-setting organizations and therefore that we are not entitled to the relief that we seek. Parties have also filed, and may in the future file, antitrust claims, unfair competition claims or regulatory complaints on that or other bases, and may seek damages and other relief based on such claims. Litigation adversaries have also filed against us, and other third parties may in the future file, validity challenges such as inter partes proceedings in the USPTO or the China National Intellectual Property Administration, which can lead to delays of our patent infringement actions as well as potential findings of invalidity. Such parties may also seek to obtain a determination that our patents are not infringed, are not essential or are unenforceable.
Litigation may be also required to protect our trade secrets, enforce patent license and confidentiality agreements or determine the validity, enforceability and scope of proprietary rights of others. The cost of enforcing and defending our intellectual property and of defending our licensing practices has been and may continue to be significant, in particular with rising fees from outside counsel. As a result, we could be subject to significant legal fees and costs, including in certain jurisdictions the costs and fees of opposing counsel if we are unsuccessful. In addition, litigation, arbitration and administrative proceedings require significant key employee involvement for significant periods of time, which could divert these employees from other business activities.
Potential patent and litigation reform legislation, potential USPTO and international patent rule changes, potential legislation affecting mechanisms for patent enforcement and available remedies, and potential changes to the intellectual property rights (“IPR”) policies of worldwide standards bodies, as well as rulings in legal proceedings, may affect our investments in research and development and our strategies for patent prosecution, licensing and enforcement and could have a material adverse effect on our licensing business as well as our business as a whole. 
Potential changes to certain U.S. and international patent laws, rules and regulations may occur in the future, some or all of which may affect our research and development investments, patent prosecution costs, the scope of future patent coverage we secure, the number of forums in which we can seek to enforce our patents, the remedies that we may be entitled to in patent litigation, and attorneys’ fees or other remedies that could be sought against us, and may require us to reevaluate and modify our research and development activities and patent prosecution, licensing and enforcement strategies. For example, the State Administration for Market Regulation in China regularly reviews its policies related to intellectual property and antitrust laws, and any such review could result in ambiguous standards and/or create a worse position for patent holders like us. Additionally, the European Commission (“EC”) has initiated a review of the EU’s IP policies as they relate to SEPs and FRAND. This review is currently being discussed and debated inside the European Parliament and the European Council and any change to the legal or regulatory landscape as a result of this review could impact our ability to negotiate license agreements on favorable terms or at all, while also limiting our potential legal remedies and materially impacting our business. Further, legislation designed to reduce the value of SEPs and alter the U.S. patent system, including legislation designed to reduce the jurisdiction and remedial authority of the USITC, has periodically been introduced in Congress.
15
Table of Contents
Any potential changes in the law, the IPR policies of standards bodies or other developments that reduce the available forums or the types of relief available in such forums (such as injunctive relief), restrict permissible licensing practices (such as our ability to license on a worldwide portfolio basis) or that otherwise cause us to seek alternative forums (such as arbitration or state court), would make it more difficult for us to enforce our patents, whether in adversarial proceedings or in negotiations. Because we have historically depended on the availability of certain forms of legal process to enforce our patents and obtain fair and adequate compensation for our investments in research and development and the unauthorized use of our intellectual property, developments that undermine our ability to do so could have a negative impact on future licensing efforts.
Rulings in our legal proceedings, as well as those of third parties, may affect our strategies for patent prosecution, licensing and royalty setting and enforcement. For example, in the past, the USITC and U.S. courts, including the U.S. Supreme Court, have taken actions that have been viewed as unfavorable to patentees, including us. Decisions that occur in the U.S. or in international forums may change the law applicable to various patent law issues, such as, for example, patentability, validity, claim construction, patent exhaustion, patent misuse, permissible licensing practices, available forums, and remedies such as damages and injunctive relief, in ways that are detrimental to the ability of patentees to enforce patents and obtain suitable relief. There are regularly discussions within the EC regarding potential regulations and policy changes that could determine how and whether a patent is essential to a standard. The risk of having our patents determined essential based on a single methodology or specific criteria and conditions associated with patent enforcement and licensing as imposed by the EC would affect our strategies as well. Ongoing uncertainty related to the feasibility and criteria used for this evaluation as well as the cost associated with such essentiality determination could impact the assessment of our SEP portfolio.
We continue to monitor and evaluate our strategies for prosecution, licensing and enforcement with regard to these developments; however, any resulting change in such strategies may have an adverse impact on our business and financial condition.
Our ability to license device manufacturers and service providers in China may be adversely affected by a deterioration in United States-China trade and geopolitical relations, our customers facing economic uncertainty there or our failure to establish a positive reputation in China.
Companies headquartered in China currently comprise a substantial portion of the handset manufacturers that remain unlicensed to our patent portfolio as well as manufacturers of other devices and services that use our patented inventions. Our ability to renew license agreements with current licensees in China as well as license new manufacturers is, among other things, affected by the macroeconomic and geopolitical climate, as well as our business relationships and perceived reputation in China. The U.S. and Chinese governments are regularly engaged in various trade discussions, and the U.S. State Department originally issued a travel advisory in January 2019 and reissued this travel advisory on January 11, 2023 advising U.S. citizens to exercise increased caution in China due to arbitrary enforcement of local laws. In January 2020, the U.S. and China entered into Phase One of the Economic and Trade Agreement, which took steps to ease certain trade tensions between the U.S. and China, including tensions involving intellectual property theft and forced intellectual property transfers by China. Although the Phase One Trade Agreement was an encouraging sign of progress in the trade negotiations between the U.S. and China, questions still remain as to the enforcement of its terms, the resolution of a number of other points of dispute between the parties, and the prevention of further tensions. Additionally, President Trump has indicated that his administration would potentially impose greater restrictions on trade with China through significant increases in tariffs on goods imported into the U.S., which could increase tensions and create greater uncertainty in our business dealings in China and with Chinese companies. Our ability to renew or conclude new license agreements with such manufacturers could also be affected by economic uncertainty, particularly in the handset market, in China or by our failure to establish a positive reputation and relationships in China. 
China is a key market for us, and any of these factors could harm our ability to execute our business plans there and could in turn cause our long-term business, financial condition and operating results to be materially adversely affected.
We may face setbacks in defending our patent licensing practices.
Adverse decisions in litigation or regulatory actions relating to our licensing practices, including, but not limited to, findings that we have not complied with our FRAND commitments and/or engaged in anticompetitive or unfair licensing activities or that any of our license agreements are void or unenforceable, could have an adverse impact on our cash flow and revenue. Regulatory bodies may assess fines in the event of adverse findings, and as part of court or arbitration proceedings, a judgment could require us to pay damages (including the possibility of treble damages for antitrust claims). In addition, to the extent that legal decisions find patent license agreements to be void or unenforceable in whole or in part, that could lead to a decrease in the revenue associated with and cash flow generated by such agreements, and, depending on the damages requested, could lead to the refund of certain payments already made. Such decisions could also cause serious reputational harm. Finally, adverse legal decisions related to our licensing practices could have an adverse effect on our ability to enter into license agreements, which, in turn, could cause our cash flow and revenue to decline.
16
Table of Contents
We face competition from companies developing other or similar technologies.
We face competition from companies developing other and similar technologies that are competitive with our technologies, including in the standards-setting arena. Due to competition, our technologies may not find a viable commercial marketplace or, where applicable, be adopted by the relevant standards. In particular, increasing participation within standards-setting organizations has contributed to greater competition for influence within such organizations and for ultimately setting standards. In addition, in licensing our patent portfolio, we may compete with other companies, many of whom also claim to hold SEPs, for a share of the royalties that certain licensees may argue to be the total royalty that is supported by a certain product or products. In any device or piece of equipment that contains intellectual property, the manufacturer may need to obtain a license from multiple holders of intellectual property. To the extent that multiple parties all seek royalties on the same product, the manufacturers could claim to have difficulty in meeting the financial requirements of each patent holder.
Royalties could decrease for future license agreements due to downward product pricing pressures and competition over patent royalties.
Royalty payments to us under future license agreements could be lower than anticipated. Certain licensees and others in the wireless and consumer electronics industries, individually and collectively, are demanding that royalties for patents be lower than historic royalties and/or should be applied to royalty bases smaller than the selling price of an end product (such as the “smallest salable patent practicing unit”). There is also increasing downward pricing pressure on certain wireless products, including handsets, and other consumer electronics devices that we believe implement our patented inventions, and some of our royalties are tied to the pricing of these devices. In addition, a number of other companies also claim to hold patents that are essential with respect to products we aim to license. Demands by certain licensees to reduce royalties due to pricing pressure or the number of patent holders seeking royalties on these technologies could result in a decrease in the royalties we receive for use of our patented inventions, thereby decreasing future revenue and cash flow.
Our technologies may not become patented, adopted by wireless or video standards or widely deployed.
We invest significant resources in the development of advanced technology and related solutions. However, certain of our inventions that we believe will be employed in current and future products, including 4G, 5G, HEVC, VVC and others, are the subject of patent applications where no patent has been issued to us yet by the relevant patent issuing authorities. There is no assurance that these applications will issue as patents, either at all or with claims that would be required by products in the market currently or in the future. Our investments may not be recoverable or may not result in meaningful revenue if a sufficient number of our technologies are not patented and/or adopted by the relevant standards or if products based on the technologies in which we invest are not widely deployed. Competing technologies could reduce the opportunities for the adoption or deployment of technologies we develop. In addition, it is possible that in certain technology areas, such as in the IoT space, the adoption of proprietary systems could compete with or replace standards-based technology. It is also possible in certain technology areas, such as video coding and the IoT, that open source and/or purportedly royalty-free solutions such as AV1, VP-9 and OCF could compete with or replace proprietary standards-based technology. If the technologies in which we invest do not become patented, are not adopted by the relevant standards, or are not adopted by and deployed in the mainstream markets, at all or at the rate or within time periods that we expect, our business, financial condition and operating results could be adversely affected.
Setbacks in defending and enforcing our patent rights could cause our revenue and cash flow to decline.
Some third parties have challenged, and we expect will continue to challenge, the infringement, validity and enforceability of certain of our patents. In some instances, certain of our patent claims could be substantially narrowed or declared invalid, unenforceable, not essential or not infringed. For example, in limited cases, certain of our patents have been held invalid by courts in proceedings initiated by counterparties to our litigation proceedings. We cannot ensure that the validity and enforceability of our patents will be maintained or that our patents will be determined to be applicable to any particular product or standard. Moreover, third parties could attempt to circumvent certain of our patents through design changes. Any significant adverse findings as to the validity, infringement, enforceability or scope of our patents and/or any successful design-around of our patents could result in the loss of patent licensing revenue from existing licensees, through termination or modification of agreements or otherwise, and could substantially impair our ability to secure new patent licensing arrangements, either at all or on beneficial terms.
17
Table of Contents
Macroeconomic conditions may harm our business.
A decline in economic conditions, such as a recession, economic downturn or inflationary conditions in the U.S. or elsewhere could adversely affect our business. In particular, inflation has accelerated and remained high in the U.S. and globally. Trade tensions or restrictions on free trade, including the tariffs that have been proposed by President Trump, could exacerbate these effects. A majority of our revenue is derived from patent license agreements that provide for fixed payments that were negotiated before the recent rise in inflation. An inflationary environment can increase our cost of labor, as well as our other operating costs, without a corresponding increase in our revenue, which may have a material adverse impact on our operating results and financial condition. 
Scrutiny by antitrust authorities may affect our strategies for patent prosecution, licensing and enforcement and may increase our costs of doing business and/or lead to monetary fines, penalties or other remedies or sanctions.
Domestic and foreign antitrust authorities regularly review their policies with respect to the use of SEPs, including the enforcement of such patents against competitors and others. Such scrutiny has in the past resulted in enforcement actions against Qualcomm and other licensing companies, and could lead to additional investigations of, or enforcement actions against, us. Such inquiries and/or enforcement actions could impact the availability of injunctive and monetary relief, which may adversely affect our strategies for patent prosecution, licensing and enforcement and increase our costs of operation. Such inquiries and/or enforcement actions could also result in monetary fines, penalties or other remedies or sanctions that could adversely affect our business and financial condition.
We are subject to risks resulting from customer concentration.
We earn a significant amount of our revenues from a limited number of licensees or customers, and we expect that a significant portion of our revenues will continue to come from a limited number of licensees or customers for the foreseeable future. For example, in 2024, Samsung, Lenovo, Apple, and OPPO each comprised 10% or more of our consolidated revenues. Further, because of the limited number of licensees and potential licensees, any opportunistic behavior during license negotiations by a company or companies using our technology could create large exposure for us. In the event that we are unable to renew one or more of such license agreements at all or on terms that are favorable to us, our future revenue and cash flow could be materially adversely affected. In the event that one or more of our significant licensees or customers fail to meet their payment or reporting obligations (for example, due to a credit issue or in connection with a legal dispute or similar proceeding) under their respective license agreements, our future revenue and cash flow could be materially adversely affected. In addition, in the event that there is a material decrease in shipments of licensed products by one of our per-unit licensees, our revenues from such licensee could significantly decline and our future revenue and cash flow could be adversely affected. 
Additionally, there is significant concentration in the wireless communications industry in general, and these trends may continue. For example, in 2024, Samsung, Apple, and Xiaomi collectively accounted for over 50% of worldwide smartphone shipments, and we anticipate a similar level of concentration in worldwide shipments for future years. Any further concentration or sale within the wireless industry among handset providers may reduce the number of licensing opportunities or, in some instances, result in the reduction, loss or elimination of existing royalty obligations. Further, if wireless carriers consolidate with companies that utilize technologies that are competitive with our technologies or that are not covered by our patents, we could lose market opportunities, which could negatively impact our revenues and financial condition.
We may not be successful in growing our business inorganically, and any acquisitions or strategic reactions could create risk and/or fail to yield the anticipated benefits.
We regularly seek to expand our business opportunities through targeted acquisitions, research partnerships, joint ventures and licensing platforms. We face intense competition within our industry and otherwise for acquisitions of high-quality businesses, technologies and assets. As such, even if we are able to identify an acquisition target 
that
 we would like to acquire, we may not be able to complete the 
acquisition
 on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. If we are not able to consummate any of these inorganic growth opportunities on a reasonable time frame, on terms that are attractive to us or at all, we may not be able to grow our business in line with our expectations.
18
Table of Contents
Additionally, acquisitions or other strategic transactions may increase our costs, including but not limited to accounting and legal fees, and may not generate financial returns or result in increased adoption or continued use of our technologies or of any technologies we may acquire. The integration of acquired companies or businesses may result in significant challenges, including, among others: successfully monetizing any acquired technology, in particular outside of our core licensing programs; integrating new employees, technology and/or products; consolidating research and development operations; minimizing the diversion of management’s attention from ongoing business matters; and consolidating corporate and administrative infrastructures. As a result, we may be unable to accomplish the integration smoothly or successfully. In addition, we cannot be certain that the integration of acquired companies, businesses, technology and/or intellectual property with our business will result in the realization of the full benefits that we anticipate will be realized from such acquisitions. Our plans to integrate and/or expand upon research and development programs and technologies obtained through acquisitions may result in products or technologies that are not adopted by the market, or the market may adopt solutions competitive to our technologies.
Our revenue may be affected by the deployment of future-generation wireless standards in place of 3G, 4G and 5G technologies or future-generation video standards, by the timing of such deployment, or by the need to extend or modify certain existing license agreements to cover subsequently issued patents.
We own an evolving portfolio of issued and pending patents related to 3G, 4G and 5G cellular technologies and non-cellular technologies including video coding technologies, and our patent portfolio licensing program for future-generation wireless standards or video coding standards may not be as successful in generating licensing income as our current licensing programs. Although we continue to participate in worldwide standards bodies and contribute our intellectual property to future-generation wireless and video coding standards, including standards that will define 5G and beyond, our technologies might not be adopted by the relevant standards. In addition, we may not be as successful in the licensing of future-generation products as we have been in licensing products deploying existing wireless and video coding standards, or we may not achieve a level of royalty revenues on such products that is comparable to that which we have historically received on products deploying existing wireless and video coding standards. Furthermore, if there is a delay in the standardization and/or deployment of 5G or future video coding standards, our business and revenue could be negatively impacted.
The licenses that we grant under our patent license agreements typically only cover products designed to operate in accordance with specified technologies and that were manufactured or deployed or anticipated to be manufactured or deployed at the time of entry into the agreement. Also, we have patent license agreements with licensees that now offer for sale types of products that were not sold by such licensees at the time the patent license agreements were entered into and, thus, are not licensed by us. We do not derive patent licensing revenue from the sale of products by our licensees that are not covered by a patent license agreement. In order to grant a patent license for any such products, we will need to extend or modify our patent license agreements or enter into new license agreements with such licensees, and we may not be able to do so on terms acceptable to us or at all. Further, such extensions, modifications or new license agreements may adversely affect our revenue on the sale of products covered by the license prior to any extension, modification or new license.
We may not be able to attract and retain qualified employees. 
Competition for top talent is substantial. In order to be successful, we must attract, develop, and retain employees. Implementing our business strategy requires specialized engineering and other technical talent, and these skills are in high demand among our competitors. The market for employees in our industry is extremely competitive, and competitors for talent, particularly engineering talent, have and could in the future attempt to hire our employees or employment candidates. Further, the increased availability of remote working arrangements has expanded the pool of companies that can compete for our employees and employment candidates. A number of such competitors for talent are significantly larger than us and may be able to offer compensation, benefits or work arrangements perceived as more desirable than what we are able to offer. If we are unable to recruit, retain, and motivate our employees, then we may not be able to innovate, execute on our strategy and grow our business as planned. Further, the cost and loss of efficiency related to turnover, particularly at senior levels, may be significant.
19
Table of Contents
Our business and operations could suffer in the event of security breaches.
Attempts by others to gain unauthorized access to information technology systems are becoming more sophisticated. These attempts, which in some cases could be related to industrial or other espionage, include covertly introducing malware to computers and networks and impersonating authorized users, among others. Advancements in technology, including artificial intelligence and machine learning, may continue to change the way bad actors seek to gain unauthorized access and disrupt systems, thereby increasing the risks of security breaches. Material security events could also require public disclosure, which could further harm our business or reputation. We seek to detect and investigate all security incidents and to prevent their recurrence, but, in some cases, we might be unaware of an incident or its magnitude and effects. While we have not identified any material incidents of unauthorized access to date, the theft, unauthorized use or publication of our intellectual property and/or confidential business or personal information (whether through a breach of our own systems or the breach of a system of a third party that provides services to us) could harm our competitive or negotiating positions, reduce the value of our investment in research and development and other strategic initiatives, compromise our patent enforcement strategies or outlook, damage our reputation or otherwise adversely affect our business. In addition, to the extent that any future security breach results in inappropriate disclosure of our employees’, licensees’, or customers’ confidential and /or personal information, we may incur liability or additional costs to remedy any damages caused by such breach. 
We face risks from doing business and maintaining offices in international markets.
A significant portion of our licensees, potential licensees and customers are international, and our licensees, potential licensees and customers sell their products to markets throughout the world. In addition, in recent years, we have expanded, and we may continue to expand, our international operations, opening offices in China, France and Finland. Accordingly, we are subject to the risks and uncertainties of operating internationally. Our international operations could exacerbate the other risk factors we have identified, and we could be affected by a variety of uncontrollable and changing factors, including, but not limited to: difficulty in protecting our intellectual property in foreign jurisdictions; enforcing contractual commitments in foreign jurisdictions or against foreign corporations; government regulations, tariffs and other applicable trade barriers; biased enforcement of foreign laws and regulations to promote industrial or economic policies at our expense; retaliatory practices by foreign actors; currency control regulations; export license requirements and restrictions on the use of technology; social, economic and political instability; costly, time consuming and changing regulatory regimes; natural disasters, acts of terrorism, widespread illness and war; potentially adverse tax consequences; general delays in remittance of and difficulties collecting non-U.S. payments; foreign labor regulations; anti-corruption laws; public health issues; and difficulty in staffing and managing operations remotely. Managing operations and complying with relevant laws and regulations in China may be particularly complex, costly and time-consuming. We also are subject to risks specific to the individual countries in which we and our licensees, potential licensees and customers do business.
In addition, adverse movements in currency exchange rates may negatively affect our business due to a number of situations, including the following:
•
If the effective price of products sold by our licensees were to increase as a result of fluctuations in the exchange rate of the relevant currencies, demand for the products could fall, which in turn would reduce our royalty revenues.
•
Assets or liabilities of our consolidated subsidiaries may be subject to the effects of currency fluctuations, which may affect our reported earnings.
•
Certain of our operating and investing costs, such as foreign patent prosecution, are based in foreign currencies. If these costs are not subject to foreign exchange hedging transactions, strengthening currency values in selected regions could adversely affect our near-term operating expenses, investment costs and cash flows. In addition, continued strengthening of currency values in selected regions over an extended period of time could adversely affect our future operating expenses, investment costs and cash flows.
Our business is subject to evolving corporate governance and public disclosure regulations and expectations that could expose us to reputational risks and legal liability. 
There is significant focus from investors, customers and employees as well as other stakeholders concerning sustainability and governance matters. Current and prospective investors are utilizing this data to inform their decisions including investment and voting using a multitude of evolving score and rating frameworks. Additionally public interest and legislative pressure related to public companies' sustainability, governance and related practices continue to grow and evolve. 
We actively manage these issues and have established and publicly 
announced
 certain goals, commitments, and targets which we may refine or expand further in the future. These goals, commitments, and targets reflect our current plans and aspirations and are not guarantees that we will be able to achieve them. 
20
Table of Contents
Additionally, we are subject to various sustainability related reporting standards, which are rapidly evolving, and which have resulted in, and are likely to continue to result in, increased compliance costs and management attention. In particular, we are subject to both California and European Union reporting regimes on emissions and climate-related risks. Tracking and reporting the required metrics is costly and demands substantial attention. If our governance and reporting practices fail to meet the expectations of any of our stakeholders’ evolving standards, our reputation, brand and employee retention may be negatively impacted. If we do not adapt our strategy or execution quickly enough to meet the evolving expectations, our business, financial condition, results of operations and reputation could be adversely affected.
Our industry is subject to rapid technological change, uncertainty and shifting market opportunities.
Our success depends, in part, on our ability to define and keep pace with changes in industry standards, technological developments and varying customer requirements. Changes in industry standards and needs could adversely affect the development of, and demand for, our technology, rendering our technology currently under development obsolete and unmarketable. The patents and applications comprising our portfolio have fixed terms, and, if we fail to anticipate or respond adequately to these changes through the development or acquisition of new patentable inventions, patents or other technology, we could miss a critical market opportunity, reducing or eliminating our ability to capitalize on our patents, technology solutions or both.
Our commercialization, licensing and/or M&A activities could lead to patent exhaustion or implied license issues that could materially adversely affect our business.
The legal doctrines of patent exhaustion and implied license may be subject to different judicial interpretations. Our commercialization or licensing of certain technologies and/or our M&A activities could potentially lead to patent exhaustion or implied license issues that could adversely affect our patent licensing program(s) and limit our ability to derive licensing revenue from certain patents under such program(s), whether through the assumption of license agreements that would result in our patents being captured by such agreements, the acquisition of a business that sells or licenses products that practice our patents, or otherwise. In the event of successful challenges by current or prospective licensees based on these doctrines that result in a material decrease to our patent licensing revenue, our financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected.
Our use of open source software could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flow.
Certain of our technology and our suppliers’ technology may contain or may be derived from “open source” software, which, under certain open source licenses, may offer accessibility to a portion of a product’s source code and may expose related intellectual property to adverse licensing conditions. Licensing of such technology may impose certain obligations on us if we were to distribute derivative works of the open source software. For example, these obligations may require us to make source code for derivative works available or license such derivative works under a particular type of license that is different from what we customarily use to license our 
technology
. While we believe we have taken appropriate steps and employ adequate controls to protect our intellectual property rights, our use of open source software presents risks that, if we inappropriately use open source software, we may be required to re-engineer our technology, discontinue the sale of our technology, release the source code of our proprietary technology to the public at no cost or take other remedial actions, which could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. There is a risk that open source licenses could be construed in a way that could impose unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to commercialize our solutions, which could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. In addition, developing open source products, while adequately protecting the intellectual property rights upon which our licensing business depends, may prove burdensome and time-consuming under certain circumstances, thereby placing us at a competitive disadvantage.
We may have exposure to additional tax liabilities.
We are a U.S. multinational company subject to complex and changing tax laws in the United States and foreign jurisdictions where we do business.  Significant judgement is required in determining our worldwide provision of income taxes.  As a U.S. multinational company, we are 
subject
 to examination by the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) and other tax authorities, and we have ongoing tax audits in various jurisdictions. Any of these examinations could result in challenges to various positions we assert in our filings and could impact our tax liability, both for future and past tax years. Although we believe that our tax estimates are reasonable, the final determination of tax audits and any related legal proceedings could materially differ from amounts reflected in our income tax provisions and accruals. In such case, our income tax provision, results of operations and cash flows in the period or periods in which that determination is made could be negatively affected.
21
Table of Contents
Our tax rate could be adversely affected by several factors beyond our control, including changes in tax laws, regulations, interpretations, tax rates, assessments and any related tax, interest or penalties. If we are deemed to owe additional taxes, it could negatively impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. For example, most of our income is taxable in the United States with a significant portion qualifying for preferential treatment as foreign-derived intangible income ("FDII"). Beginning in 2026, the effective tax rate for FDII increases from 13% to 16%. Further, if U.S. tax rates increase and/or the FDII deduction is eliminated or reduced, our provision for income taxes, results of operations and cash flows would be adversely affected. In France, where we have substantial operations, we benefit from research tax credits applicable to French technology companies, including the Crédit Impôt Recherche (CIR). While we have historically benefited from the CIR, the French government has recently 
challenged
 our eligibility for portions of the CIR that they previously accepted. We believe our estimates are reasonable and consistent with the regulation, but if this challenge is successful and our eligibility for the CIR is reduced, it could adversely impact our results of operations and cash flows. The French government could also eliminate or reduce the CIR entirely, which could harm our business.
Additionally, any new tax legislation, or any new guidance or interpretations of the same, could expose us to additional tax liabilities. For example, the OECD Model Rules under Pillar Two introduced a minimum corporate tax rate of 15% on multinational enterprises with annual consolidated revenue 
exceeding
 €750 million in at least two of the prior four years. Although this minimum tax has been adopted by various jurisdictions where we do business, including France and the UK, we are not yet subject to the minimum tax based on our revenues. If we become subject to the Pillar Two minimum tax, our business, results of operations and cash flows would be adversely affected.
Market projections and data are forward-looking in nature.
Our strategy is based on our own projections and on analyst, industry observer and expert projections, which are forward-looking in nature and are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties. We utilize these projections in various ways, including key strategic decisions that we regularly make regarding the direction of our business, research and licensing efforts. The validity of their and our assumptions, 
the
 timing and scope of 
wireless

markets
, economic conditions, customer buying patterns, timeliness of equipment development, pricing of products, growth in wireless telecommunications services that would be delivered on wireless devices and availability of capital for infrastructure improvements could affect these predictions. Projections on the size of various markets may be inaccurate. In addition, market data upon which we rely is based on third party reports that may be inaccurate. The inaccuracy of any of these projections and/or market data could adversely affect our business prospects, operating results and financial condition.
Our strategic decisions about our patent portfolio involve risks, and the anticipated benefits of such actions may not be realized.
From time to time, we make strategic decisions about our patent portfolio, whether through a formal portfolio review or opportunistic dispositions. Cost savings expectations of any portfolio review are inherently uncertain and, therefore, we cannot provide assurance that we will achieve any expected, or any actual cost savings from any such action. Our portfolio review activities may place substantial demands on our management, which could lead to the diversion of management’s attention from other business priorities. We have divested a number of assets, including as part of a recent strategic portfolio rationalization review. Any assets that we divest could turn out to be more valuable than we had anticipated and we may not realize the anticipated benefits of any strategic decision about our patent portfolio.
Due to cost constraints, we also regularly undertake strategic decisions in respect of where and how we file for patents. These decisions could later prove to be incorrect, which could ultimately harm our licensing potential or enforcement options, which could in turn harm our financial results and business prospects.
Our technology development activities may experience delays.
We may experience technical, financial, resource or other difficulties or delays related to the further development of our technologies. Delays may have adverse financial effects and may allow competitors with comparable technology offerings to gain an advantage over us in the marketplace or in the standards setting arena. There can be no assurance that we will continue to have adequate staffing or that our development efforts will ultimately be successful. Moreover, certain of our technologies have not been tested for commercial use, and it is possible that they may not perform as expected. In such cases, our business, financial condition and operating results could be adversely affected, and our ability to secure new licensees and other business opportunities could be diminished.
22
Table of Contents
Our business is subject to a variety of domestic and international laws, rules and policies and other obligations regarding data protection.
We may be affected by existing and proposed laws and regulations, as well as government policies and practices related to cybersecurity, privacy and data protection. For example, the European General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR"), the United Kingdom’s GDPR, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 and the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 impose obligations on companies such as ours regarding the handling of personal data. Additionally, in 2021, China adopted the Personal Information Protection Law (“PIPL”), which, together China’s existing cyber and data securities regulations, have required and will continue to require significant investment and resources to ensure compliance. Complying with the these and other privacy and cybersecurity regulations could cause us to incur substantial costs or require us to change our business practices. If we cannot implement an effective compliance mechanism for cross-border privacy and security matters, we may face increased exposure to regulatory actions, substantial fines and other penalties. Further, these areas are quickly changing, becoming increasingly stringent, and creating regulatory uncertainty.
Risks Relating to Our Common Stock and our Convertible Notes
Our operating results may fluctuate significantly, which could make our future results difficult to predict and could cause our operating results to fall below expectations.
Our operating results may fluctuate from quarter to quarter as a result of a number of factors, many of which are outside of our control and may be difficult to predict. In particular, the timing of revenue recognition may cause our revenues and earnings to fluctuate, and there is significant judgment in the application of our revenue recognition principles. For example, accounting principles sometimes require us to recognize revenue before the actual amount is certain, which could add to uncertainty in our revenue guidance. The variability and unpredictability of our results of operations or other operating metrics could result in our failure to meet our expectations or those of industry or financial analysts. If we fail to meet or exceed such expectations for these or any other reasons, the market price of our common stock could fall substantially.
Our stock repurchase program may not result in a positive return of capital to shareholders.
Our stock repurchase program may not return value to shareholders as it was designed to do because the market price of the stock may decline below the levels at which we repurchased shares of stock. Stock repurchase programs are intended to deliver shareholder value over the long term, but stock price fluctuations can reduce the effectiveness of such programs. In addition, our Board of Directors could choose to suspend or terminate the stock repurchase program at any time or not to renew the program.
Our shareholders may not receive the level of dividends provided for in our dividend policy or any dividend at all, and any decrease in or suspension of the dividend could cause our stock price to decline.
Our dividend policy contemplates the payment of a regular quarterly cash dividend of $0.60 per share on our outstanding common stock. We expect to pay quarterly cash dividends on our common stock at the rate set forth in our current dividend policy. However, the dividend policy and the payment and timing of future cash dividends under the policy are subject to the final determination each quarter by our Board of Directors that (i) the dividend will be made in compliance with laws applicable to the declaration and payment of cash dividends, including Section 1551(b) of the Pennsylvania Business Corporation Law, and (ii) the policy remains in our best interests, which determination will be based on a number of factors, including our earnings, financial condition, capital resources and capital requirements, alternative uses of capital, restrictions imposed by any existing debt, economic conditions and other factors considered relevant by the Board of Directors. Given these considerations, our Board of Directors may increase or decrease the amount of the dividend at any time and may also decide to vary the timing of or suspend or discontinue the payment of dividends in the future. Any decrease in the amount of the dividend, or suspension or discontinuance of payment of a dividend, could cause our stock price to decline.
Securities analyst coverage or lack of coverage may have a negative impact on our common stock’s market price.
The trading market for our common stock will depend, in part, on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us or our business. We do not have any control over these analysts. If securities or industry analysts stop their coverage of us or additional securities and industry analysts fail to cover us in the future, the trading price for our common stock would be negatively impacted. If any analyst or analysts who cover us downgrade our common stock, changes their opinion of our shares or publishes inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price could decline. If any analyst or analysts cease coverage of us or fail to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our common stock could decrease and we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which could cause our stock price and trading volume to decline.
23
Table of Contents
Our indebtedness could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and our ability to meet our payment obligations under such indebtedness.
Our total indebtedness as of December 31, 2024 was approximately $477 million. This level of debt could have significant consequences on our future operations, including:
•
reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes, and limiting our ability to obtain additional financing for these purposes;
•
limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, and increasing our vulnerability to, changes in our business, the industry in which we operate and the general economy; and
•
placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt or are less leveraged.
Any of the above-listed factors could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and our ability to meet our payment obligations under the 2027 Notes.
The convertible note hedge transactions and warrant transactions that we entered into in connection with the offering of the 2027 Notes may affect the value of the such notes, and the market price of our common stock.
In connection with the 2027 Notes issuance, we entered into convertible note hedge transactions with certain financial institutions (the “option counterparties”) and sold warrants to the respective option counterparties. These transactions will be accounted for as an adjustment to our shareholders’ equity. The convertible note hedge transactions are expected to reduce the potential equity dilution upon any conversion of the notes. The warrants will have a dilutive effect on our earnings per share to the extent that the market price of our common stock exceeds the applicable strike price of the warrants on any expiration date of the warrants.
In addition, the respective option counterparties (and/or their affiliates) may modify their respective hedge positions from time to time (including during any observation period related to a conversion of the notes) by entering into or unwinding various derivative transactions with respect to our common stock and/or by purchasing or selling our common stock in open market transactions and/or privately negotiated transactions.
The potential effect, if any, of any of these transactions and activities on the market price of our common stock will depend in part on market conditions and cannot be ascertained at this time, but any of these activities could adversely affect the market price of our common stock.
We are subject to counterparty risk with respect to the convertible note hedge transactions.
The respective option counterparties are financial institutions or affiliates of financial institutions, and we will be subject to the risk that such option counterparties may default under the respective convertible note hedge transactions. Our exposure to the credit risk of the option counterparties is not secured by any collateral. If an option counterparty becomes subject to insolvency proceedings, we will become an unsecured creditor in those proceedings with a claim equal to our exposure at that time under the applicable convertible note hedge transactions. Our exposure will depend on many factors but, generally, the increase in our exposure will be correlated to the increase in our common stock market price and in volatility of our common stock. In addition, upon a default by an option counterparty, we may suffer adverse tax consequences and dilution with respect to our common stock. We can provide no assurance as to the financial stability or viability of the option counterparties.
Provisions of the 2027 Notes could discourage an acquisition of us by a third party.
Certain provisions of the 2027 Notes could make it more difficult or more expensive for a third party to acquire us. Upon the occurrence of certain transactions constituting a fundamental change under the indenture, holders of the notes will have the right, at their option, to require us to repurchase all of their applicable notes or any portion of the principal amount of the notes at a price of 100% of the principal amount of the notes being repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest. We may also be required to issue additional shares upon conversion in the event of certain fundamental change transactions. These provisions could limit the price that some investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock.
Item 1B. 

UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS.
None.
24
Table of Contents
Item 1C. 

CYBERSECURITY.
We take a defense-in-depth approach, leveraging multiple, layered security measures, to protect our data, our customers’ data, our infrastructure, and our employees. We embed data protection throughout our operations and information technology programs, relying on multiple and various controls to prevent and detect threats, with the goal of safeguarding our assets, data and personnel. 
InterDigital evaluates cybersecurity risks as part of our overall 
enterprise risk management
. A cybersecurity steering committee of senior executives is responsible for assessing and managing cybersecurity risks. The steering committee meets annually to evaluate any changes to the Company’s exposure to cybersecurity risks, discuss potential mitigation plans and provide updates on mitigation efforts already underway. The steering committee is led by the Director of Cybersecurity & Networks, 
a cybersecurity professional with 20 years of experience and industry-recognized certifications.
 The 
Director of Cybersecurity & Networks reports directly to the Chief Information Officer ("CIO")
 and manages our cybersecurity team, 
which uses multiple internal and external sources to keep up to date on the latest threats and risks and manages a process to evaluate cybersecurity risks associated with third-party service providers.
Our cybersecurity team also maintains a comprehensive set of cybersecurity policies and standards.  We continually reassess and review our cybersecurity strategy and policies, including through tabletop exercises, to identify and proactively address the constant changes in the global threat landscape. 
We also engage external vendors to assess the cybersecurity program as needed, including annual multi-stage penetration testing of our IT environment by independent third parties.
The Audit Committee of our Board oversees risk from cybersecurity threats. The Audit Committee of the Board and the full 
Board each receive quarterly updates
 on cybersecurity risks identified through the enterprise risk management processes described above.
The comprehensive set of cybersecurity policies and standards maintained by the cybersecurity team includes a security incident response framework. 
The framework is a set of coordinated procedures and tasks that the InterDigital incident response team executes to ensure timely and accurate reporting and resolution of computer security incidents.  
The framework details who, how and when appropriate persons or committees, including 
the CIO, cybersecurity steering committee, and Audit Committee are kept informed on the status of potential cybersecurity incidents. The CIO also presents a summary of recent incidents at each regular Audit Committee meeting.
Notwithstanding the extensive approach we take to cybersecurity, we may not be successful in preventing or mitigating a cybersecurity incident that could have a material adverse effect on us. However, to date, 
cybersecurity threats have not materially affected us
, including our business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition. We identify nation state-sponsored threat actors and the rise in sophistication and proliferation of criminal cyber threat actors and ransomware campaigns as top reasonable material risks to the business. The theft, unauthorized use or publication of our intellectual property and/or confidential business or personal information (whether through a breach of our own systems or the breach of a system of a third party that provides services to us) could harm our competitive or negotiating positions, reduce the value of our investment in research and development and other strategic initiatives, compromise our patent enforcement strategies or outlook, damage our reputation or otherwise adversely affect our business.
 See Item 1A. “Risk Factors” for a discussion of cybersecurity risks.
25
Table of Contents