Item 1.

BUSINESS.
Overview
InterDigital, Inc. ("InterDigital") is a global research and development company focused primarily on wireless, video, artificial intelligence ("AI"), and related technologies. We design and develop foundational technologies that enable connected, immersive experiences in a broad range of communications and entertainment products and services. We license our innovations worldwide to companies providing such products and services, including makers of wireless communications devices, consumer electronics, internet of things ("IoT") devices, cars and other motor vehicles and providers of cloud-based services such as video streaming. As a leader in wireless technology, our engineers have designed and developed a wide range of innovations that are used in wireless products and networks, from the earliest digital cellular systems to 5G and today's most advanced Wi-Fi technologies. We are also a leader in video processing and video encoding/decoding technology used in video-enabled products and services. Our AI research effort is focused on the intersection of AI with both wireless and video technologies. 
InterDigital is one of the largest pure research and development and licensing companies in the world, with one of the most significant patent portfolios of fundamental wireless and video technologies. As of December 31, 2024, InterDigital's wholly owned subsidiaries held a portfolio of more than 33,000 patents and patent applications related to wireless communications, video coding, display technology, and other areas relevant to communications and entertainment products and services.  Our portfolio includes numerous patents and patent applications that we believe are or may be essential to existing standards, or may become essential to future standards, established by many Standards Development Organizations ("SDOs"). We have contributed technology to wireless standards including the 3G, 4G, and 5G cellular standards and the IEEE 802 suite of standards. We have contributed technology to video standards including standards established by ISO/IEC Moving Picture Expert Group (MPEG), the ITU-T Video Coding Expert Group (VCEG), the Joint Collaborative Team on Video Coding (JCT-VC) and the Joint Video Expert Team (JVET), among others.
Our wireless portfolio has largely been built through internal investment in a world-class research team, supplemented by joint development projects with other companies, and select acquisitions of patents and companies. Our video technology portfolio combines patents and applications that InterDigital obtained through the acquisitions of the research and innovation unit and patent licensing business of visual technology industry leader Technicolor SA and patents and applications created by internal development. Our patented inventions have been implemented in a wide variety of products, including smartphones, tablets, base stations, televisions, laptops, gaming consoles, set-top boxes, streaming devices, connected automobiles, and other consumer electronics and IoT products. Our patented inventions have also been implemented in a wide variety of services, such as video streaming, user generated content sharing, video conferencing, video gaming, and other cloud-based services.
InterDigital derives revenues primarily from licensing our patented innovations. In 2024 and 2023, our total revenues were $868.5 million and $549.6 million, respectively. Additional information about our revenues, profits, and assets, as well as additional financial data, is provided in the Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying Notes in Part II, Item 8, of this Form 10-K.
Our Strategy
Our strategy is to continue to be a leading innovator, designer and developer of fundamental, horizontal technologies and to receive fair compensation for this research by licensing our technology to the companies that benefit from including our patented innovations in their products and services.
To execute our strategy, we intend to:
•
Continue to invest in advanced research to grow and enhance our patent portfolio.

We intend to grow and enhance our worldwide patent portfolio in advanced wireless technology, video coding, AI, and other related technology areas by growing our investment in our industry-leading research and development organization, actively participating in SDOs and other industry consortia, and partnering with leading inventors and industry players to source and develop new technologies. We intend to protect our investment in this innovation by seeking patent coverage in countries around the world for the technologies we develop. 
•
Maintain a collaborative relationship with key industry players and worldwide standards bodies. 
We intend to continue contributing to the ongoing process of defining wireless, video and other standards and other industry-wide efforts and incorporating our inventions into those technology areas. Those efforts, and the knowledge gained through them, provide direction for internal development efforts and help guide technology and intellectual property sourcing through partners and other external sources.
4
Table of Contents
•
Grow our patent-based revenue.
 We intend to grow our licensing revenue base by adding licensees in the existing product markets that we serve, expanding our licensing activities into video streaming and other cloud-based services and expanding into new product markets. These licensing efforts may be direct or executed in conjunction with licensing partnerships and other efforts, and may require the enforcement and defense of our intellectual property through litigation and other means.
•
Pursue

strategic research partnerships with other technology companies.
 We have in the past and we expect to continue to pursue partnerships to jointly develop technology with other companies in our industries. In addition, as part of our ongoing research and development efforts, InterDigital may develop proprietary solutions that may be most valuable when incorporated into commercial products or services offered by others. As an example, we believe that our advanced capabilities in visual technologies will continue to result in developing solutions that can be implemented in adjacent industries, such as content production, gaming, and other areas. We will seek to bring such technologies, as well as other technologies we may develop or acquire, to market through various methods including technology licensing, joint ventures and partnerships.
•
Attract and retain top talent in wireless, video and AI research, patent portfolio creation, and licensing. 
Our business success is dependent on our ability to attract, grow, and retain top talent, such as specialized engineering and other technical talent. 
Technology Research and Development
InterDigital R&I

InterDigital operates a diversified research and development operation, InterDigital Research & Innovation ("InterDigital R&I").
As an early and ongoing participant in the digital wireless market, InterDigital has developed pioneering solutions for the cellular and Wi-Fi technologies that enable wireless transmission of voice, data and multimedia content in use today. That early involvement and our continued development of advanced digital wireless technologies have enabled us to create our significant worldwide portfolio of patents. InterDigital is also a leader in key video technologies, including 2D video coding and emerging technologies such as immersive video and AI-based video coding. Our current research efforts are focused on a variety of areas related to future technology and devices, including cellular wireless and WiFi technologies, advanced video coding and transmission, and AI. The InterDigital R&I team’s technical expertise is recognized by the worldwide wireless and video standards bodies where our delegates hold key leadership positions.
Our capabilities in the development of advanced technologies are based on the efforts of a highly specialized engineering team, leveraging leading-edge equipment and software platforms. In 2024 and 2023, our research and portfolio development costs were $196.9 million and $195.3 million, respectively, and the largest portion of this expense has been personnel costs.
Wireless Technology
We have a long history of developing cellular technologies, including those related to CDMA and TDMA and OFDM/OFDMA and MIMO.  Many of our inventions are being used in all 2G, 3G, 4G and 5G wireless networks and mobile terminal devices.  We continue to be engaged in development efforts to build and enhance our 3GPP (as defined herein) technology portfolio in the current and future generations including 5G, 5G Advanced and 6G. The horizontal technologies we develop are essential to support a variety of use cases across several vertical market segments that use connected devices such as mobile phones, automobiles and autonomous vehicles, wearables, smart factories and smart homes, robots, drones and many other connected consumer electronic products including tablets and PCs. We are developing evolutionary and revolutionary solutions that enable connectivity in both licensed and unlicensed spectrum, terrestrial and non-terrestrial networks to provide ubiquitous coverage, across a large range of frequencies up to the terahertz (THz) wave bands.
Segments outside of 3GPP primarily fall within the scope of the IEEE 802 for WiFi devices and IETF standards for Internet protocols. Our IEEE 802 standards-based inventions are used in devices that are certified for WiFi 4/5/6/7 and provide improvements in spectral efficiency, higher throughput, reduced latency, energy efficiency and many other features. We continue to participate and develop new technologies towards WiFi 8 through our leadership positions in IEEE 802 and WiFi Alliance. 
5
Table of Contents
Advanced Video Coding and Transmission Technology
An important and growing segment of wireless traffic is devoted to video streaming. We have a rich history in developing advanced technologies that address the challenges of video products and services. Specifically, in the area of video research, we have a long history of research and innovation in technologies that provide the basis for nearly all of the modern video codecs. We have been actively engaged in video standards development work in the ISO/IEC Moving Picture Expert Group (MPEG), the ITU-T Video Coding Expert Group (VCEG), the Joint Collaborative Team on Video Coding (JCT-VC) and the Joint Video Expert Team (JVET).  Those efforts have focused on H264/Advanced Video Coding, H.265/High Efficiency Video Coding ("HEVC") versions 1 to 4, as well as development of the H.266/VCC and the MPEG Immersive (MPEG-I) standards suite. InterDigital R&I is now conducting research in groundbreaking technologies preparing for the next generation of video codecs beyond VVC, investigating new media coding such as point cloud compression, haptics or avatars using both traditional and AI-based techniques. Even codecs, such as AV1/VP9, developed by non-standard groups, use fundamental techniques we have been instrumental in developing.
Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning (AI/ML)
InterDigital is using AI to drive both wireless and video standards towards the future, leveraging AI as a valuable tool to drive efficiency and new capabilities in wireless networks and in video compression and delivery systems. We are researching a variety of aspects of AI that can be applied to complex problems in video and wireless technologies. Those areas of research include: energy-efficient deep learning aimed at reducing the energy-intensive rollout of AI; design of novel video codecs based on deep learning techniques and optimized for different use cases (e.g., for machine consumption); and the integration of AI into current and next generation 3GPP wireless systems.
Patent Portfolio
As of December 31, 2024, our patent portfolio consisted of more than 33,000 patents and patent applications worldwide. The patents and applications comprising our portfolio relate predominantly to cellular wireless standards, including 3G, 4G and 5G technologies, other wireless standards, including 802.11 (Wi-Fi) technology, and a variety of video technologies and standards, such as HEVC and VVC. Our issued patents expire at differing times ranging from 2025 through 2044. We generally receive newly-issued patents on a weekly basis, which further extend the coverage of newly developed technologies and expiration dates of our patents.
Our Revenue Sources
Device-based Licensing Revenue
Companies making, importing, using or selling products compliant with the standards covered by our patent portfolio, including all manufacturers of smartphones, tablets and other devices, and many consumer electronics products, such as televisions, personal computers and other devices, require a license under our patents.  We have successfully entered into patent license agreements with many of the leading mobile communications and consumer electronics companies globally, including Amazon Technologies, Inc. ("Amazon"), Apple Inc. ("Apple"), Lenovo Group Limited ("Lenovo"), Google LLC ("Google"), LG Electronics, Inc. ("LG"), Guangdong OPPO Mobile Telecommunications Corp., Ltd. ("OPPO"), Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. ("Samsung"), Sony Corporation of America ("Sony"), and Xiaomi Corporation ("Xiaomi"), among others. 
Service-based Licensing Revenue Opportunities
We also believe that companies providing video streaming and certain other cloud services require a license under our patents, and we will seek to license our relevant assets to such companies. We launched our Video Services licensing program with an initial focus on the subscription-based video on demand (“SVOD”) and advertisement-based video on demand (“AVOD”) markets. Companies participating in these markets make, import, use or sell services making use of a number of video codecs and other technologies covered by our patent portfolio.
Overview of Patent Licenses
The majority of our revenue is generated from fixed-fee patent license agreements, with a smaller portion coming from variable royalty agreements. Upon entering into a new patent license agreement, consideration should be paid for sales made prior to the period in which the agreement was executed, to the extent those past sales were previously unlicensed (i.e., catch-up revenues), in addition to royalties or license fees on licensed products sold during the term of the agreement.  We expect that, for the most part, new license agreements will follow this model. Almost all of our patent license agreements provide for the payment of royalties based on sales of licensed products designed to operate in accordance with particular standards (convenience-based licenses), as opposed to the payment of royalties if the manufacture, sale or use of the licensed product infringes one of our patents (infringement-based licenses).
6
Table of Contents
Our variable royalty license agreements typically contain provisions that give us the right to audit our licensees' books and records to ensure compliance with the licensees' reporting and payment obligations under those agreements.  From time to time, these audits reveal underreporting or underpayments under the applicable agreements.  In such cases, we seek payment for the amount owed and enter into negotiations with the licensee to resolve the discrepancy.
For a discussion of our revenue recognition policies with respect to patent license agreements, see “Item 7.  
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Overview - Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates - Revenue Recognition - Patent License Agreements
.”
Licensing Through Platforms

As part of the Technicolor Patent Acquisition, we assumed Technicolor's rights and obligations under a joint licensing program with Sony relating to digital televisions ("DTVs") and standalone computer display monitors ("CDMs") (such program, the "Madison Arrangement"), including Technicolor's role as exclusive licensing agent.  Under the Madison Arrangement, Technicolor and Sony combined portions of their respective DTV and CDM patent portfolios and created a combined licensing opportunity for DTV and CDM manufacturers.  As licensing agent for the Madison Arrangement, we are responsible for making decisions regarding the prosecution and maintenance of the combined patent portfolio and the licensing and enforcement of the combined patent portfolio in the field of use of DTVs and CDMs. Refer to Note 10, "
Obligations
," within the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for further information about the Madison Arrangement.
In 2016, InterDigital joined Avanci, the industry’s first marketplace for the licensing of cellular standards-essential technology for the IoT.  The licensing platform brings together many of InterDigital’s peers in standards-essential technology leadership, and makes 2G, 3G, 4G, and 5G standards-essential patents available to IoT players in specific product segments with one flat-rate license.  The Avanci licensing programs in specific product segments for the IoT industry will provide access to the entire applicable standards-essential cellular patent portfolios held by all of the platform participants, as well as any additions to their portfolios during the term of the license.  Since December 2017, Avanci has primarily focused on the automotive market, and has signed patent license agreements with BMW Group, Audi, Porsche, Volkswagen, and Volvo Cars, among others, collectively representing over 80% of annual connected car shipments. Through Avanci, InterDigital’s cellular standard essential patents are also made available to certain other product verticals in the IoT area, such as smart meters and vehicle aftermarket products.
Overview of Smartphone, Consumer Electronics, IoT, and Video Services Industries 
The primary markets for our wireless and video technologies are the smartphone, consumer electronics, IoT/Automotive, and video services markets. The smartphone market, with an estimated 1.2 billion units shipped worldwide in 2024, is driven by several large, global brands.  The market rebounded in 2024 after several stagnant years due to the continued global uptake of 5G smartphones as well as the migration from feature phones to smartphones in emerging regions. Continued growth beyond 2024 is anticipated due in part to the introduction of new technologies and form factors.
In addition to smartphones there is a large universe of other consumer electronic devices and ecosystems, with a mix of mature and emerging, as well as consolidated and fragmented, device segments. After smartphones, televisions represent one of the largest markets with more than 200 million units shipped globally. Other key consumer electronics device categories include tablets and personal computers, set-top-boxes and streaming media players, gaming consoles, wearables and smart home products. 
IoT/Automotive is an important and relatively new market that is expected to result in a significant increase in the number of connected devices worldwide and unlock new business capabilities. Total global cellular IoT device shipments are expected to grow from approximately 450 million in 2024 to approximately 700 million by 2028.  Automobiles represent a significant opportunity within the IoT market, with approximately 60 million connected vehicles shipped in 2024, which is expected to grow significantly in the future. 
Video Services, a rapidly growing market, encompass a wide range of consumer video entertainment platforms, including SVOD, AVOD, Virtual Multichannel Video Programming Distributor ("vMVPD"), Free Ad-Supported Streaming TV ("FAST"), and social media platforms. Collectively, the Video Services market is expected to grow from approximately $370 billion of annual revenue in 2024 to approximately $500 billion of annual revenue by 2027.
7
Table of Contents
Overview of Standardization
To achieve economies of scale and support interoperability among different participants, many wireless and consumer electronics products have been designed to operate in accordance with certain industry standards and common technical specifications.  Wireless industry standards, for example, are formal requirements and guidelines for engineers, designers, manufacturers and service providers that regulate and define the use of the radio frequency spectrum in conjunction with providing detailed specifications for wireless communications products. The consumer electronics industry also implements many of the same standards, including standards related to Wi-Fi and increasingly, cellular technologies, as well as a broad range of video coding standards and technical specifications that enable the efficient rendering of video content. Technology related to these video coding standards also enable the media content and video streaming industries. New standards and specifications are typically adopted with each new generation of products and services, are often compatible with previous generations and are defined to ensure equipment interoperability and regulatory compliance.
SDOs, which facilitate and govern the development of standards, typically ask participating companies to declare formally whether they believe they hold patents or patent applications essential or potentially essential to a particular standard and whether they are willing to license those patents on either a royalty-bearing basis on fair, reasonable and nondiscriminatory terms or on a royalty-free basis.  To manufacture, have made, sell, offer to sell or use such products on a non-infringing basis, a manufacturer or other entity doing so needs to obtain a license from the holder of essential patent rights.  The SDOs neither have enforcement authority against entities that fail to obtain required licenses, nor do they have the ability to protect the intellectual property rights of holders of essential patents.
InterDigital often publicly characterizes aspects of its business, including license agreements and development projects, as pertaining to industry standardized technologies such as, for example, 3G, 4G, 5G, Wi-Fi, HEVC, and VVC.  In doing this, we generally rely on the positions of the applicable SDOs in defining the relevant standards.  However, the definitions may evolve or change over time, including after we have characterized certain transactions.
Business Activities
2024 Patent Licensing Activity
During 2024, we entered into fourteen patent license agreements as discussed below. 
Direct Licenses
In January 2024, we signed a patent license agreement with Samsung Electronics (the "Samsung TV agreement"). The agreement licenses Samsung’s digital TVs and computer display monitors under InterDigital's joint licensing program with Sony and includes licenses to key technologies including ATSC 3.0, as well as licenses under InterDigital’s patents including HEVC, VVC and Wi-Fi.
In June 2024, we signed a new device license agreement with Google. The agreement licenses a range of devices including Pixel smartphones, Fitbit wearables, and other consumer electronics devices to InterDigital’s cellular wireless, Wi-Fi, and HEVC video patented technologies.
In October 2024, we entered into a patent license agreement with OPPO. The agreement covers OPPO, realme and OnePlus branded mobile devices worldwide. As part of the agreement, both parties agreed to dismiss all pending litigations between us. 
In October 2024, we entered into an arbitration agreement with Lenovo to determine the terms of a new patent license. As part of the agreement to arbitrate, both parties agreed to dismiss all pending litigations between us. 
Additionally, we entered into licenses covering our technologies with Arcelik, Blu, Ericsson, Kyocera, Panasonic, Teltronic, TPV, and ZTE.
Customers Generating Revenues Exceeding 10% of Total 2024 Revenues
A small number of customers histo
rically have accounted for a significant portion of our consolidated revenues. In fiscal 2024, revenues (in descending order) from Samsung, Lenovo, Apple, and OPPO each comprised 10% or more of our consolidated revenues. Additional information regarding revenue concentrations is provided in this Annual Report in Note 4, "
Segment and Concentration Information
" in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, of this Form 10-K.
8
Table of Contents
In 2022, we agreed to renew our patent license agreement with Samsung and enter into binding arbitration to determine the final terms of the license, including the amount payable by Samsung under the new agreement. In 2023, we began recognizing revenue for Samsung at a conservative level consistent with the revenue we recognized from our patent license agreement that expired on December 31, 2022. We believe that it is likely the arbitration award will exceed the conservative estimate and require a true-up at the time of the award. The two-week arbitration hearing was held in July 2024, and we expect a decision in early 2025. Additionally, we recognized revenue from the Samsung TV agreement signed in 2024 as noted above in 
2024 Patent Licensing Activity.
As discussed above in 
2024 Patent Licensing Activity
, in 2024 we entered into an arbitration agreement with Lenovo to determine the terms of a new patent license. We began recognizing revenue at a conservative level, consistent with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States ("GAAP"). Additionally, in 2024 we recognized revenues from the multi-year, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty bearing license with Lenovo covering InterDigital’s HEVC patents that was signed in 2023.
In 2022, we renewed a multi-year, royalty-bearing, worldwide, and non-exclusive patent license agreement with Apple (the “Apple PLA”). The agreement sets forth terms covering Apple's business, including its sale of 3G, 4G, and 5G cellular and wireless-enabled products. The term of the Apple PLA extends through September 30, 2029.
In 2024, we entered into the above-noted patent license agreement with OPPO. The term of the OPPO patent license agreement extends through December 31, 2027, and we began recognizing revenue from this agreement in fourth quarter 2024.
Patent Infringement and Declaratory Judgment Proceedings
From time to time, if we believe a party is required to license our patents in order to manufacture, use and/or sell certain products and such party refuses to do so, we may agree with such party to have royalties or other terms set by third party adjudicators (such as arbitrators) or, in certain circumstances, we may institute legal action against them.  Enforcing our intellectual property through legal action is an important alternative to bilateral negotiations with respect to licensees who engage in the pernicious practice of "holdout".  In recent years, courts in various jurisdictions have addressed “holdout” behavior, recognizing that fair, reasonable and non-discriminatory ("FRAND") obligations are bilateral and failure of implementers to act in a FRAND manner can result in certain penalties. We welcome this development as it incentivizes potential licensees to negotiate in a timely and reasonable fashion as well as providing a necessary balance to FRAND negotiations.
Enforcement of our patent portfolio has typically taken the form of a patent infringement lawsuit or an administrative proceeding, such as a Section 337 proceeding before the U.S. International Trade Commission ("USITC" or the "Commission").  In a patent infringement lawsuit, we would typically seek damages for past infringement, an injunction against future infringement, declaratory judgment and/or other relief.  In a USITC proceeding, we would seek an exclusion order to bar infringing goods from entry into the United States, as well as a cease and desist order to bar further sales of infringing goods that have already been imported into the United States.  Parties may bring administrative and/or judicial challenges to the validity, enforceability, essentiality and/or applicability of our patents to their products or seek to petition a court to establish a rate and/or terms for a license to our patents.  Parties may also allege that our efforts to enter into a license with that party do not comply with any obligations we may have in connection with our participation in standards-setting organizations, and therefore that we are not entitled to the relief that we seek.  For example, a party may allege that we have not complied with an obligation to offer (or be prepared to offer) a license to that party for patents that are or may become standards-essential patents ("SEPs") on FRAND terms and conditions, and may also file antitrust claims or regulatory complaints on that or other bases, and may seek damages or other relief based on such claims.  In addition, a party might file a declaratory judgment action to seek a court's declaration that our patents are invalid, unenforceable, not infringed by the other party's products or are not SEPs.  Our response to such a declaratory judgment action may include claims of infringement.  When we include claims of infringement in a patent infringement lawsuit, a favorable ruling for the Company can result in the payment of monetary damages for past manufacture, use and/or sale of the patented invention, the setting of terms and conditions for a license, issuance by the court of an injunction enjoining the infringer from manufacturing, using and/or selling infringing products and/or a declaration of FRAND compliance.
9
Table of Contents
Contractual Arbitration Proceedings
We and our licensees, in the normal course of business, may have disagreements as to the rights and obligations of the parties under applicable agreements.  For example, we could have a disagreement with a licensee as to the amount of reported sales and royalties.  Our patent license agreements typically provide for private confidential arbitration as the mechanism for resolving disputes with our licensees.  In arbitration, licensees may seek to assert various claims, defenses, or counterclaims, such as claims based on waiver, promissory estoppel, breach of contract, fraudulent inducement to contract, antitrust, and unfair competition.  Arbitration proceedings can be resolved through an award rendered by the arbitrators or by settlement between the parties.  Parties to arbitration might have the right to have the award reviewed in a court of competent jurisdiction; however, based on public policy favoring the use of arbitration, it is generally difficult to have arbitration awards vacated or modified.  The party securing an arbitration award may seek to have that award confirmed as a judgment through an enforcement proceeding.  The purpose of such a proceeding is to secure a judgment that can be used for, if need be, seizing assets of the other party.
In addition, arbitration may be a particularly effective means for resolving disputes with prospective licensees concerning the appropriate FRAND terms and conditions for license agreements that include SEPs, particularly where negotiations have otherwise reached an impasse. Binding arbitration to resolve the terms and conditions of a worldwide FRAND license to our patent portfolio is an efficient and cost-effective mechanism, as it allows the parties to avoid piecemeal litigation in multiple jurisdictions and ensures that an enforceable patent license agreement that is consistent with FRAND commitments will be in place at the end of the arbitration process.  
Competition
With respect to our technology development activities and resulting commercialization efforts, we face competition from companies, including in-house development teams at other wireless and video technology companies, consumer electronics device companies, semiconductor companies, wireless operators, video streaming and cloud service companies, and other technology providers, developing other and similar technologies that are competitive with our technologies that we may market or set forth into the standards-setting arena.
Due to the exclusionary nature of patent rights, we do not compete, in a traditional sense, with other patent holders for patent licensing relationships or sale transactions.  Other patent holders do not have the same rights to the inventions and technologies encompassed by our patent portfolio.  In any device, piece of equipment, or service that contains intellectual property, the manufacturer or implementer may need to obtain licenses from multiple holders of intellectual property.  In licensing our patent portfolio, we compete with other patent holders for a share of the royalties that certain licensees may argue to be the total royalty that is supported by certain products or services, which they may argue face practical limitations.  We believe that licenses under a number of our patents are required to manufacture and sell wireless products, as well as other consumer electronics devices, and to implement certain technology services.  However, numerous companies also claim that they hold patents that are or may be essential or may become essential to standards-based technology deployed on wireless products, other consumer electronics devices and services.  To the extent that multiple parties all seek royalties on the same product or service, the manufacturers could claim to have difficulty in meeting the financial requirements of each patent holder. In the past, certain manufacturers have sought antitrust exemptions to act collectively on a voluntary basis.  In addition, certain manufacturers have sought to limit aggregate licensing fees or rates for SEPs.
Sustainability
We believe our innovation provides the framework for a future increasingly shaped by the profound convergence of wireless, video, and AI technologies. As these technologies become more ubiquitous and deliver immense benefits across the global ecosystem, we believe it is important that the future we are enabling continues to be anchored by a core set of values, ethics, and principles. Our heritage of innovation has produced technologies that fundamentally improve efficiency and power consumption across billions of devices, network infrastructure, and delivered services. Our sustainability principles continue this legacy and shape our pursuit of a more sustainable, representative, diverse, and equitable world.
Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee has primary oversight over environmental, social and other sustainability matters, which it exercises in conjunction with the committees of the Board. In addition, our Chief Financial Officer oversees a committee of senior executives that steers the process of setting purpose, strategies, policies and goals related to economic, environmental and social topics. We are committed to sustainable business principles, to thinking long-term, and to making strategic decisions that adhere to our mission and values. We strive to focus and make progress on initiatives that matter most to our business, our employees, communities, and external stakeholders. Among other things, this means aligning our standards to the United Nations’ Sustainable Development Goals and its underlying principles around the environment, the workforce, anti-corruption, and human rights.
10
Table of Contents
We are committed to driving positive progress towards reducing the environmental footprint that the deployment of 5G, wireless networks, and other video technologies will bring. While our business activities do not entail the same concerns related to manufacturing or raw materials sourcing and disposal, our corporate sustainability strategy addresses the following:
•
investing in best practices to track and reduce our carbon footprint, including environmental considerations, and reporting related to data center needs;
•
investigating and reducing unnecessary energy consumption;
•
continuing to manage our environmental footprint with our office improvements; and
•
supporting our employee community in reducing commuting impact through embracing a hybrid office schedule and offering mobility programs.
 As a pure research business, we consider our carbon impact through our “handprint” and the ways our innovation and contributions to global standards empower energy efficiencies and sustainable outcomes. Our research not only offers significant advances in the operational performance of various systems, but also reduced environmental impact through efficiency improvements, reduced power consumption, and by altering the way that products are used, serviced, or maintained worldwide.  We were named by LexisNexis as one of the top 100 companies whose innovation is helping progress towards achieving the United Nations’ Sustainable Development Goals.
InterDigital ranks among the industry leaders for highest patent quality for 5G and video codec patents. 5G technology is designed to efficiently use energy throughout its ecosystem and will play a significant role in promoting and attaining sustainability goals. We have published white papers exploring how 5G and the emerging IoT ecosystem might shape sustainability efforts for the ICT industry. While the proliferation of connected devices can drive increases in energy consumption, innovative solutions can mitigate these outcomes to help lower our carbon footprint and engage more sustainably. In fact, one of our reports found that by 2030, IoT deployment and its subsequent disruption of various industries is projected to save more than eight times the energy it consumes – which could help to save up to 230 billion cubic meters of water and eliminate up to one gigaton of CO2 emissions. Additionally, 5G technology has significant potential societal benefits, including promoting productivity-led economic growth, increasing medical diagnostic capabilities, creating more sustainable cities and communities, improving remote education, and reducing inequalities in education and income. We believe that the benefits to be derived from 5G are substantial and will be felt throughout society.
The foregoing discussion includes information regarding sustainability matters that we believe may be of interest to our shareholders generally. We recognize that certain other stakeholders (such as customers, employees and non-governmental organizations), as well as certain of our shareholders, may be interested in more detailed information on these topics. We encourage you to review our most recent Corporate Sustainability Report (located on our website) for more detailed information regarding our Corporate Sustainability governance, goals, priorities, accomplishments and initiatives, as well as the Corporate Governance section of our most recent Proxy Statement, and our Corporate Governance Principles and Practices (located on our website), for additional information regarding governance matters, including Board and Committee leadership, oversight, roles and responsibilities, and Director independence, tenure, refreshment and diversity. Nothing on our website, including the aforementioned reports and documents, or sections thereof, shall be deemed incorporated by reference into this Annual Report.
Human Capital
Overview
We are committed to making InterDigital an exceptional place to work, fostering a workplace where all employees feel valued, respected, included, and challenged. We aim to create an environment that attracts, engages, and retains a talented workforce that drives the company’s growth and long-term sustained success. Our Human Capital Committee is responsible for overseeing our policies and strategies related to culture and human capital. 
As of December 31, 2024, we had approximately 430 employees worldwide, of whom approximately 220 employees based outside of the United States, nearly all of whom were full-time. Our employees in France are represented by works councils and are subject to collective bargaining agreements. None of our employees based in the United States or Canada are unionized or subject to collective bargaining agreements. Management believes that its relationships with our employees and works councils are strong and productive. 
11
Table of Contents
Health, Safety & Well-Being
Over the past few years, as our work and lifestyle have evolved, we’ve been dedicated to developing a flexible work model that supports our employees. This model offers the option to work full-time in the office, fully remotely, or a combination of both, ensuring we meet the diverse needs of our team. We provide holistic benefits and maintain company policies that promote a culture of wellness. We offer a minimum of twelve weeks of paid parental leave globally and have kept employees connected to volunteer opportunities that benefited both their mental health and communities through our ‘Charity Day’ paid time off program.
Compensation & Benefits
Our compensation program is designed to be market competitive, offering base salaries and incentives that reward individual contributions aligned with the Company’s strategy and mission. We provide a total compensation package that is competitive with the markets in which we operate, with individual pay differentiated based on performance, skills and experience. Our total rewards plans include base salary, short- and long-term incentives, healthcare benefits, retirement savings plans, well-being programs, hybrid work arrangements, and both monetary and social recognition across our global locations. In addition to comprehensive health benefits, employees may have access to location-specific perks, such as subsidized fitness programs, commuter benefits, wellness incentives, tuition reimbursement, and professional development opportunities. We routinely review our total rewards programs to ensure they remain competitive, supporting our ability attract and retain the diverse talent necessary for business growth.
Talent and Culture
Research, learning, and growth are fundamental to executing our promise to the world to innovate today to empower tomorrow.  We believe our talent drives our business success and we focus on investing in our talent practices to provide the most benefit to our employees.  Our Talent philosophy focuses on cultivating a culture of high performance, career development, and employee engagement, empowering our workforce its full potential.  Our Talent Acquisition strategy is aligned with this philosophy and supports InterDigital’s cultural values and business objectives. Through targeted talent programs, we are able to attract and retain top talent by offering opportunities for learning and career advancement. We take a proactive approach by regularly evaluating our talent offerings and deploying strategies that promote actionable experiences to attract, develop, and retain top talent. 
Our company values are central to our operations and talent practices. In 2024, we redefined these values based on employee feedback to better align with our evolving culture. These values are now integrated into our learning practices and will be incorporated into future goal setting and performance management practices. 
Our Leadership Development model, available to all employees, provides a comprehensive suite of tools and resources for growth across four key areas; thought leadership, results leadership, people leadership, and self-leadership. Recognizing that all employees are leaders at every level, this model is integrated into our culture and recruitment strategies to align with our competency model. The development of leadership skills is pivotal in fostering our culture of innovation, inclusivity, and collaboration. Leaders have access to a range of structured development and learning experiences, including performance management training, focused on behavior-based competencies and feedback practices. We encourage ongoing dialogue between leaders and employees, promoting ongoing development and empowering employees to leverage create meaningful and actionable development plans that drive personal and company growth. 
InterDigital encourages all employees to participate in internal and external development opportunities, including, training sessions, workshops, and industry conferences. We invest in these opportunities to support employee growth, which in turn, drives organizational success. These experiences enhance employee knowledge and skills while contributing valuable perspectives to our Company. 
We continue to invest in processes to assess and develop talent, including a formalized annual performance evaluation program, critical skills and potential analysis, and succession planning for key and senior roles. All employees undergo an annual performance review and participate in our engagement survey efforts. The performance review process includes bi-annual assessments of individual performance, allowing employees to assess their own achievements and receive feedback on goals and development opportunities. In 2024, we conducted an engagement pulse survey to supplement our broader 2023 survey efforts, providing additional insights into our strengths in fostering an innovative and inclusive culture, and areas for continued improvement to be a winning team.
We believe our workplace culture, values, and competitive compensation and benefits are critical to maintaining low levels of attrition, thereby enabling us to attract and retain top talent. For the year ended December 31, 2024, our voluntary attrition percentage was less than 5%.
12
Table of Contents
Our Inclusive Global Workforce
We participate in the highly competitive process of advancing communication, video, and AI technologies through our engagement with global SDOs. To succeed in the global marketplace, we require a highly educated, skilled, and specialized workforce, and we believe maintaining a diverse and inclusive environment is essential. We are a company of world-class inventors that strive to foster a diverse and stimulating environment where creative, intelligent, and ambitious people can develop and grow. 
Our workforce reflects significant global diversity, with approximately 430 employees representing nearly 60 countries and approximately 71% male employees and 29% female employees. Our goal is to provide an environment where employees are empowered to leverage their unique experiences and backgrounds to drive collaboration and technological innovation, and ultimately allow us to execute on our business plans.
The foregoing discussion includes information regarding Human Capital matters intended to address topics of interest to shareholders generally. We recognize that other stakeholders including customers, employees, organizations, and some shareholders, may seek more detailed insights on these topics. We encourage stakeholders to review the “Human Capital” section of our most recent Corporate Sustainability Report, available on our website, for further details on our Human Capital programs and initiatives, which includes our most recent Consolidated EEO-1 reports detailing our workforce composition. Nothing on our website, including the Consolidated EEO-1 reports and our Corporate Sustainability Report, or any sections thereof, shall be deemed incorporated by reference into this Annual Report.
Geographic Concentrations
See Note 4, "
Segment and Concentration Information
," in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, of this Form 10-K for financial information about geographic areas for the last three years.
Corporate Information
The ultimate predecessor company of InterDigital, Inc. was incorporated in 1972 under the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and conducted its initial public offering in November 1981.  Our headquarters are located in Wilmington, Delaware.  Our research and development activities are conducted primarily in facilities located in Conshohocken, Pennsylvania; New York, New York; Los Altos, California; Montreal, Canada; London, United Kingdom; and Rennes, France.  We are also a party to leases for several smaller research and/or office spaces, including in Melville, New York; Indianapolis, Indiana; Brussels, Belgium; Espoo, Finland; Paris, France, and Beijing, China. In addition, we own an administrative office space in Washington, District of Columbia.
Our Internet address is 
www.interdigital.com
,
 where, in the "Investors" section
,
 we make available, free of charge, our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, certain other reports and filings required to be filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), and all amendments to those reports or filings as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with or furnished to the United States Securities and Exchange Commission at www.sec.gov.  The information contained on or connected to our website or any other website referenced herein is not incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K.