ITEM 3.
LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
57
ITEM 4.
MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES
58
PART II
ITEM 5.
MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
59
ITEM 6.
[RESERVED]
61
ITEM 7.
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
62
ITEM 7A.
QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
86
ITEM 8.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
88
ITEM 9.
CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE
145
ITEM 9A.
CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
145
ITEM 9B.
OTHER INFORMATION
145
ITEM 9C.
DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS
145
PART III
ITEM 10.
DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
146
ITEM 11.
EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
146
ITEM 12.
SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS
146
ITEM 13.
CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE
146
ITEM 14.
PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES
146
PART IV
ITEM 15.
EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES
146
ITEM 16.
FORM 10-K SUMMARY
149
Industry and Market Data
In this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we rely on and refer to information and statistics regarding the commercial real estate services industry. We obtained this data from independent publications or other publicly available information. Independent publications generally indicate that the information contained therein was obtained from sources believed to be reliable, but do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of such information. Although we believe these sources are reliable, we have not independently verified this information, and we cannot guarantee the accuracy and completeness of this information.
GLOSSARY OF TERMS, ABBREVIATIONS AND ACRONYMS
The following terms, abbreviations and acronyms are used to identify frequently used terms and phrases that may be used in this report:
TERM
DEFINITION
2023 Gosin Employment Agreement
The Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between Barry Gosin and Newmark OpCo and Newmark Holdings entered into on February 10, 2023
2024 Gosin Employment Agreement
The Second Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between Barry Gosin and Newmark OpCo and Newmark Holdings entered into on August 7, 2024
2025 Proxy Statement
Proxy statement for the Company’s 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
6.125% Senior Notes
The Company’s 6.125% Senior Notes which were issued on November 6, 2018, in an original principal amount of $550.0 million and matured on November 15, 2023 
7.500% Senior Notes
The Company’s 7.500% Senior Notes due on January 12, 2029, issued on January 12, 2024, in an original principal amount of $600.0 million
AI
Artificial intelligence, including machine learning and generative artificial intelligence
Audit Committee
Audit Committee of the Board
Berkeley Point
Berkeley Point Financial LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company acquired on September 8, 2017, which does business as part of the Newmark multifamily capital markets business
BGC 
(i) Following the closing of the Corporate Conversion, BGC Group and, where applicable, its consolidated subsidiaries and (ii) prior to the closing of the Corporate Conversion, BGC Partners and, where applicable, its consolidated subsidiaries
BGC Class A common stock
BGC Class A common stock, par value $0.01 per share
BGC Class B common stock
BGC Class B common stock, par value $0.01 per share
BGC common stock
BGC Class A common stock and BGC Class B common stock, collectively
BGC Entity Group
BGC Partners, BGC Holdings, BGC U.S. OpCo and their respective subsidiaries (other than, prior to the Spin-Off, the Newmark Entity Group), collectively, and in each case as such entities existed prior to the Corporate Conversion
BGC Group
BGC Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: BGC) and, where applicable, its consolidated subsidiaries
BGC Holdings
BGC Holdings, L.P., an entity which, prior to the Corporate Conversion, was owned by Cantor, Founding Partners, BGC employee partners and, after the Separation, Newmark employee partners
BGC Holdings Distribution
Pro rata distribution, pursuant to the Separation and Distribution Agreement, by BGC Holdings to its partners of all of the exchangeable limited partnership interests in Newmark Holdings owned by BGC Holdings immediately prior to the distribution
BGC Partners
BGC Partners, Inc., which acquired us on October 14, 2011, facilitated the Newmark IPO on December 14, 2017 and completed the Spin-Off that led to us becoming a separate publicly traded company on November 30, 2018, and, where applicable, its consolidated subsidiaries. On July 1, 2023, BGC Partners, Inc. completed its Corporate Conversion and became a wholly owned subsidiary of its public holding company successor, BGC Group, Inc.
BGC U.S. OpCo
Prior to the Separation, BGC Partners, L.P., an operating partnership which held the U.S. businesses of BGC, including Newmark Entity Group, and which is owned jointly, following the closing of the Corporate Conversion, by BGC Partners and the successor to BGC Holdings 
BH2
Newmark BH2 LLP, a London-based real estate advisory firm
Board or Board of Directors
Board of Directors of the Company
Bylaws
Amended and Restated Bylaws of Newmark Group, Inc. 
1
CAGR
Compound annual growth rate
Cantor
Cantor Fitzgerald, L.P. and, where applicable, its consolidated subsidiaries
Cantor Credit Agreement
Unsecured credit agreement entered into with Cantor on November 30, 2018, as amended by the First Cantor Credit Agreement Amendment on December 20, 2023
Cantor Entity Group
Cantor and its consolidated subsidiaries (other than any member of the BGC Entity Group or the Newmark Entity Group), Howard W. Lutnick and/or any of his immediate family members as so designated by Howard W. Lutnick and any trusts or other entities controlled by Howard W. Lutnick 
Cantor Units
Limited partnership interests of Newmark Holdings or, prior to the Corporate Conversion, Newmark Holdings or BGC Holdings, held by the Cantor Entity Group, which Newmark Holdings units are exchangeable into shares of Newmark Class A common stock or Newmark Class B common stock and which BGC Holdings units were exchangeable into shares of BGC Class A common stock or BGC Class B common stock, as applicable
CARES Act
The Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act
CCRE
Cantor Commercial Real Estate Company, L.P.
CCRE Lending
Cantor Commercial Real Estate Lending, L.P., a wholly owned subsidiary of Real Estate LP
CECL
Current Expected Credit Losses
Certificate of Incorporation
Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Newmark 
CF Secured
CF Secured, LLC
CF&Co
Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., a wholly owned broker-dealer subsidiary of Cantor
CFE
Cantor Fitzgerald Europe 
CFGM
CF Group Management, Inc., the managing general partner of Cantor 
CFS11
CFS11 Holdings, LLC, a subsidiary of Cantor
CIO
Chief Information Officer
CISO
Chief Information Security Officer
Class A properties
Most prestigious buildings competing for premier office users with rents above average for the area.  Buildings have high quality standard finishes, state of the art systems, exceptional accessibility and a definite market presence
Class B properties
Buildings competing for a wide range of users with rents in the average range for the area. Building finishes are fair to good for the area and systems are adequate, but the building cannot compete with Class A at the same price
Class C properties
Buildings competing for tenants requiring functional space at rents below the area average
Commission-based revenues
Includes Leasing and Other Commissions, 
Fees from Commercial Mortgage Origination, net
, 
Investment Sales
, and Valuation & Advisory. So named because revenue-generating professionals in these businesses earn a substantial portion or all of their compensation based on their production
Company
Newmark Group, Inc. and, where applicable, its consolidated subsidiaries
Company debt securities
The 6.125% Senior Notes, 7.500% Senior Notes, and any future debt securities issued by the Company
Compensation Committee
Compensation Committee of the Board
Contractual revenues, contractual services or contractual business
Includes business for which the Company has a contract with a client that is generally for a year or longer. Contractual business, when quantified, includes all revenues related to landlord (or agency) representation leasing, loan servicing (including escrow interest income), outsourcing (including property management, facilities management, and asset management), and lease administration. It also includes certain fees under contract produced by the Company’s flexible workspace and tenant representation service lines
2
Contribution Ratio
Ratio of shares of Newmark Common Stock that were outstanding compared to the shares of BGC common stock outstanding as of immediately prior to the Newmark IPO (not including any shares of our common stock sold in the Newmark IPO); this ratio was set initially at a fraction equal to one divided by 2.2
Corporate Conversion
A series of mergers and related transactions pursuant to which, effective at 12:02 AM Eastern Time on July 1, 2023, BGC Partners and BGC Holdings became wholly owned subsidiaries of BGC Group, transforming the organizational structure of the BGC businesses from an “Up-C” structure to a simplified “Full C-Corporation” structure
CoStar
CoStar Group Inc.
Credit Agreement
The Company’s unsecured senior revolving credit agreement with Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, and a syndicate of lenders, most recently amended and restated on April 26, 2024
Credit Facility
The credit facility pursuant to the Credit Agreement, as amended and restated, with a current maximum revolving loan balance of $600.0 million, which the Company has the right to increase up to $800.0 million subject to certain conditions being met, and a maturity date of April 26, 2027, bearing interest at either SOFR or a defined base rate plus additional margin
Delayed Draw Term Loan
The previously outstanding credit facility pursuant to the Delayed Draw Term Loan Credit Agreement, with an aggregate principal amount of $420.0 million (which could have been increased, subject to certain terms and conditions, to up to $550.0 million) and a maturity date of November 14, 2026, which bore interest at SOFR or a defined base rate plus additional margin
Delayed Draw Term Loan Credit Agreement  
The Company’s credit agreement with Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, and a syndicate of lenders, dated as of August 10, 2023
Deskeo
Space Management (d/b/a “Deskeo”)
DGCL
Delaware General Corporation Law
Employees
Includes both employees and those real estate brokers who qualify as statutory non-employees under Internal Revenue Code Section 3508
EPS
Earnings Per Share
Equity Plan
Amended and Restated Newmark Group, Inc. Long Term Incentive Plan
ESG
Environmental, social and governance, including sustainability or similar items
EU
European Union
Exchange Act
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
Exchange Agreement
Exchange agreement which provides (i) BGC Partners, (ii) Cantor, (iii) any entity controlled by either of them or by Howard W. Lutnick, and (iv) Howard W. Lutnick, his spouse, his estate, any of his descendants, any of his relatives, or any trust established for his benefit or for the benefit of his spouse, any of his descendants or any of his relatives, the right to exchange shares of Newmark Class A common stock into Newmark Class B common stock on a one-to-one basis up to the number then authorized but unissued
Exchange Ratio
The ratio by which a Newmark Holdings limited partnership interest can be exchanged for a number of shares of Newmark Class A common stock
FASB
Financial Accounting Standards Board
Fannie Mae
The Federal National Mortgage Association
Fannie Mae DUS
The Fannie Mae Delegated Underwriting and Servicing Program
First Cantor Credit Agreement Amendment
First Amendment to the Cantor Credit Agreement entered into on December 20, 2023
FHA
The Federal Housing Administration
FHFA
The Federal Housing Finance Agency
FOMC
Federal Open Market Committee
3
Forward Sales Contract
An agreement to deliver mortgages to third-party investors at a fixed price
Founding Partners
Individuals who became limited partners of Newmark Holdings in connection with the Separation who held BGC Holdings founding partner interests immediately prior to the Separation (provided that members of the Cantor Entity Group and the BGC Entity Group are not Founding Partners)
Founding Partner interests, Founding Partner units or FPUs
Founding/Working Partners units in Newmark Holdings or, prior to the closing of the Corporate Conversion, Newmark Holdings or BGC Holdings, that are generally redeemed upon termination of employment
Freddie Mac
The Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation
Freddie Mac Strip
A three basis point servicing fee and/or up to a one-basis point surveillance fee on certain Freddie Mac loans after the loan is securitized in a Freddie Mac pool
Freddie Mac TAH
The Freddie Mac Targeted Affordable Housing Program
GCS
Global corporate services, Newmark’s consulting and outsourcing services business that focuses on corporate occupiers
GDP
Gross domestic product
GDPR
General Data Protection Regulation
Gerald Eve
Gerald Eve LLP, a London-based real estate advisory firm acquired on March 10, 2023
Ginnie Mae
The Government National Mortgage Association
GSE or GSEs
Government-sponsored enterprises (Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac)
HDUs
LPUs with capital accounts, which are liability awards recorded in “Accrued compensation” in the Company’s consolidated balance sheets
HUD
U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development
HUD LEAN
HUD’s mortgage insurance program for senior housing
HUD MAP
HUD’s Multifamily Accelerated Processing
Investment Company Act 
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended
Knotel
Knotel, Inc.
Kastle Barometer
Security provider Kastle Systems tracks the number of employees in ten of the largest U.S. metropolitan areas that were physically in offices and reports that number every work week as a percentage of the typical number physically present during the first three weeks of February 2020
LEED
Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design
LIBOR
London Inter-Bank Offered Rate
Limited Partnership Unit Holders
The individuals who became limited partners of Newmark Holdings in connection with the Separation and who held BGC Holdings limited partnership units immediately prior to the Separation and certain individuals who became or become limited partners of Newmark Holdings from time to time after the Separation and who provide services to the Newmark Entity Group
LPA Amendment
An amendment, dated as of March 10, 2023, to the Newmark Holdings limited partnership agreement
LPUs, limited partnership units, or limited partnership interests
Certain limited partnership units in Newmark Holdings or, prior to the closing of the Corporate Conversion, Newmark Holdings or BGC Holdings, held by certain employees of BGC or Newmark and other persons who have provided services to BGC or Newmark, which units may include APSIs, APSUs, AREUs, ARPSUs, HDUs, U.K. LPUs, N Units, PLPUs, PPSIs, PPSUs, PSEs, PSIs, PSUs, REUs, RPUs, and SPUs, along with future types of limited partnership units in Newmark Holdings
MBA
Mortgage Bankers’ Association
McCall & Almy
McCall & Almy, Inc.
Merkel CIC Agreement
Change of Control Agreement that Stephen Merkel entered into with the Company on February 18, 2025
4
MPC
Monetary Policy Committee of the Bank of England
MSCI
MSCI Real Assets (formerly known as Real Capital Analytics, or “RCA”)
MSRs
Mortgage servicing rights
Nasdaq
Nasdaq, Inc. (formerly known as NASDAQ OMX Group, Inc.)
Newmark
Newmark Group, Inc., and where applicable, its consolidated subsidiaries. Also referred to as the “Company,” “we,” “us,” or “our”
Newmark & Co.
Newmark & Company Real Estate, Inc., which for the purposes of this document is defined as all of the companies acquired by BGC Partners on October 14, 2011. Comparisons in this document to our 2011 revenues are based on unaudited full year 2011 revenues for Newmark & Co.
Newmark Common Stock
Newmark Class A common stock and Newmark Class B common stock, collectively
Newmark Class A common stock
Newmark Class A common stock, par value $0.01 per share
Newmark Class B common stock
Newmark Class B common stock, par value $0.01 per share
Newmark Entity Group
Newmark, Newmark Holdings, Newmark OpCo and their respective consolidated subsidiaries, collectively
Newmark Holdings
Newmark Holdings, L.P., which is owned jointly by Newmark, Cantor, Newmark’s employee partners and other partners
NHL
Newmark Holdings Limited 
Newmark Holdings limited partnership agreement
Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Newmark Holdings, dated as of December 13, 2017
Newmark IPO
The initial public offering of 23 million shares of Newmark Class A common stock at a price of $14.00 per share in December 2017
Newmark OpCo
Newmark Partners, L.P., an operating partnership, which is owned jointly by Newmark and Newmark Holdings and holds the businesses of Newmark
Newmark Research
A Newmark service providing real estate market reports and analysis to our professionals and clients
Newmark Revolving Loans
Certain loans that Cantor has agreed to make from time to time to Newmark pursuant to the First Cantor Credit Agreement Amendment in an aggregate outstanding principal amount of up to $150.0 million, on substantially the same terms as other loans under such agreement, except that until April 15, 2024, the Newmark Revolving Loans would bear interest at a rate equal to 25 basis points less than the interest rate borne by the revolving loans made pursuant to the Credit Facility
Newmark S11
Newmark S11 Holdings, LLC
NOL
Net operating loss
N Units
Non-distributing partnership units of Newmark Holdings that may not be allocated any item of profit or loss, and may not be made exchangeable into shares of Class A common stock, including NREUs and NPSUs
OECD
Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development
Official Bank Rate
The rate the Bank of England charges banks and financial institutions for loans with a maturity of one day
OMSRs
Originated mortgage servicing rights
Open Realty
Open Realty Advisors, LLC and Open Realty Properties, LLC, which operate together as a retail real estate advisory firm
Preferred Distribution
Allocation of net profits of BGC Holdings or Newmark Holdings to holders of Preferred Units, at a rate of either 0.6875% (i.e., 2.75% per calendar year) or such other amount as set forth in the award documentation
5
Preferred Units
Preferred partnership units in Newmark Holdings or, prior to the closing of the Corporate Conversion, BGC Holdings, such as PPSUs, which are settled for cash, rather than made exchangeable into shares of Class A common stock, are only entitled to a Preferred Distribution, and are not included in BGC’s or Newmark’s fully diluted share count
Preqin
Preqin Ltd
Producers
Customer-facing, revenue-generating professionals, including brokers, salespersons, front-office personnel, and originators, who are directly compensated based wholly or in part on the revenues they contribute to generating
Rateable Value
The U.K.’s Valuation Office Agency calculates a rateable value for each business property in England and Wales. A rateable value is an estimate of what it would cost to rent a property for a year, on a set valuation date. The property is assumed to be vacant, in reasonable repair, and available to be rented on the open market. It is also assumed that the tenant pays for the business rates taxes, repairs and insurance. The valuation date is set by law and helps make valuations consistent
Real Estate LP
CF Real Estate Finance Holdings, L.P.
Recurring revenues
Includes all pass through revenues, as well as fees from Newmark’s servicing business, GCS, property management, its flexible workspace platform, and V&A, as well as Spring11. This term may be used interchangeably with “recurring businesses” or “resilient businesses”
REIT
Real estate investment trust
RSUs
BGC or Newmark restricted stock units, paid or payable in shares of BGC Class A common stock or Newmark Class A common stock, respectively, held by certain employees of BGC or Newmark and other persons who have provided services to BGC or Newmark, or issued in connection with certain acquisitions
SEC
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
Securities Act
Securities Act of 1933, as amended
Separation
Principal corporate transactions pursuant to the Separation and Distribution Agreement, by which the BGC Entity Group transferred to the Newmark Entity Group the assets and liabilities of the BGC Entity Group relating to BGC’s real estate services business, and related transactions, including the distribution of Newmark Holdings units to holders of units in BGC Holdings and the assumption and repayment of certain BGC indebtedness by Newmark
Separation and Distribution Agreement
The Separation and Distribution Agreement entered into prior to the completion of the Newmark IPO by Cantor, Newmark, Newmark Holdings, Newmark OpCo, BGC Partners, BGC Holdings, BGC U.S. OpCo and, for certain limited purposes described therein, BGC Global Holdings, L.P., dated December 13, 2017, as amended from time to time, and as amended on November 8, 2018 and amended and restated on November 23, 2018
Signature Transactions
Newmark acted as the exclusive financial advisor to the FDIC on the sale of approximately $60 billion of loans, formerly owned by Signature Bridge Bank, N.A. The FDIC acted in its capacity as receiver for Signature Bridge Bank, N.A. The portfolio encompassed more than 5,000 housing, retail, office, mixed-use, and bridge financing loans. A portion of the loans did not relate to real estate.
The book value of the overall loan portfolio was approximately $60 billion when Newmark was retained as an advisor by the FDIC and approximately $53 billion when the Company began marketing the loans, while the completed transactions had a combined notional value of $39.5 billion. The latter figure consisted of $21.7 billion of equity placements recorded as part of the Company’s Investment sales volumes and $17.8 billion of loan sales recorded as mortgage brokerage and debt placement
SOFR
Secured Overnight Financing Rate
Spin-Off
The pro rata distribution, pursuant to the Separation and Distribution Agreement, by BGC Partners to its stockholders of all of the shares of Newmark Common Stock owned by BGC Partners immediately prior to the effective time of the Spin-Off, completed on November 30, 2018 
Spring11
Spring11 Holdings, LP
SPV
Special purpose vehicle
6
Standing Policy
In March 2018, Newmark’s Compensation Committee and Audit Committee approved Mr. Lutnick’s right, subject to certain conditions, to accept or waive opportunities offered to other executive officers to monetize or otherwise provide liquidity with respect to some or all of their limited partnership units of Newmark Holdings or to accelerate the lapse of or eliminate any restrictions on equity awards
TAM
Total addressable market
TDRs
Troubled debt restructurings
Total Debt
Newmark’s quarterly volumes from mortgage brokerage and GSE/FHA originations together
Trophy Building 
A subset of Class A for a high-profile, prestigious, and often iconic commercial property located in a prime market area. These buildings are typically of exceptional quality and design, with state-of-the-art systems, high-end finishes, and amenities that exceed the standards of typical Class A buildings. Trophy buildings are often landmarks within their cities and attract the most prestigious tenants and command the highest rents in their respective markets. They are considered the best-in-class for office or mixed-use space and are highly sought after by institutional investors due to their status and stable cash flows
U-3
The number of unemployed individuals as a percentage of the entire labor force; considered the official unemployment rate by the U.S. Department of Labor 
U.K.
United Kingdom
U.S. GAAP or GAAP
Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States of America
UBT
Unincorporated Business Tax
V&A
Valuation and Advisory
Working Partners or Newmark Holdings Working Partners
The individuals who became limited partners of Newmark Holdings in connection with the Separation and who held BGC Holdings working partner interests immediately prior to the Separation, and certain individuals who became or become limited partners of Newmark Holdings from time to time from and after the Separation and who provide services to the Newmark Entity Group
7
SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION
This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. Any statements contained herein that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. For example, words such as “may,” “will,” “should,” “estimates,” “predicts,” “possible,” “potential,” “continue,” “strategy,” “believes,” “anticipates,” “plans,” “expects,” “intends,” and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. The information included herein is given as of the filing date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K with the SEC, and future results or events could differ significantly from these forward-looking statements. Such statements are based upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties. Factors that could cause future results or events to differ from those expressed in these forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, the risks and uncertainties described or referenced in this Form 10-K in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors, in Part II, Item 7, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Forward-Looking Cautionary Statements, and in Part II, Item 7A, Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. Except to the extent required by applicable law or regulation, the Company does not undertake to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.
8
RISK FACTOR SUMMARY
The following is a summary of material risks that could affect our business, each of which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. This summary may not contain all of our material risks, and it is qualified in its entirety by reference to the more detailed risk factors set forth in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors.
•
General conditions in the economy, commercial real estate market and the banking sector (including perceptions of such conditions) can have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
•
Actions taken by central banks in major global economies, including with regards to interest rates, may have a material negative impact on our businesses.
•
We operate in a highly competitive industry with numerous competitors, some of which may have greater financial and operational resources than we do. 
•
We may pursue opportunities including strategic alliances, acquisitions, dispositions, joint ventures or other growth opportunities (including hiring new brokers and other professionals), which could present unforeseen integration obstacles or costs and could dilute our stockholders. We may also face competition in our acquisition strategy, and such competition may limit such opportunities. 
•
We are and we will continue to be exposed to political, economic, legal, regulatory, operational and other risks, including with respect to the outbreak of hostilities or other instability, inherent in operating in foreign countries.
•
If we fail to comply with laws, rules and regulations applicable to commercial real estate brokerage, valuation and advisory, mortgage transactions and our other business lines, we may incur significant financial penalties. 
•
Changes in our tax rates, unavailability of certain tax credits or reliefs, exposure to additional tax liabilities or assessments or challenges to our tax positions or interpretations could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
•
Changes in relationships with the GSEs and HUD could materially adversely affect our ability to originate and service multifamily real estate loans through such programs, although we also provide debt and equity to our clients through other third-party capital sources. Compliance with the minimum collateral and risk-sharing requirements of such programs, as well as applicable state and local licensing agencies, could reduce our liquidity.  
•
A change to the conservatorship of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and related actions, along with any changes in laws and regulations affecting the relationship between Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and the U.S. federal government or the existence of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
•
We may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights or may be prevented from using intellectual property necessary for our business. 
•
Malicious cyber-attacks and other adverse events affecting our operational systems or infrastructure, or those of third parties, could disrupt our business, result in the disclosure of confidential information, damage our reputation and cause losses or regulatory penalties. 
•
We and our competitors may use AI in our businesses, and challenges with properly managing its use could result in competitive harm, regulatory action, legal liability and brand or reputational harm.
•
Howard W. Lutnick’s confirmation as the U.S. Secretary of Commerce and the loss of his services, the loss of key employees, the development of future talent, and the ability of certain key employees to devote adequate time and attention to us are a key part of the success of our business, and failure to continue to employ and have the benefit of these key employees  may adversely affect our businesses and prospects.
•
Declines in or terminations of servicing engagements or breaches of servicing agreements could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
•
We have debt, which could adversely affect our ability to raise additional capital to fund our operations and activities, limit our ability to react to changes in the economy or the commercial real estate services industry, expose us to interest rate risk, impact our ability to obtain favorable credit ratings and prevent us from meeting or refinancing our obligations under our indebtedness, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
•
We may be required to pay Cantor for a significant portion of the tax benefit, if any, relating to any additional tax depreciation or amortization deductions we claim as a result of any step up in the tax basis of the assets of Newmark OpCo resulting from exchanges of interests held by Cantor in Newmark Holdings for our common stock.
•
We are a holding company, and accordingly are dependent upon distributions from Newmark OpCo to pay dividends, taxes and indebtedness and other expenses and to make repurchases, of our Class A common stock.
•
Reductions in our quarterly cash dividend and reductions in distributions by Newmark Holdings to its partners may reduce the value of our common stock There can be no assurance that future dividends will be paid, that dividend amounts will be maintained or that repurchases or purchases will be made at current or future levels.
9
•
In connection with his confirmation as U.S. Secretary of Commerce, Mr. Howard Lutnick has stated his intention to divest his interests in us, Cantor and CFGM to comply with U.S. government ethics rules. We cannot predict the consequences of this divestiture.
•
Our Class B common stock is held by Cantor and CFGM, whose interests may conflict with ours, and may exercise their control in a way that favors their interests to our detriment, including in competition with us for acquisitions or other business opportunities. 
•
Purchasers of our Class A common stock, as well as existing stockholders, may experience significant dilution as a result of sales of shares of our Class A common stock by us, and the perception that such sales could occur, may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our stock.
•
Ongoing scrutiny and changing expectations from stockholders, clients and customers with respect to the Company’s corporate responsibility or ESG practices may result in additional costs or risks.
•
We face increasing financial, regulatory, and transitional risks associated with the effects of climate change. 
10
PART I