ITEM 1. BUSINESS
Throughout this document Newmark Group, Inc., and where applicable, its consolidated subsidiaries, is referred to as “Newmark,” “Company,” “we,” “us,” or “our.” 
Our Business
Newmark is a leading commercial real estate advisor and service provider to large institutional investors, global corporations, and other owners and occupiers. We offer a diverse array of integrated services and products designed to meet the full needs of our clients.
Our investor/owner services and products include:
•
capital markets consists of investment sales and commercial mortgage brokerage (which includes the placement of debt, equity raising, structured finance, and loan sales on behalf of third parties);
•
landlord (or agency) representation leasing;
•
valuation and advisory;
•
property management and flexible workspace solutions for owners;
•
our leading commercial real estate technology platform and capabilities;
•
due diligence, consulting and other advisory services;
•
GSEs and FHA lending, including multifamily lending and loan servicing;
•
limited loan servicing and asset management; and
•
business rates for U.K. property owners.
Our corporate or occupier services and products include:
•
tenant representation leasing;
•
GCS, which includes real estate, workplace and occupancy strategy, corporate consulting services, project management, lease administration and facilities management;
•
flexible workspace solutions for occupiers; and
•
business rates for U.K. occupiers.
 Our goal is to lead with extraordinary talent, data, and analytics, which together allow us to provide strategic and specialized advice. This combination enables our revenue-generating employees, including brokers, originators, and other customer-facing professionals to be highly productive and to help clients increase their efficiency and profits while optimizing their real estate portfolios. 
We have relationships with many of the world’s largest commercial property owners, real estate developers and investors, as well as Fortune 500 and Forbes Global 2000 companies. For the year ended December 31, 2024, we generated revenues of over $2.7 billion, primarily from commissions on leasing and capital markets transactions, consulting and technology user fees, property and facility management fees, and mortgage origination and loan servicing fees. Our revenues are widely diversified across service lines, geographic regions and clients, with our top 10 clients accounting for approximately 9.1% of our total revenue on a consolidated basis for the year ended December 31, 2024.
Newmark
’
s History
Newmark was founded in New York City in 1929, with an emphasis on local investor/owner and occupier services and products and became known for having dedicated, knowledgeable, and client-focused advisors/intermediaries. Our acquisition by Cantor’s subsidiary BGC in 2011 and its subsequent investments in our business contributed to Newmark’s strong growth. From that time until we spun off from BGC in November 2018, we embarked on a rapid expansion throughout North America encompassing nearly all key business lines in the commercial real estate services sector, which included the acquisition of Berkeley Point Financial LLC in 2017. We believe our long-term growth has been a result of our management team’s strong understanding of commercial real estate as an asset class, long-term vision and deep relationships with users and owners, our strong culture of innovation and collaboration, our ability to adapt to the evolving market and to shifts in the demand for our services, and our proven track record of attracting and retaining the industry’s best talent.
11
Between 2011 and 2024, we increased our total revenues by a CAGR of approximately 21%. Based on reported results, we believe that our improvement was greater than the average for our publicly traded commercial real estate services peers listed in the U.S. that have reported revenues over this period, as of March 3, 2025. 
Due to this long-term record of growth, we are now a top commercial real estate services platform in the United States with a rapidly expanding international footprint.
Recent Board of Directors and Executive Officers Changes
On February 18, 2025, Mr. Howard W. Lutnick was confirmed by the United States Senate as the 41st Secretary of Commerce. Following his confirmation, on February 18, 2025, Mr. Howard W. Lutnick stepped down as Chairman of the Board and Executive Chairman of the Company. On February 18, 2025, the Company appointed Mr. Kyle Lutnick, son of Mr. Howard W. Lutnick, to serve as a member of the Board. Additionally, on February 18, 2025 the Company appointed Mr. Stephen M. Merkel to serve as a member of the Board and as Chairman of the Board. On February 18, 2025, the Company appointed its Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Barry M. Gosin, as Principal Executive Officer of the Company following Mr. Howard W. Lutnick’s departure. Mr. Howard W. Lutnick has agreed to divest his interests in Newmark to comply with U.S. government ethics rules, which is expected to occur within 90 days following his confirmation, and does not expect any arrangement which involves selling shares on the open market.
Our Services 
Newmark offers a diverse array of integrated services designed to meet the full needs of both real estate investors/owners and occupiers. We believe our technological advantages, industry-leading talent, deep and diverse client relationships and suite of complementary services allow us to actively cross-sell our services and drive margins.
Real Estate Investor/Owner Services and Products
Capital Markets.
 We offer a broad range of capital markets services, including investment sales and mortgage brokerage (which together include debt and equity placement, fundraising, and recapitalization) of individual assets, portfolios and operating companies. We match capital providers with capital users. Our capital markets professionals have deep relationships with investors and capital sources of various composition, including government sponsored agencies, insurance companies, pension funds, real estate investment trusts, private funds, private investors, developers and construction firms. 
Landlord (or “Agency”) Representation Leasing.
 We understand the nuanced needs of corporate, institutional, family and entrepreneurial property owners, and develop customized leasing strategies to help them attract and maintain the right tenants. Armed with both on-the-ground intelligence and comprehensive data, we help landlords find opportunities and make sound decisions. From strategic planning to property and asset management, we believe that our seamless services deliver increased revenue and enhanced value for our clients.

V&A.

Our V&A professionals execute projects of nearly every size and type, from single properties to large portfolios, existing and proposed facilities, and mixed-use developments across the spectrum of asset classes. Clients include banks, pension funds, equity funds, REITs, insurance companies, developers, corporations, and institutional capital sources. These institutions utilize the advisory services we provide in their loan underwriting, construction financing, portfolio analytics, feasibility determination, acquisition structures, litigation support, property tax, and financial reporting.
Property Management and Flexible Workspace Solutions.
 We provide property management services on a contractual basis to owners and investors in office (including medical and life sciences offices), industrial and retail properties. Property management services include building operations and maintenance, vendor and contract negotiation, project oversight and value engineering, labor relations, property inspection/quality control, property accounting and financial reporting, cash flow analysis, financial modeling, lease administration, due diligence and exit strategies. We also offer amenity-rich and flexible work environments across a network of offices, located primarily in Europe and North America. These businesses also give us better insight into our clients’ overall real estate needs.
U.K. Business Rates Services.
 Business rates is a property tax payable on most commercial properties in the U.K. This tax is based on government valuations based on market rental value that are currently reassessed every three years. According to the Office for Budget Responsibility, U.K. businesses spend a total of approximately £30 billion annually in business rates liability. The owner and occupier of each property has a right to challenge the level of value assessed on their premises and, where applicable, can apply for relevant reliefs and exemptions. As part of our service suite, we manage rate payments, processing £1 billion in rates each year as one of the U.K.’s leading outsourced ratepayers. Our success in helping clients save 
12
on this tax is underpinned by the deep knowledge that our team has of property sectors, property cases, market movements, and complex legislative procedures. We are an established market leader in the U.K. with over 1,800 corporate clients. Since 2017, Gerald Eve (which now operates as Newmark), has handled £9.3 billion in Rateable Value and achieved £1.3 billion in client savings. We believe that this business provides valuable connectivity to many of our other service lines and generates a solid stream of recurring and predictable revenues. 
Leading Commercial Real Estate Technology Platform and Capabilities.
 Investing in digital solutions has become imperative and we remain dedicated to creating customer-centric technology that optimizes our business methods while keeping our workforce and clients safe. Our multi-faceted real estate database continues to grow, as does our commitment to providing innovative, value-added technological solutions across our service lines, which enables our professionals to provide clients with data-driven advice and analytics with expediency. Our solutions are designed to increase operational efficiency, realize additional income, and/or generate cost savings for our professionals and clients.
Due Diligence, Consulting, Advisory Services and Other Services.

We provide commercial real estate due diligence consulting and advisory services to a variety of clients, including lenders, investment banks and investors. Our core competencies include underwriting, modeling, structuring, due diligence, and asset management. We also offer clients cost-effective and flexible staffing solutions through both on-site and off-site teams. We believe this business line and other non-brokerage services we offer give us additional ways to cross-sell services and add value to our clients.
GSE/FHA Lending.

We operate a leading commercial real estate finance company focused on the origination and sale of multifamily and other related commercial real estate loans through government-sponsored and government-funded loan programs, as well as the servicing of loans originated by it and third parties. We participate in loan origination, sale, and servicing programs operated by two GSEs, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. We also originate, sell and service loans under HUD FHA programs, and are an approved HUD MAP and HUD LEAN lender, as well as an approved Ginnie Mae issuer.
Through HUD’s MAP and LEAN Programs, we provide construction and permanent loans to developers and owners of multifamily housing, affordable housing, senior housing and healthcare facilities. We are one of 25 approved lenders that participate in the Fannie Mae DUS program and one of 23 lenders approved as a Freddie Mac seller/servicer. As a low-risk intermediary, we use our warehouse facilities, including $1.5 billion of committed loan funding, $1.1 billion of uncommitted loan funding available through three commercial banks, and an uncommitted $500.0 million Fannie Mae loan repurchase facility to originate loans guaranteed by government agencies or entities and pre-sell such loans prior to transaction closing. We have established a strong credit culture over decades of originating loans and remain committed to disciplined risk management from the initial underwriting stage through loan payoff. 
Loan Servicing and Asset Management
. In conjunction with our origination services, we sell the loans that we originate under GSE and FHA programs and retain the servicing of those loans. Our GSE/FHA loan servicing portfolio provides a stable, predictable recurring stream of revenue to us over the life of each loan. The typical multifamily loan that we originate and service under these programs is either fixed or variable rate and includes significant prepayment penalties. These structural features generally offer prepayment protection and provide more stable, recurring fees. In addition to our GSE/FHA portfolio, we also service loans for other lenders, as well as offer limited servicing, special servicing, and asset management for a wide range of commercial and multifamily loans.
Our servicing operations are rated by Fitch, S&P, and Kroll for commercial loan primary and special servicing and consist of a team of professionals dedicated to primary, limited, special servicing and asset management. These professionals focus on financial performance and risk management to anticipate potential property, borrower, or market issues. Portfolio management conducted by these professionals is not only a risk management tool, but also leads to deeper relationships with borrowers, resulting in continued interaction with borrowers over the term of the loan, and potential additional financing opportunities.
Real Estate Corporate or Occupier Services and Products
Tenant Representation Leasing.
 We represent commercial tenants in virtually all aspects of the leasing process (often in conjunction with GCS), including space acquisition and disposition, strategic planning, site selection, financial and market analysis, economic incentives analysis, lease negotiations, lease auditing and project management. We assist clients by defining space requirements, identifying suitable alternatives, recommending appropriate occupancy solutions, negotiating lease and ownership terms with landlords and minimizing real estate costs and associated risks for clients through analyzing, structuring and negotiating business and economic incentives, as well as advising on relevant sustainability and environmental issues. Fees are typically based on a percentage of the total financial consideration of the lease commitment for executed leases and are generally earned when a lease is signed. In many cases, landlords are responsible for paying the fees. We use innovative technology and data to provide tenants with an advantage in negotiating leases, which has contributed to our market share gains.
13
Global Corporate Services.
 GCS is our consulting and outsourcing services business that focuses on reducing occupancy expenses and improving efficiency for corporate real estate occupiers, with significant, often multi-national presences. We provide beginning-to-end corporate real estate solutions for clients. GCS strives to make its clients more effective by optimizing real estate usage, managing overall corporate footprint expenses, and improving workflow and human capital efficiency through large scale data analysis and our industry-leading technology. 
We provide real estate strategic consulting services to our clients, including Fortune 500 and Forbes Global 2000 companies, owner-occupiers, and government agencies, as well as organizations in healthcare and higher education. We also provide enterprise asset management information consulting and technology solutions which can yield cost-savings for our client base. Our consulting services include financial integration, asset and portfolio strategy, location strategy and optimization, workplace strategies, energy and sustainability, workflow and business process improvement, merger and acquisition integration and industrial consulting. We also offer clients value added services including project management, real estate and lease administration and facilities management. Fees for these services are on a negotiated basis and are often part of a multi-year services agreement. Fees may be contingent on meeting certain financial or savings objectives with incentives for exceeding agreed upon targets.
We believe that GCS provides us with a unique lens into commercial real estate and offers ways to win business across multiple business lines. Whether a client currently manages its real estate function in-house (insource) or has engaged an external provider (outsource), GCS aims to create value by securing accounts that are first generation outsourced or by gaining outsourced market share. GCS often provides us with recurring and/or contractual revenue streams when it enters into multi-year contracts for ongoing services, such as project and facilities management and real estate and lease administration over the course of the contract.
For the past 16 years, the International Association of Outsourcing Professionals has named Newmark to The Global Outsourcing 100®, which identifies the world’s best outsourcing providers across all industries.
U.K. Business Rates Services and 
Flexible Workspace Solutions
.
 See the above descriptions under 
“
Real Estate Investor/Owner Services and Products.
”

Business Partners
In certain smaller U.S. and international markets in which we do not maintain Newmark-owned offices, we have agreements in place to operate on a collaborative and cross-referral basis with certain independently owned offices in return for contractual and referral fees paid to us and/or certain mutually beneficial co-branding and other business arrangements. These independent offices are referred to as “business partners.” We believe these partnerships allow us to provide the best service to our clients and higher returns to our shareholders, without diluting our focus. These business partners may use some variation of our branding in their names and marketing materials. These agreements typically take the form of multi-year contracts, and provide for mutual referrals in their respective markets, generating additional contract and brokerage fees. While we do not derive a significant portion of our revenue from these relationships, they do enable us to seamlessly provide service to our mutual clients. These business partners give our clients access to additional brokerage professionals with local market research capabilities as well as other commercial real estate services in locations where the Company does not have a physical presence. The discussion of our financial results and other metrics reflects only the business owned by us and does not include the results for business partners using some variation of the Newmark name in their branding or marketing. See “Risks Related to Our Business—Risks Related to Our Commercial Contracts and Arrangements—We may not be able to replace partner offices when affiliation agreements are terminated, which may decrease our scope of services and geographic reach,” under Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors. 
Industry Trends and Opportunity 
We expect the following industry and macroeconomic trends to impact our market opportunity: 
Large and Highly Fragmented Market
. We estimate that the commercial real estate services industry is a more than $400 billion global revenue market opportunity. This TAM represents the actual and/or potential revenues that are or could be generated annually by public and private commercial real estate services firms. We believe that a significant portion of the TAM currently resides with smaller and regional companies offering services like ours. We also believe that a large percentage consists of real estate services that are performed in-house by owners and occupiers but that could be partially or entirely outsourced. The estimated TAM also includes businesses in which our public commercial real estate services competitors operate but where Newmark currently does not. We estimate that less than 20% of the potential revenue in the global 
14
commercial real estate services market is currently serviced by the top 10 global firms (by total revenues), leaving a large opportunity for us to reach clients through superior experience and high-quality service, relative to both our larger competitors and the significant number of fragmented smaller and regional companies. We believe that clients increasingly value full service real estate service providers with comprehensive capabilities and multi-jurisdictional reach. We expect this to provide Newmark a competitive advantage as we have full-service capabilities to service both real estate owners and occupiers.
Institutional Investor Demand for Commercial Real Estate.
 Institutions investing in real estate often compare their returns on investments in real estate to those of alternative asset classes, benchmark sovereign bonds, and investment-grade corporate bonds. Even with their recent rise, benchmark interest rates have remained below long-term average historical rates around the world over the past several years.

For example, ten-year U.S. Treasuries averaged approximately 5.9% over the fifty years ended December 31, 2024. 
The weighted average target allocation for all global institutional investors to real estate increased from 5.6% of their overall portfolios in 2010 to 10.8% in 2024, according to figures from an annual survey by Cornell University’s Baker Program in Real Estate and Hodes Weill & Associates. The Cornell survey estimates that the global target allocations will remain relatively flat at 10.7% in 2025. We expect these relatively high investor allocations to benefit our owner-focused businesses as interest rates and transaction activity normalize. According to data from Bloomberg (as of early February 2025), economists and futures market participants widely expect major central banks, including the Federal Reserve, to continue gradually lowering short term rates over the next two calendar years. We expect these interest rate movements will accelerate real estate capital markets activity. 
One indication that investors remain ready to deploy capital toward real estate is the undeployed amounts held by global real estate focused institutions in closed-end funds. Preqin estimated that there was approximately $380 billion of investible funds held by such institutions as of January 31, 2025, versus $325 billion at the end of 2015 and $205 billion at year-end 2010. These figures exclude the significant amount of real estate assets already invested or held by other types of investors and owners, such as publicly traded REITs, non-traded REITs, and open-ended core property funds. According to the most recent data from MSCI, total global funds under management by real-estate focused institutional investors was $13.2 trillion in 2023. According to Preqin and Goldman Sachs, the subset of such institutional assets under management held by private credit funds focused on real estate debt is expected to grow from $150 billion in 2022 to more than $680 billion in 2027. These types of funds have correspondingly become a growing percentage of commercial and multifamily lending in the U.S. over the past two years.
Significant Levels of Commercial Mortgage Debt Outstanding and Upcoming Maturities.

As of the most recently available data from the MBA, there is approximately $4.8 trillion in U.S. commercial and multifamily mortgage debt outstanding (excluding loans for acquisitions, development, and construction, as well as loans collateralized by owner-occupied commercial properties). Of this amount, approximately $2.1 trillion is expected to mature between 2025 and 2027. Refinancing typically makes up a significant portion of overall industry originations. For context, the MBA states that total U.S. commercial and multifamily originations were $891 billion in 2021, $816 billion in 2022, $429 billion in 2023, and an estimated $503 billion in 2024. As of February 2025, the MBA projects that U.S. originations will grow by 16% in 2025 and 22% in 2026. We expect the pullback in commercial real estate lending by banks will continue to drive a large percentage of investors and owners to find alternative solutions, including via the growing share of loans we expect to be originated by alternative lenders such as private credit funds and insurance companies. We anticipate a significant portion of debt maturities to be resolved not only through refinancing, which should help our mortgage brokerage and origination businesses, but also through the kinds of more complex and sophisticated restructurings, loan sales, and recapitalizations in which Newmark specializes. Our capital markets clients have sought, and we believe will continue to seek, our counsel with respect to addressing their related investing and financing needs. We expect our professionals to not only provide our clients with innovative capital markets solutions, but to offer integrated services from our experts across leasing, V&A, property management, servicing, and other areas of Newmark. By using a collaborative and multidisciplinary approach, we can provide our clients with extensive industry and product expertise along regional, national, and increasingly global reach across a wide variety of property types.
Expected Stabilization of Interest Rates
. Steady interest rate environments typically stimulate our capital markets business, where demand is often dependent on attractive all-in borrowing rates versus expected asset yields. Demand also depends on credit accessibility and general macroeconomic trends. As interest rates stabilize, we expect this to increase demand for our origination, investment sales, and mortgage brokerage businesses.  
Favorable Multifamily Demographics Driving Growth in Multifamily Originations and Sales.

Increasing sales prices for single-family homes and condominiums relative to wages, the rise in mortgage rates, relatively low home construction rates over the past decade, an aging population, and immigration to the United States are among the factors 
15
increasing demand for new apartment living in the U.S., as well as for single-family rental housing. We expect these factors to support continued growth for our multifamily capital markets business, which provides integrated investment sales, mortgage brokerage, GSE/FHA lending, and loan servicing capabilities. We believe that the combination of these businesses has provided and will continue to have a multiplier effect that drives growth across the Company.
Trend Toward Outsourcing of Commercial Real Estate Services. 
We estimate that the outsourcing of real estate-related services has reduced both property owner and tenant costs, which has increased the profitability for those who utilize commercial real estate and spurred additional demand for property. We believe that the more than $400 billion global revenue opportunity includes a large percentage of companies and landlords that have not yet outsourced their commercial real estate functions, including many functions offered by our management services businesses. Large corporations are focused on consistency in service delivery and centralization of the real estate function and procurement to maximize cost savings and efficiencies in their real estate portfolios. This focus tends to lead them to choose full-service providers like Newmark, where customers can centralize service delivery and maximize cost savings. We expect our GCS and property management businesses to benefit from the continued growth of outsourcing. For those companies and landlords who do not outsource, we consult with them and offer technology solutions to facilitate self-management more efficiently. Our GCS business has seen increased demand for services relevant to these client needs. We believe that our outsourcing, consulting, and technology offerings allow us to engage further with clients and position us for opportunities to provide additional services to fulfill their needs.
See “Business Environment,” in Part II, Item 7, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, for additional information regarding trends in market demand and competitive conditions, which is incorporated by reference herein.
Our Competitive Strengths
We believe our success has been driven by a unique combination of strategies, including:
Valuable Market Insight.

The notional value of leasing, investments sales, mortgage brokerage, and GSE/FHA origination transactions that we facilitated, as well as the estimated value of all properties appraised by our V&A business, was nearly $1 trillion in 2024. This provides us with extraordinary and valuable insight across the commercial and multifamily real estate markets.
Expertise and Knowledge.

Our comprehensive platform and in-depth knowledge of local, national, and global real estate markets, coupled with our strong understanding of commercial real estate as an asset class, ability to adapt to the evolving market and to shifts in the demand for our services, and deep relationships with users and owners empower us to supply an array of solutions for our clients.
Attracting and Retaining Talent.

Newmark’s strong culture of innovation, and collaboration has helped us hire and retain a significant number of the industry’s most talented professionals over the past decade, while encouraging their innovative and entrepreneurial natures and empowering them through our technology, data analytics, and infrastructure. We believe this makes them better at what they do while strengthening client relationships and enabling our professionals to deliver higher returns for them. Over the past decade, Newmark has been able to provide full-service capabilities while maintaining a manageable scale and has gained market share and risen in relevant league table standings across many business lines. We have accomplished this in part by investing in leadership and recruiting the top performers across our diverse business lines and geographies to our platform. 
Culture of Ownership
. 
Our broad-based employee ownership, which was collectively 29% of our fully diluted shares as of December 31, 2024, helps to recruit and retain our talent, encourages an ownership mindset and shared long-term vision, and promotes cross-selling in an environment where our professionals work together within and across business lines to productively and creatively solve our clients’ real estate needs. We also believe that this ownership culture serves to align the interests of employees with those of our bondholders and stockholders.
Industry-Leading Revenue per Employee.

Newmark’s focus is on higher revenue and higher margin businesses, which we believe helps make our professionals among the most productive among U.S.-listed full-service peers. For example, we believe Newmark’s total average revenue per employee was more than 70% higher than the average for our U.S.-listed full-service peers in 2023, which is the most recent year for which data is available for all relevant companies.
Full-Service Capabilities
.
 We provide a fully integrated real estate services platform to meet the needs of our clients and seek to provide beginning-to-end services when relevant. We lead with capital markets, where we aim to build the number one platform in the U.S., while expanding our investment sales and debt businesses internationally. We expect this to have a 
16
continued multiplier effect on many of our other investor- and owner-focused revenue streams across the Company, including in GSE/FHA origination and loan servicing, V&A, property management, our underwriting, asset management, and servicing platform, and landlord representation leasing. We expect this virtuous circle to continue to drive our growth over time. We are also actively cross-selling our occupier-focused services, which are described above. Today’s clients are focused on consistency of service delivery and centralization of the real estate function and procurement, resulting in savings and efficiencies, and allowing them to focus on their core competencies. Our target clients increasingly award business to full-service commercial real estate services firms, a trend which we believe benefits our business over many of our competitors. Additionally, our capabilities afford us an advantage when competing for business from clients who are outsourcing real estate services for the first time, as well as clients seeking best in class data, industry knowledge, and technology solutions. We believe our comprehensive and collaborative approach to commercial real estate services has allowed our revenue sources to become well-diversified across services and key markets throughout the U.S., U.K., and increasingly, other global locations. 
Opportunity to Grow Domestic and Global Footprint.
 In 2024, approximately 13% of our revenues were from international sources, while our largest, full-service, U.S.-listed competitors generated approximately 28% to 46% of their revenues outside the U.S. for the most recent fiscal years reported. We believe that our successful history of acquiring over 55 companies since 2011 and making profitable hires across our business lines and existing geographies demonstrates our ability to continue to grow substantially around the globe.
Strong and Diversified Client Relationships
.
 We have long-standing relationships with many of the world’s largest commercial property owners, real estate developers and investors, and Fortune 500 and Forbes Global 2000 companies. We can provide beginning-to-end solutions for our clients through our management services offerings. This allows us to generate more recurring and predictable revenues. We generally have multi-year contracts to provide services, including repeatable transaction work, lease administration, project management, facilities management and consulting. In capital markets, we provide real estate investors and owners with property management and landlord representation during their ownership and assist them with maximizing their return on real estate investments through investment sales, debt and equity financing, lending and V&A services and real estate technology solutions. We believe that the many touch points we have with our clients gives us a competitive advantage in client-specific and overall industry knowledge, and that this has a multiplier effect that drives growth across the Company.
Strong Financial Position to Support High Growth.
 We generate significant earnings and have a long-term track record of generating strong and consistent cash flow. We had $197.7 million of cash and cash equivalents and $525.0 million available under our revolving Credit Facility as of December 31, 2024. We expect to use our strong financial position and cash flow generation to fuel our future growth. 
Strong and Experienced Management Team
. Our management team possesses deep leadership experience and subject matter expertise, benefiting both us and our clients. Our executive officers comprise a set of individuals with an average of more than 30 years of industry expertise and a wide range of range of backgrounds and experiences. Additionally, our geographic and business line leadership teams also average more than 30 years of industry experience. Together, these leadership teams represent our flat leadership structure and robust capabilities in both corporate strategy and production expertise.
Technology and Data Analytics
We recognize the transformative impact of technology on the broader commercial real estate industry and on evolving client expectations. We believe our technology portfolio, centered around customer needs, empowers our professionals to deliver exceptional real estate experiences and exceptional value. Newmark seeks to redefine industry standards and to leverage data-driven market, client, and property insights, alongside seamless transaction management and our proven client servicing capabilities. We believe that our holistic approach to internal data capture and integration with outside data providers can open up new revenue opportunities across nearly all of our service lines. The tight partnership between Newmark producers and our technology teams should enable cutting-edge solutions and highly productive technology investments. With a focus on the future and anticipating client needs, we expect this synergy to position our professionals with a competitive edge, as detailed below. We are committed to empowering our professionals with customized data and digital solutions intended to improve and optimize the client experience and help drive growth. For example, we have begun to implement an AI solution for use by our personnel designed to enable Newmark professionals to improve efficiencies by unburdening them from time-consuming routine tasks and enabling them to focus on value-add endeavors. 
Integrated Capital Markets Platform.

Our suite of capital markets products, intended for use by our investment sales, debt financing, and debt servicing personnel, captures critical data, which is then fed into our comprehensive capital markets insights platform. This integration can empower our professionals with valuable insights into investor, lender, and seller activity. 
17
Newmark’s end-to-end digitization of the loan lifecycle used by our professionals connects pre-screeners, processors, business support, closers, underwriters, traders, and servicing on one platform. Through standardized workflows, automation, and system integrations, our digital loan underwriting tool is designed to reduce data input redundancy, improve productivity and accuracy, and reduce cycle times. We believe the integration between our capital markets products creates a convergence of investment and debt sales, financing, and servicing, harmonizing Newmark’s capital markets platform for operational efficiency. 
Newmark’s internal deal management and customer relationship management solution facilitates the entire deal management process from lead generation to transaction closing. It provides a centralized platform for managing clients and prospects and allows for efficient tracking of investor activity through its transaction management module. Additionally, the solution integrates full-service conversion opportunities, which may enhance the potential for increased revenue. We believe that this software streamlines the deal management process for Newmark professionals, capturing pivotal data points from the inception of client interest to the finalization of deals.
Business Intelligence. 
Newmark offers internal self-service analytics dashboards that consolidate data from diverse sources, providing our professionals with valuable insights and intelligence to assist in their business pursuits. Newmark’s GCS technology, Newlitic, aggregates and integrates information across an enterprise’s real estate portfolio into one single platform. A flexible and intuitive tool for commercial real estate professionals, this software offers capabilities for multiple management reporting needs—including occupancy utilization, portfolio and lease administration, transaction management, capital projects and facilities management—through customizable web dashboards.
Property Intelligence
. 
Newmark’s interactive site selection intelligence platform offers clients extensive market and property intelligence to aid in their location decision-making process. By leveraging data visualization, our interactive platform enables clients to make informed decisions based on demographics and logistics. Our digital tourbook generator, Spaceful, enhances the tour process for our clients through an intuitive mobile user experience. It allows brokerage teams to collaborate and make real-time adjustments, creating elegant tourbooks with auto-generated maps quickly. This software furthers our commitment to sustainability, by reducing the need for paper and streamlining collaboration and touring.
Full-Service V&A Product Suite
.

Newmark’s V&A digital solutions used by our professionals contain extensive repositories of sales data, comparable leases, and building operating expenses. Use of such datasets is intended to reduce appraisal modeling time while improving report accuracy. Our property management digital solution used by our professionals is designed to improve visibility into sales pipelines, new business pursuits, service agreements, and vendor management revenue. Processes are streamlined through centralization, notification automation, and simplified templates. 
Industry Recognition
Over the past several years, we have consistently won a number of U.S. industry awards and accolades, been ranked highly by third-party sources, and significantly increased our rankings, which we believe reflects recognition of our performance and achievements. For example: 
•
#1 Top Mortgage Banking & Brokerage Firms, Commercial Property Executive & Multi-Housing News, 2025;
•
#1 Top Office Brokers, MSCI, 2024;
•
#1 Top Student Housing Lender, Freddie Mac, 2024;
•
#2 Top Sales Firms, Commercial Property Executive, 2024;
•
#2 Top Multifamily Brokerage Firms, Multi-Housing News, 2024;
•
#2 Top Office Brokers, Real Estate Alert, 2024;
•
#2 Top Brokers of Data-Center Properties, Real Estate Alert, 2024;
•
#3 Top Seniors Housing DUS® Producers, Fannie Mae, 2024;
•
#3 Top Apartment Brokers, MSCI, 2024;
•
#3 Top Cross-Border Brokers, MSCI, 2024;
•
#3 Top Brokers of Multi-Family Properties, Real Estate Alert, 2024;
•
#3 Top Brokers of Self-Storage Properties, Real Estate Alert, 2024;
•
#4 Top Leasing Firms, Commercial Property Executive, 2024;
•
#4 Top Overall DUS® Producers, Fannie Mae, 2024;
•
#4 Top Brokers by Investment Volume, MSCI, 2024;
•
#5 Top Conventional Lender, Freddie Mac, 2024;
•
Ranked among The Global Outsourcing 100® by the International Association of Outsourcing Professionals, 2024, for the 16th consecutive year;
•
Named World’s Best Real Estate Consultant, Euro money, 2024; and
18
•
Named among GlobeSt’s. ‘Best Places to Work’, 2024.
Clients 
Our clients include a full range of real estate owners, occupiers, tenants, investors, lenders, small and medium size businesses, as well as multi-national corporations and some of the largest institutional owners of real estate in the world in numerous markets and across multiple property types, including office, retail, industrial, multifamily, student housing, hotel/lodging, data centers, healthcare, self-storage, land, condominium conversions, subdivisions and special use. Our clients vary greatly in size and complexity, and include for-profit and non-profit entities, governmental entities and public and private companies. 
Sales and Marketing
We seek to develop our brand and highlight its expansive platform while reinforcing our position as a leading commercial real estate services firm globally through brand and corporate marketing, local marketing of specific business lines and targeted brokerage professional marketing efforts, as described below.
Global Brand and Corporate Marketing. 
Globally, we utilize media relations, industry sponsorships, social media, sales collateral and targeted advertising in trade and business publications to develop and market our brand. We believe that our emphasis on our unique capabilities enables us to demonstrate our strengths and differentiate ourselves from our competitors. Our multi-market business groups provide customized collateral, website and technology solutions designed to address specific client needs.
Local Market Expertise and Targeted Brokerage Professional Efforts. 
On a local level, our offices (including those owned by us and those independently owned by business partners) have access to tools and templates that provide our revenue-generating professionals with the market knowledge we believe is necessary to educate and advise clients, and also to bring properties to market quickly and effectively. These tools and templates include proprietary research and analyses, web-based marketing systems and ongoing communications and training about our depth and breadth of services. Our professionals use these local, national and global resources to participate directly in selling to, advising and servicing clients. We provide marketing services and materials to certain business partners as part of an overall agreement allowing them to use our branding. We also benefit from shared referrals and materials from local offices.
Leading Research Capabilities.
 We invest in and rely on comprehensive and proprietary research to support and guide the development of real estate and investment strategy for our clients. Research plays a key role in keeping colleagues attuned to important trends and changing conditions in world markets. We disseminate this information internally and externally directly to prospective clients and the marketplace through the company website, direct email, and social media. We believe that our investments in research and technology are critical to establishing our brand as a thought leader and expert in real estate-related matters and provide a key sales and marketing differentiator.
Intellectual Property 
We hold various trademarks, trade dress and trade names and rely on a combination of patent, copyright, trademark, service mark and trade secret laws, as well as contractual restrictions, to establish and protect our intellectual property rights. We own numerous domain names and have registered numerous trademarks and/or service marks in the United States and foreign countries. We will continue to file additional patent applications on new inventions, as appropriate, demonstrating our commitment to technology and innovation. Although we believe our intellectual property rights play a role in maintaining our competitive position in a number of the markets that we serve, we do not believe we would be materially adversely affected by the expiration or termination of our trademarks or trade names or the loss of any of our other intellectual property rights. Our trademark registrations must be renewed periodically, and, in most jurisdictions, every 10 years.
Competition 
We compete across a variety of business disciplines within the commercial real estate industry, including commercial property and facilities management, owner-occupier, property and landlord representation, property sales, valuation, capital markets (equity and debt) solutions, GSE/FHA lending and loan servicing, limited servicing and asset management, and special servicing. Each business discipline is highly competitive on a local, regional, national and global level. We also compete with other large multi-national firms that have similar or overlapping service competencies to ours, including CBRE Group, Inc., Colliers International Group Inc., Cushman & Wakefield PLC, Jones Lang LaSalle Incorporated, and Savills plc. In addition, 
19
more specialized large firms like Berkadia Proprietary Holding LLC, Eastdil Secured LLC, Knight Frank LLP, Marcus & Millichap Inc., and Walker & Dunlop, Inc. compete with us in certain service lines or property types. Depending on the geography, property type or service, we may compete with other commercial real estate service providers, including outsourcing companies such as Aramark, ISS A/S, and ABM Industries. We may also compete with firms that provide flexible office-space solutions, such as International Workplace Group PLC and WeWork Companies LLC. From time to time, we also compete with in-house corporate real estate departments, institutional lenders, insurance companies, investment banking firms, and accounting and consulting firms in various parts of our business. Despite recent consolidation, the commercial real estate services industry remains highly fragmented and competitive. Although many of our competitors are local or regional firms that are smaller than us, some of these competitors are more entrenched than us on a local or regional basis.
Seasonality 
Due to the strong desire of many market participants to close real estate transactions prior to the end of a typical calendar year, our business exhibits certain seasonality, with our revenue tending to be lowest in the first quarter and strongest in the fourth quarter. This is particularly true for the industry across leasing, capital markets, and V&A. For the five years from 2020 through 2024, we generated an average of approximately 21% of our revenues in the first quarter and 30% of our revenues in the fourth quarter. 
Partnership and Equity Overview
We expect many of our key brokerage professionals, salespeople and other professionals to have a substantial amount of their own capital invested in our business, aligning their interests with those of our stockholders. We control the general partner of Newmark Holdings. The limited partnership interests in Newmark Holdings consist of: (i) a special voting limited partnership interest held by us; (ii) exchangeable limited partnership interests held by Cantor; (iii) founding/working partner interests held by founding/working partners; (iv) limited partnership units, which consist of a variety of units that are generally held by employees such as REUs, RPUs, PSUs, PSIs, PSEs, LPUs, APSUs, APSIs, AREUs, ARPUs and NPSUs; and (v) Preferred Units, which are working partner interests that may be awarded to holders of, or contemporaneous with, the grant of certain limited partnership units. See “Our Organizational Structure.”
While Newmark Holdings limited partnership interests generally entitle our partners to participate in distributions of income from the operations of our business, upon leaving Newmark Holdings (or upon any other purchase of such limited partnership interests), any such partners will only be entitled to receive over time, and provided such partner does not violate certain partner obligations, an amount for their Newmark Holdings limited partnership interests that reflects such partner’s capital account or compensatory grant awards, excluding any goodwill or going concern value of our business unless Cantor, in the case of the Founding Partners, and we, as the general partner of Newmark Holdings, otherwise determine. Our partners will be able to receive the right to exchange their Newmark Holdings limited partnership interests for shares of our Class A common stock (if, in the case of Founding Partners, Cantor so determines and, in the case of working partners and limited partnership unit holders, we, as the Newmark Holdings general partner, with Cantor’s consent, determine otherwise) and thereby realize any higher value associated with our Class A common stock. We believe that employee equity ownership creates a sense of responsibility for the health and performance of our business and a strong incentive to maximize our revenues and profitability. See “—Human Capital Management—Performance-Based and Highly Retentive Compensation Structure,”

“—Our Organizational Structure,” and the information contained under “Risks Related to Our Relationship with Cantor and Its Respective Affiliates” included in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors.
Regulation 
The brokerage of real estate sales and leasing transactions, property and facilities management, conducting real estate valuation and securing debt for clients and other business lines require that we comply with regulations affecting the real estate industry and maintain licenses in the various jurisdictions in which we operate. Like other market participants that operate in numerous jurisdictions and in various business lines, we must comply with numerous regulatory regimes.
We could be required to pay fines, return commissions, have a license suspended or revoked, or be subject to other adverse actions if we conduct regulated activities without a license or violate applicable rules and regulations. Licensing requirements could also impact our ability to engage in certain types of transactions, change how we conduct business or affect the cost of conducting business. We and our licensed associates may be subject to various obligations, and we could become subject to claims by regulators and/or participants in real estate sales or other services claiming that we did not fulfill our obligations. This could include claims with respect to alleged conflicts of interest where we act, or are perceived to be acting, for two or more clients. While management has overseen highly regulated businesses before and expects us to comply with all 
20
applicable regulations in a satisfactory manner, no assurance can be given that it will always be the case. In addition, federal, state and local laws and regulations impose various environmental zoning restrictions, use controls, and disclosure obligations that impact the management, development, use and/or sale of real estate. Such laws and regulations tend to discourage sales and leasing activities, as well as mortgage lending availability, with respect to such properties. In our role as property or facilities manager, we could incur liability under environmental laws for the investigation or remediation of hazardous or toxic substances or wastes relating to properties we currently or formerly managed. Such liability may be imposed without regard for the lawfulness of the original disposal activity, or our knowledge of, or fault for, the release or contamination. Further, liability under some of these laws and regulations may be joint and several, meaning that one of multiple liable parties could be responsible for all costs related to a contaminated site. Certain requirements governing the removal or encapsulation of asbestos-containing materials, as well as recently enacted local ordinances obligating property or facilities managers to inspect for and remove lead-based paint in certain buildings, could increase our costs of regulatory compliance and potentially subject us to claims of violations by regulatory agencies or others. Additionally, under certain circumstances, failure by our brokerage professionals acting as agents for a seller or lessor to disclose environmental contamination at a property could result in liability to a buyer or lessee of an affected property.
We are required to meet and maintain various eligibility criteria from time to time established by the GSEs and HUD, as well as applicable state and local licensing agencies, to maintain our status as an approved lender. These criteria include minimum net worth, operational liquidity and collateral requirements, and compliance with reporting requirements. We also are required to originate our loans and perform our loan servicing functions in accordance with the applicable program requirements and guidelines from time to time established by the GSEs and HUD. For additional information, see “Risks Related to Our Mortgage Servicing Business—Changes in relationships with GSEs and HUD could adversely affect our ability to originate commercial real estate loans through such programs, although we also provide debt and equity to our clients through other third-party capital sources. Compliance with the minimum collateral and risk-sharing requirements of such programs, as well as applicable state and local licensing agencies, could reduce our liquidity” included in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors.  
Newmark is subject to various capital requirements in connection with seller/servicer agreements that Newmark has entered into with the various GSEs. Failure to maintain minimum capital requirements could result in Newmark’s inability to originate and service loans for the respective GSEs and could have a direct material adverse effect on Newmark’s consolidated financial statements. As of December 31, 2024, Newmark met all capital requirements. As of December 31, 2024, the most restrictive capital requirement was Fannie Mae’s net worth requirement. Newmark exceeded the minimum requirement by $370.2 million.
Certain of Newmark’s agreements with Fannie Mae allow Newmark to originate and service loans under Fannie Mae’s DUS program. These agreements require Newmark to maintain sufficient collateral to meet Fannie Mae’s restricted and operational liquidity requirements based on a pre-established formula. Certain of Newmark’s agreements with Freddie Mac allow Newmark to service loans under the Freddie Mac TAH. These agreements require Newmark to pledge sufficient collateral to meet Freddie Mac’s liquidity requirement of 8% of the outstanding principal of TAH loans serviced by Newmark. As of December 31, 2024, Newmark met all liquidity requirements. 
In addition, as a servicer for Fannie Mae, GNMA and FHA, Newmark is required to advance to investors any uncollected principal and interest due from borrowers. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, outstanding borrower advances were approximately $0.5 million and $1.6 million, respectively, and are included in “Other assets” in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.
In order to continue our business in our current structure, we and Newmark Holdings must not be deemed investment companies under the Investment Company Act. We intend to take all legally permissible action to ensure that such entities are not subject to such Act. For additional information, see “Risks Related to Our Corporate and Partnership and Equity Structure—If we or Newmark Holdings were deemed an “investment company” under the Investment Company Act, the Investment Company Act’s restrictions could make it impractical for us to continue our business and structure as contemplated and could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects” included in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors. 
Human Capital Management 
Human Capital Resources.

Newmark is an organization built on strong values, employee engagement and ownership. At our core we are committed to our employees by providing them with an opportunity to participate in our success. We believe that by cultivating a dynamic mix of people and ideas, we enrich the performance of our businesses, the experiences of our employee base, and the level of engagement in the communities in which we operate. We value hard work, innovation, superior 
21
client service, strong ethics and governance and equal employment opportunity. Further, philanthropy is woven into our corporate culture. We believe these values foster sustainable, profitable growth. We strive to be exemplary corporate citizens and honor high ethical principles in our interactions with other businesses, our employees and the communities in which we live and work. 
Workforce. 
As of December 31, 2024, we had nearly 7,500 employees in approximately 140 offices in 120 cities. The expenses of approximately 1,200 of those employees are partially or fully reimbursed by clients, mainly in our property management and GCS businesses. In addition, and as of this same date, Newmark has licensed its name to certain independently owned commercial real estate providers we consider business partners, with more than 400 employees of such business partners operating in various locations where Newmark does not operate. As of December 31, 2024, Newmark and our business partners together operated from approximately 170 offices with over 8,000 professionals across four continents. 
We also receive support services from certain employees who also work for Cantor and its affiliates and who provide services to us pursuant to our Administrative Services Agreement with Cantor and devote some or all of their time to Newmark. Generally, employees are not subject to any collective bargaining agreements, except approximately 240 employees in the United States, all of whom are employees for which the expenses are fully reimbursed by our clients, and for certain of our employees based in our European offices who are covered by the national, industry-wide collective bargaining agreements relevant to the countries/sectors in which they work.
Our non-U.S. headcount has grown in recent years, including for our India offshoring operations, the hiring of new international professionals across capital markets, leasing, V&A, and GCS, and certain acquisitions. We expect our international headcount to increase as we continue to expand our global operations. 
We have invested significantly through acquisitions, technology spending and the hiring of new brokerage professionals, salespeople, managers and other front-office personnel. The market for these acquisitions has been competitive, and it is expected that these conditions will persist for the foreseeable future. We have attracted best-in-class professionals to our platform, which is known for scale, technology and expertise.
Human Capital Measures and Objectives. 
In response to shifting client demands, we seek to also manage our human capital resources as we expand service offerings and geographies in order to maximize profitability. 
Our human capital measures and objectives include those related to employee headcount. During 2024, we saw a decrease in voluntary turnover year-on-year in all parts of the organization. Our retention rate for our managers, brokers, salespeople, and other revenue-generating personnel improved measurably compared with 2023, reflecting industry trends and the strong retention incentives for our talent. 
We continue to invest in the business by adding high profile and talented producers and other revenue-generating professionals. In 2024, we continued to expand our presence in the U.K. as well as in Europe, including launching brokerage businesses in France and Germany. 
From a human capital perspective, we have made some key management hires in 2024 and expect them to be continued areas of growth in the future.
From time to time, we engage in cost-savings initiatives, including reducing the number of employees to improve margins. We are also focused on driving margin expansion through the use of technology to improve our workforce’s productivity and rationalizing our cost structure to drive increased efficiencies and through the use of nearshoring and offshoring where appropriate. As an example of the latter, our India offshoring operation now consists of nearly 800 employees in 2024, compared with over 510 in 2023.
Human Capital and Social Policies and Practices. 
We are committed to our people, our stockholders and the community as a whole. We have a variety of programs to incentivize and support our employees, from employee ownership to comprehensive benefits and training. We are also committed to equal employment opportunity, and other policies and practices designed to fulfill our commitment to social and human capital development.
Attracting and Retaining the Best Talent
. 
Our success depends on our ability to attract and retain talented, productive and skilled employees to transact with our clients in a challenging and regulated environment that is experiencing ever-increasing competition for talent. We are investing in fostering an inclusive and incentivized work environment where our people can deliver their best work every day. In 2021 and in 2024, we were named by GlobeSt.com as one of commercial real estate’s “Best Places to Work.” Newmark was ranked #1 on LinkedIn’s 2022 “Top Companies in Real Estate” list, which ranks the top 25 companies at which to grow a career in the industry.
22
Safe, Empowering, and Flexible Work Environment
. 
We recognize that the health and well-being of our employees is fundamentally linked to the success of our organization. We have implemented significant measures to create a safe work environment. In addition to ensuring our offices meet applicable state and local regulatory standards, Newmark maintains a comprehensive Health and Safety Manual that guides our policies and procedures in compliance with federal standards enforced by the Occupational Safety and Health Administration. Our employees receive safety awareness training via Newmark’s online safety training platform, providing access to over 1,000 courses across three safety catalogs. We are committed to a culture that is built around the evolving needs of our talented workforce, promoting safety, empowerment, and flexibility. As part of this commitment, we proudly offer a comprehensive benefits package crafted to enhance our culture and support the success of our employees, both at work and home. To facilitate the retention of our employees, we also provide additional benefits, including a 401(k) match.
Performance-Based and Highly Retentive Compensation Structure. 
Virtually all of our key executives and producers have equity or partnership stakes in the Company and its subsidiaries. Generally, they receive deferred equity, 
limited partnership units or RSUs as part of their compensation. As of December 31, 2024, our employees and independent contractors, partners, executive officers and directors owned approximately 29% of our equity on a fully diluted basis. We issue limited partnership units and other forms of equity-based compensation, such as RSUs, which
: 
•
Provide liquidity to our partners and employees over time;
•
Align the interests of our partners and employees and management with those of common stockholders;
•
Help motivate and retain key partners and employees; and
•
Encourage a collaborative culture that drives cross-selling and growth.
The non-exchangeable partnership units held by our partners are subject to forfeiture (such as if the non-compete, confidentiality or non-solicit provisions of the Newmark Holdings limited partnership agreement are violated), and unvested restricted stock units are subject to service conditions that must be met in order for them to vest into shares of Newmark common stock. In addition, any partnership amounts paid following termination of service generally are paid over a number of years to ensure compliance with partner obligations. This compensation structure has proven to be highly retentive, and since 2015, we have retained approximately 93% of our top-performing producers. 
W
e also enter into various agreements with certain of our employees and partners. Many of these individuals receive loans that may be either wholly or in part repaid from the proceeds of sales of the employees’ shares of our Class A common stock or distribution earnings that the individual receives on some or all of their limited partnership units, or that may be forgiven over a period of time. These loans provide incentives and promote entrepreneurship, retention and long-term engagement.
Compensation Recovery/Clawback Policy. 
The Company has adopted a compensation recovery (“clawback”) policy for its executive officers effective as of December 1, 2023, with retroactive applicability to October 2, 2023. The policy applies to compensation received by the company’s executive officers that results from the attainment of a financial reporting measure based on or derived from financial information (“Incentive-Based Compensation”). The policy provides for the recovery of Incentive-Based Compensation received by a covered person in the event of an accounting restatement due to material noncompliance with financial reporting requirements that is in excess of the Incentive-Based Compensation that such person would have received based upon the restated financial reporting measure. The policy only applies to Incentive-Based Compensation and does not apply to compensation that is purely discretionary or purely based on subjective goals or goals unrelated to financial reporting measures. 
Equal Employment Opportunity. 
We are committed to equal employment opportunity, and other policies and practices that seek to further our development of a productive and inclusive workplace. We consider all qualified applicants for job openings and promotions without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin or ancestry, age, disability, service in the armed forces, or any other protected characteristic. We continue to develop initiatives to support these values. 
Fairness in Pay.
 We are dedicated to our efforts to achieve pay fairness. Our promotion and compensation processes are designed to enable us to treat employees fairly with respect to pay and opportunity and our compensation decisions are differentiated based on performance.
Talent remains at the core of who we are as a company, and we remain committed to having a culture built around fairness, equal employment opportunity and inclusion and developing a talented workforce with a range of backgrounds and experiences, including through our active participation in various initiatives. We also participate in job fairs and job boards that 
23
are focused on reaching a broad applicant pool of qualified applicants with a range of backgrounds, perspectives, and experiences. 
Employee Engagement, Communication, Career Management and Training and Development
. 
We invest in our employees’ long-term development and engagement by delivering training and development programs and a culture where our people can thrive and maximize their potential. We require mandatory annual training in workplace respect and inclusion on various topics including, anti-money laundering, and anti-crime, global sanctions, ethics, cybersecurity and anti-harassment and anti-discrimination among other topics. We also provide or support periodic job-specific and other developmental training and support for our employees so they can maximize their potential, as well as tuition reimbursement programs to eligible employees.
We provide virtual and in-person leadership training to managers on topics, including management effectiveness, communication skills, interview skills, writing and delivering effective performance evaluations, and other topics. This training is supplemented by a comprehensive library of on-line training courses that managers and employees may access. Finally, our individual business lines offer ongoing learning and development opportunities tied to deepening the subject matter expertise of their professionals.
Our success depends on employees understanding how their work and engagement contribute to our strategy, culture, values and regulatory environment. We use various channels to facilitate open and direct communication, including internal calls and meetings with employees, training and policy updates, and our social outings and events.
Succession Planning and Retention
. 
From time to time, the Board discusses succession planning, including our consideration of succession strategy, the impact of any potential absence due to illness or leave of certain key executive officers or employees, as well as competing demands on the time of certain of our executive officers who also provide services to Cantor, BGC and its consolidated subsidiaries, and various other ventures and investments sponsored by Cantor. Our Board also discusses from time to time, as part of its succession planning, engagement and encouragement of future business leaders and the process of introducing directors to leaders in our business lines,
 including discussing business strategies and challenges with our existing senior business leaders.
 The Board may also discuss short-term succession in the event that certain of the senior executive officers should, on an interim or unexpected basis, become temporarily unable to fulfill their duties. The Board also considers hiring and retention of leaders required for the changing business landscape and to lead future business lines. Such individuals could include internal and external candidates. Additionally, we have implemented identification and tracking of candidates with a range of backgrounds and experience as part of our succession planning efforts. 
Our succession discussions were particularly relevant in 2024 as, in November 2024, Mr. Lutnick, our Executive Chairman, was nominated as the 41st U.S. Secretary of Commerce. Mr. Lutnick was confirmed by the U.S. Senate on February 18, 2025 and stepped down from all of his positions with Newmark and as Chairman of the Board. Our Board has elected Mr. Kyle Lutnick and Mr. Stephen M. Merkel, our Chief Legal Officer, to join our Board of Directors and Mr. Merkel to serve as Chairman of the Board. Mr. Gosin will take on additional responsibilities with our operating companies and will serve as our Principal Executive Officer. See “Recent Board of Directors and Executive Officers Changes.” 
We 
have taken strong steps to ensure the retention of our executive officers, including Messrs. Gosin and Rispoli, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, respectively. The employment agreement entered into with Mr. Gosin on February 10, 2023 and the employment agreement entered into with Mr. Rispoli on September 29, 2022, each provide strong incentives for our key executive officers to continue providing their services to the Company. The high proportion of equity-based compensation in Messrs. Gosin and Rispoli’s respective employment agreements further align their interests with those of our stockholders. In February 2025, Mr. Merkel also entered into a change of control agreement to facilitate continuous service during any change in control. 
Corporate Responsibility, Environmental, Social and Governance and Sustainability. 
We believe our business-focused corporate responsibility and ESG policies and practices support our efforts to be an exemplary corporate citizen, creates sustainable long-term value for Newmark, our stockholders and other stakeholders, our clients and our employees, and helps us mitigate risks, reduce costs, protect brand value, and capitalize on market opportunities. As Newmark continues to expand globally, we expect that our ESG programs will add value and enhance the sustainable business solutions for our clients and positively impact the communities in which our clients and we operate.
Our Board-level ESG Committee provides oversight with respect to our ESG policies and practices. The ESG Committee charter may be found on our website at 
www.nmrk.com/esg/governance
 under the heading “Environmental, Social and Governance Committee Charter.” With the Board’s and the ESG Committee’s oversight, we are embedding social and human 
24
capital, employment, environmental, sustainability, charitable and corporate governance policies and practices into our corporate strategy, compensation, disclosure, and goals to maintain and advance long-term value for our investors.
Newmark supports sustainable business practices and is focused on taking the steps necessary to continue developing our sustainability program internally and further develop the sustainability-related services we offer our clients. We retained a nationally certified women-owned firm to assist our leadership in this endeavor. We also established an ESG Executive Committee, comprised of key Company executives and other senior leaders, to provide direction for Newmark’s ESG and sustainability progress and initiatives. Their results include:
•
The publication of our first Corporate Responsibility Report in 2023 and expected publication of our second report this spring;
•
Prioritization of industry-relevant ESG topics to guide our actions, informed by management, market, employee and investor interests and ESG standards;
•
Engagement on ESG topics to meet business and client objectives; and
•
Recognition as a Green Lease Leader from the Department of Energy and Institute for Market Transformation for sustainability and green lease guidance used internally and shared with clients.
Our Environmental Focus, Workplace Strategies and Sustainable Business Practices
. We are focused on the environment and recognize the importance of treating our natural resources with respect so that they are available to future generations. Building operations have a significant impact on the environment, and as technology continues to place greater demands on building systems for power and cooling, energy consumption is expected to continue to rise at an unsustainable rate. As one of the largest global commercial real estate service providers, we believe it is our responsibility to improve energy efficiency and reduce energy consumption to protect the environment through continuous improvement of building practices. Newmark has a public-facing Environmental Policy that highlights our strategies toward reducing resource consumption, assessing performance through utility data collection and upholding stakeholder interests around environmental performance. We understand that sustainable buildings provide a better work environment, increase building efficiency, and reduce the environmental impact of building operations, and recognize that this requires continuous improvement in our own spaces and increasingly sophisticated support for our clients.
As a responsible business, we are acutely aware of climate change and other major issues affecting the environment. We also understand the impact commercial real estate can have on the health of the environment. That is why we encourage sustainable building practices and, in our GCS business and property management assignments, recommend strategies to clients to maximize energy efficiency, recycle materials and limit waste. These goals apply to Newmark’s offices as well as to the work we do for our clients, whether in selecting a location, building out space or managing an asset. Newmark’s property, facilities and energy/sustainability management teams work internally and with clients to reduce energy demand and carbon emissions. Newmark is increasingly collecting and measuring environmental data and this data is used to build client strategies around energy efficiency and renewable energy supply initiatives. 
We are taking steps to minimize the environmental impact and carbon footprint of our corporate offices. We have updated our site selection guidelines to prioritize more energy efficient and sustainably managed spaces. We also updated our energy efficiency policy, our interior fit-out standards and our waste reduction policy. We continue to explore strategies for reducing our greenhouse gas emissions, increasing use of renewable energy, conserving water, and reducing waste. Newmark is working with the owners and property management teams that oversee the buildings we occupy to collect accurate and actionable energy data. As this data becomes more available, Newmark plans to implement energy efficiency initiatives where possible that will help lower our overall carbon footprint. We are also investigating the purchase of renewable energy supply where possible in deregulated energy markets. For all newly leased space for Newmark, we generally consider green lease options and strive to build and operate a sustainable workplace. Newmark occupies over a dozen buildings that are LEED certified and over 30 that are Energy Star certified. For example, our New York City headquarters at 125 Park Avenue is in a building that has received U.S. Green Building Council LEED Gold certification and is also Energy Star certified.
Environmental Policy and Energy and Sustainable Service Reference Guide
. We have a policy with respect to the responsible environmental management of our operations. We are creating a baseline to understand and minimize the impact that our business has on the environment and are actively searching for ways to reduce our footprint. We are pursuing traditional, as well as new and innovative, methods to achieve our goals.
Further information on our policy can be found on our website at 
www.nmrk.com/esg/environmental
 under the heading “Environmental Policy.”
25
Energy and sustainability are growing areas of focus for our clients and client services. Since 2017, Newmark’s Energy and Sustainability Services team has led energy management initiatives for Newmark clients. The team partners with clients to help identify, develop and manage green building investments, pursue Energy Star certifications, manage their greenhouse gas emissions inventory, and establish long-term energy conservation measures to help meet their corporate decarbonization and net zero emissions goals. The team utilizes a cloud-based Energy Intelligence Platform that empowers clients with access to their utility data, offers facility utility bill payment services and manages third-party procurement contracts, which it integrates with Energy Star reporting. To support our services, we have also developed an Energy and Sustainability Services Reference Guide, available at 
www.nmrk.com/storage-nmrk/uploads/documents/Newmark-Energy-and-Sustainability-Services-Guide_2023.pdf, 
which assists clients and property teams in reducing the environmental impact of property operations, maintenance and construction associated with real estate assets.
For more information about our policies and these initiatives and services provided to clients and within our own facilities as they evolve, please refer to our website at 
www.nmrk.com/esg.
Newmark annually publishes further details on our policies and programs in a Corporate Responsibility Report including employee resources, learning and development programs and supplier and vendor practices. You may also find our Corporate Governance Guidelines, Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, the charters of the committees of our Board of Directors, Policy Statement on Hedging information about our charitable initiatives and other sustainability and ESG policies and practices on our website. The information contained in such report and on, or accessed through, our website, is not part of, and not incorporated into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
OUR ORGANIZATIONAL STRUCTURE 
Current Organizational Structure 
Dual Class Equity Structure of Newmark Group, Inc.

We have a dual class equity structure, consisting of shares of Newmark Class A common stock and Newmark Class B common stock. We expect to retain and have no plans to change our dual class structure.
Newmark Class A common stock.

Each share of Newmark Class A common stock is generally entitled to one vote on matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders. As of December 31, 2024, there were 224,490,246

shares of Newmark Class A common stock issued and 149,506,832 shares outstanding. As of December 31, 2024, Cantor and CFGM held no shares of Newmark Class A common stock. See “—Partnership Exchange Rights into Newmark Class A and Class B Common Stock,” below, for a discussion of developments after December 31, 2024.
Newmark Class B common stock.

Each share of Newmark Class B common stock is generally entitled to the same rights as a share of Newmark Class A common stock, except that, on matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders, each share of Newmark Class B common stock is entitled to 10 votes. The Newmark Class B common stock generally votes together with the Newmark Class A common stock on all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders. As of December 31, 2024, Cantor and CFGM held 21,285,533 shares of Newmark Class B common stock, representing all of the outstanding shares of Newmark Class B common stock and approximately 58.8%

of our total voting power. 
Shares of Newmark Class B common stock are convertible into shares of Newmark Class A common stock at any time in the discretion of the holder on a one-for-one basis. Accordingly, if Cantor and CFGM had converted all of their shares of Newmark Class B common stock into shares of Newmark Class A common stock as of December 31, 2024, they would have collectively held 12.5% of the voting power in Newmark and the other stockholders of Newmark would have held 87.5% of the voting power in Newmark (and the indirect economic interests in Newmark OpCo would remain unchanged). In addition, if as of December 31, 2024 (1) Cantor and CFGM continued to hold shares of Newmark Class B common stock and (2) Cantor exchanged all of the 25,750,090 Newmark Holdings exchangeable limited partnership units then held by Cantor for shares of Newmark Class B common stock, Cantor and CFGM would have held

76.6% of the voting power in Newmark, and the stockholders of Newmark other than Cantor and CFGM would have held 23.4% of the voting power in Newmark.
Cantor has pledged 5,000,000 shares of Class B common stock held by it to Bank of America, N.A. in connection with certain partner loans. There are no circumstances under which the holders of Newmark Class B common stock would be required to convert their shares of Newmark Class B common stock into shares of Newmark Class A common stock, absent the exercise of the pledge in the event of foreclosure. Our Certificate of Incorporation does not provide for automatic conversion of shares of Newmark Class B common stock into shares of Newmark Class A common stock upon the occurrence of any event.
26
Partnership Structure of Newmark Holdings and Newmark OpCo.

At Newmark Group, Inc., we are a holding company that holds partnership interests as described below, serves as the general partner of Newmark Holdings and, through Newmark Holdings, acts as the general partner of Newmark OpCo. As a result of our ownership of the general partnership interest in Newmark Holdings and Newmark Holdings’ general partnership interest in Newmark OpCo, we consolidate Newmark OpCo’s results for financial reporting purposes. 
We hold the Newmark Holdings general partnership interest and the Newmark Holdings special voting limited partnership interest, which entitle us to remove and appoint the general partner of Newmark Holdings and serve as the general partner of Newmark Holdings, which entitles us to control Newmark Holdings. Newmark Holdings, in turn, holds the Newmark OpCo general partnership interest and the Newmark OpCo special voting limited partnership interest, which entitle Newmark Holdings to remove and appoint the general partner of Newmark OpCo, and serve as the general partner of Newmark OpCo, which entitles Newmark Holdings (and thereby us) to control Newmark OpCo. In addition, as of December 31, 2024, we directly held Newmark OpCo limited partnership interests consisting of approximately 173,965,102 units, representing approximately 69.2% of the outstanding Newmark OpCo limited partnership interests.
Cantor, founding partners, working partners and limited partnership unit holders directly hold Newmark Holdings limited partnership interests. Newmark Holdings, in turn, holds Newmark OpCo limited partnership interests and, as a result, Cantor, founding partners, working partners and limited partnership unit holders indirectly have interests in Newmark OpCo limited partnership interests.
The Newmark Holdings limited partnership interests are held and designated as follows:
•
Newmark Holdings limited partnership interests held by Cantor and CFGM are designated as Newmark Holdings exchangeable limited partnership interests;
•
Newmark Holdings limited partnership interests held by the founding partners are designated as Newmark Holdings founding partner interests;
•
Newmark Holdings limited partnership interests held by working partners are designated as Newmark Holdings working partner interests; and
•
Newmark Holdings limited partnership interests held by limited partnership unit holders are designated as limited partnership units.
Partnership Exchange Rights into Newmark Class A and Class B Common Stock.

Each Newmark Holdings limited partnership interest held by Cantor and CFGM is generally exchangeable with us for a number of shares of Newmark Class B common stock (or, at Cantor’s option or if there are no additional authorized but unissued shares of Newmark Class B common stock, a number of shares of Newmark Class A common stock) equal to the Exchange Ratio.
As of December 31, 2024, 2,113,360

founding/working partner interests were outstanding. These founding/working partner interests were issued in the Separation to holders of BGC Holdings founding/working partner interests, who received such founding/working partner interests in connection with BGC Partners’ acquisition of the BGC Partners business from Cantor in 2008. The Newmark Holdings limited partnership interests held by founding/working partners are not exchangeable with us unless (1) Cantor acquires Cantor Units from Newmark Holdings upon termination or bankruptcy of the founding/working partners or redemption of their units by Newmark Holdings (which it has the right to do under certain circumstances), in which case such interests will be exchangeable with us for shares of Newmark Class A common stock or Newmark Class B common stock as described above, or (2) Cantor determines that such interests can be exchanged by such founding/working partners with us for Newmark Class A common stock, with each Newmark Holdings unit exchangeable for a number of shares of Newmark Class A common stock equal to the exchange ratio (which was initially one, but is subject to adjustment as set forth in the Separation and Distribution Agreement), on terms and conditions to be determined by Cantor (which exchange of certain interests Cantor expects to permit from time to time). Cantor has provided that certain founding/working partner interests are exchangeable with us for Class A common stock, with each Newmark Holdings unit exchangeable for a number of shares of Newmark Class A common stock equal to the exchange ratio (which was initially one, but is subject to adjustment as set forth in the Separation and Distribution Agreement), in accordance with the terms of the Newmark Holdings limited partnership agreement. Once a Newmark Holdings founding/working partner interest becomes exchangeable, such founding/working partner interest is automatically exchanged upon a termination or bankruptcy with us for Newmark Class A common stock.
We also provide exchangeability for partnership units into Newmark Class A common stock in connection with (1) our partnership redemption, compensation and restructuring programs, (2) other incentive compensation arrangements and (3) business combination transactions.
27
As of December 31, 2024, 77,251,954

limited partnership units were outstanding (including founding/working partner interests and working partner interests, and units held by Cantor). Limited partnership units will be only exchangeable with us in accordance with the terms and conditions of the grant of such units, which terms and conditions are determined in our sole discretion, as the Newmark Holdings general partner, with the consent of the Newmark Holdings exchangeable limited partnership interest majority in interest, in accordance with the terms of the Newmark Holdings limited partnership agreement.
The exchange ratio between Newmark Holdings limited partnership interests and Newmark Class A or Class B common stock was initially one. However, this exchange ratio will be adjusted in accordance with the terms of the Separation and Distribution Agreement if our dividend policy and the distribution policy of Newmark Holdings are different. As of December 31, 2024, the exchange ratio was 0.9279.
As of December 31, 2024, Cantor was obligated to distribute 7,221,277 shares of Class A common stock to certain current and former partners of Cantor to satisfy certain deferred stock distribution obligations provided to such partners (i) on April 1, 2008, and (ii) on February 14, 2012 in connection with Cantor’s payment of previous quarterly partnership distributions. Certain Cantor partners had elected to receive their distributed shares in 2008 and 2012, respectively, and others had elected to defer receipt of their shares until a future date.
On February 18, 2025, Cantor exercised exchange rights with respect to 7,782,387 exchangeable limited partnership interests held by it, at the then-current Exchange Ratio of 0.9279, for 7,221,277 shares of Class A common stock, which Newmark issued to Cantor in reliance on the exemption from registration under the Securities Act provided by Section 4(a)(2) thereof for transactions not involving a public offering, and then immediately delivered those 7,221,277 shares of Class A Common Stock to those certain current and former Cantor partners in satisfaction of all its remaining distribution rights obligations to them. After this event, Cantor held 19,787,703 limited partnership interests, 69,469,567 limited partnership units were outstanding, and 159,223,231 shares of Class A common stock were outstanding. This issuance will not change the fully diluted number of shares outstanding.
With each exchange, our direct and indirect interest in Newmark OpCo will proportionately increase because, immediately following an exchange, Newmark Holdings will redeem the Newmark Holdings unit so acquired for the Newmark OpCo limited partnership interest underlying such Newmark Holdings unit.
Allocation of Profits and Losses. 
The profit and loss of Newmark OpCo are allocated to Newmark Holdings and Newmark Group based on the total number of Newmark OpCo units held by each of those entries outstanding.
Ownership Structure. 
The following diagram illustrates the ownership structure of Newmark as of December 31, 2024. The diagram does not reflect the various subsidiaries of Newmark, Newmark OpCo or Cantor (including certain operating subsidiaries that are organized as corporations whose equity is either wholly-owned by Newmark or whose equity is majority-owned by Newmark with the remainder owned by Newmark OpCo) or the results of any exchange of Newmark Holdings exchangeable limited partnership interests or, to the extent applicable, Newmark Holdings founding partner interests, Newmark Holdings working partner interests or Newmark Holdings limited partnership units. 
28
STRUCTURE OF NEWMARK AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2024
(1) Excludes unrestricted Class A common stock owned by employees. 
(2) Cantor includes Cantor Fitzgerald, L.P. and CFGM. Cantor Fitzgerald, L.P. has 12.3% of the economics and 57.8% of the voting power in Newmark Group, Inc. CFGM has 0.2% of the economics and 1.0% of the voting power in Newmark Group, Inc.
29
The diagram reflects the following activity in Newmark Class A common stock and Newmark Holdings partnership unit activity from January 1, 2024 through December 31, 2024: (a) an aggregate of 16,017,135 limited partnership units granted by Newmark Holdings; (b) 17,729,096 shares of Newmark Class A common stock repurchased by us; (c) 863,722 limited partnership interests purchased by us; (d) 257,378 shares of Newmark Class A common stock forfeited; (e) 2,399,349 shares of Newmark Class A common stock issued for vested restricted stock units; (f) 486,987 shares of Newmark Class A common stock issued by us under our acquisition shelf Registration Statement on Form S-4 (Registration No. 333-231616), but not the 17,318,904 of such shares remaining available for issuance by us under such Registration Statement; (g) 12,831 shares of Class A common stock issued to Cantor in exchange for 13,861 exchangeable limited partnership interests; and (h) 481,570 terminated limited partnership units.
WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION
We file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. These filings are also available to the public from the SEC’s website at 
www.sec.gov
.
Our website address is 
www.nmrk.com
. Through our website, we make available, free of charge, the following documents as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC: our Annual Reports on Form 10-K; our proxy statements for our annual and special stockholder meetings; our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q; our Current Reports on Form 8-K; Forms 3, 4 and 5 and Schedules 13D filed on behalf of Cantor, CFGM, our directors and our executive officers; and amendments to those documents. Our website also contains additional information with respect to our financial results, business, and industry. Investors can sign up for email alerts informing them of when certain new information is posted to the investor relations portion of our website by navigating to 
ir.nmrk.com/resources/investor-email-alerts
. The information contained on, or that may be accessed through, our website is not part of, and is not incorporated into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K.