Item 3.    Legal Proceedings
We currently are not a party to any material legal proceedings. 
Item 4.    Mine Safety Disclosures
Not applicable. 
66
Table of 
Contents
PART II 
Item 5.    Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchase of Equity Securities.
Market Information 
Our common stock trades on the Nasdaq Stock Market under the symbol “MDGL.” 
Holders 
As of December 31, 2024, there were approximately 23 holders of record of our common stock. This number does not include “street name” or beneficial holders, whose shares are held of record by banks, brokers, financial institutions and other nominees. In addition, we had two holders of record who owned shares of our Series A Convertible Preferred Stock and Series B Convertible Preferred Stock and three holders of our pre-funded warrants. 
Dividends 
We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock. We currently intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings to fund the development and expansion of our business, and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination to pay cash dividends will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our financial condition, results of operations, contractual restrictions, capital requirements, and other factors that our board of directors deems relevant. 
Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans
The information required by Item 5 of Form 10-K regarding equity compensation plans is incorporated herein by reference to Item 12 of Part III of this Annual Report.
Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers
We did not purchase any of our registered equity during the period covered by this Annual Report.
Unregistered Sales of Securities
During the year ended December 31, 2024, we did not issue or sell any unregistered securities.
Stock Performance Graph
The graph set forth below compares the cumulative total stockholder return on our common stock between December 31, 2019 and December 31, 2024, with the cumulative total return of (a) the Nasdaq Biotechnology Index and (b) the Nasdaq Composite Index, over the same period. This graph assumes the investment of $100 on December 31, 2019 in our common stock, the Nasdaq Biotechnology Index and the Nasdaq Composite Index and assumes the reinvestment of dividends, if any. 
67
Table of 
Contents
The comparisons shown in the graph below are based upon historical data. We caution that the stock price performance shown in the graph below is not necessarily indicative of, nor is it intended to forecast, the potential future performance of our common stock. 
The above Stock Performance Graph and related information shall not be deemed to be “soliciting material” or to be “filed” with the Securities and Exchange Commission, nor shall such information be incorporated by reference into any future filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or Securities Exchange Act of 1934, each as amended, except to the extent that we specifically request that such information be treated as soliciting material or specifically incorporate it by reference into a filing. 
Item 6.    [Reserved]
68
Table of 
Contents
Item 7.    Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.
The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this “Annual Report”). This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. As a result of many factors, such as those set forth under the sections titled “Risk Factors,” “Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” and elsewhere herein, our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements.
Executive Overview
We are a biopharmaceutical company focused on delivering novel therapeutics for metabolic dysfunction-associated steatohepatitis (“MASH”), a serious liver disease with high unmet medical need that can lead to cirrhosis, liver failure and premature mortality. MASH is expected to become the leading cause of liver transplantation in the United States and is already the leading cause of liver transplantation among women in the United States. Our medication, Rezdiffra (resmetirom), is a once-daily, oral, liver-directed THR-β agonist designed to target key underlying causes of MASH. In March 2024, Rezdiffra became the first and only therapy approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (the “FDA”) for patients with MASH and was commercially available in the United States beginning in April 2024. Rezdiffra is indicated in conjunction with diet and exercise for the treatment of adults with noncirrhotic MASH with moderate to advanced liver fibrosis (consistent with stages F2 to F3 fibrosis). 
See “Part I,