Item 2.   
Properties

We own or lease facilities located primarily in the geographies listed below. We believe our properties are generally in good condition, are well maintained and are generally suitable and adequate to carry out our business at expected capacity for the foreseeable future. 

As of September 27, 2025, the approximate square footage of our active manufacturing facilities by region was as follows:
Approximate
Square Footage
Americas
5,615,766 
APAC
4,277,270 
EMEA
1,548,274 
Total
11,441,310 
As of September 27, 2025, our active manufacturing facilities consist of nine million square feet in facilities that we own and two million square feet in leased facilities with lease terms expiring between 2026 and 2042.
Certifications and Registrations. 
Certifications and registrations under industry standards are important to our business because many customers rely on them to confirm our adherence to manufacturing process and quality standards. Certain markets, such as telecommunications, medical, defense, aerospace, automotive and oil and gas, require adherence to industry-specific standards. Substantially all of our manufacturing facilities are certified to ISO 9001:2015, a standard published by the International Organization for Standardization. As part of the ISO 9001:2015 certification process, we have a highly developed quality management system and continually improve its effectiveness in accordance with its requirements. We use this certification to demonstrate our ability to consistently provide product that meets customer and applicable regulatory requirements and enhance customer satisfaction through its effective application.
In addition to ISO 9001:2015, many of our facilities are TL 9000 6.3 certified. The TL 9000 quality system requirements and quality system metrics are designed specifically for the telecommunications industry to promote consistency and efficiency, reduce redundancy and improve customer satisfaction. Included in the TL 9000 system are performance-based metrics that quantify reliability and quality performance of the product. The majority of our facilities are also compliant with the standards set by Underwriters Laboratories. These standards define requirements for quality, manufacturing process control and manufacturing documentation and are required by many OEMs in the communications sector of the electronics industry.
For our medical systems businesses, we have identified certain manufacturing facilities to be centers of excellence for medical products manufacturing. These facilities are ISO 13485:2016 certified and, where appropriate, FDA registered and MDSAP certified. All such facilities are fully compliant with the FDA’s quality systems regulations.
Our SCI subsidiary’s defense and aerospace operations are headquartered in Huntsville, Alabama in a facility dedicated to meeting the specialized needs of our defense and aerospace customers. These operations are AS9100 Rev D certified and maintain other certifications in accordance with various U.S. military specifications, ANSI and other standards as appropriate for defense and aerospace suppliers. Other selected operations around the world are also AS9100 Rev. D certified.
Our automotive facilities are strategically located worldwide. Substantially all of our automotive facilities are certified to IATF16949:2016, the automotive industry standard.
Our oil and gas related manufacturing operations are, as applicable, certified to American Petroleum Institute requirements.
Other certifications and registrations are obtained and maintained at our sites in accordance with specific customer requirements.