Item 1A. Risk Factors,” such as risks related to our need to raise additional funding, fluctuation of our quarterly financial results, and our ability to obtain and maintain regulatory approvals.

Comprehensive tax reform legislation could adversely affect our business and financial condition.

Recent changes or future changes in tax law may adversely affect our business or financial condition. On December 22, 2017, the Tax Act was signed into law. The Tax Act, as amended by the CARES Act, among other things, contains significant changes to corporate taxation, including the reduction of the corporate tax rate from a top marginal rate of 35% to a flat rate of 21% and, for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2020, the limitation of the deduction for net operating losses to 80% of current year taxable income in respect of net operating losses generated during or after 2018. Any federal net operating loss incurred in 2018 and in future years may now be carried forward indefinitely pursuant to the Tax Act, but can no longer be carried back. Similar rules and limitations may apply for state income tax proposes. In addition, beginning in 2022, the Tax Act eliminates the option to deduct research and development expenditures currently and generally requires corporations to capitalize and amortize them over five years (or 15 years for expenditures attributable to foreign research).

In addition to the Tax Act, as part of Congress’ response to the COVID-19 pandemic, economic relief legislation was enacted in 2020 and 2021 containing tax provisions, including the CARES Act and the Inflation Reduction Act, or the IRA, which was signed into law in August 2022, introduced a number of new tax provisions. The IRA in particular includes a one percent excise tax imposed on certain stock repurchases by publicly traded companies, which generally applies to any acquisition of stock by the publicly traded company (or certain of its affiliates) from a stockholder of the company in exchange for money or other property (other than stock of the company itself), subject to a de minimis exception. Thus, the excise tax could apply to certain transactions that are not traditional stock repurchases. Regulatory guidance under the Tax Act and such additional legislation is and continues to be forthcoming, and such guidance could ultimately increase or lessen the impact of these laws on our business and financial condition. Additional tax legislation may also be enacted in the future, which could have an impact on us. In addition, it is uncertain if and to what extent various states will conform to the Tax Act and additional tax legislation.

Unstable market and economic conditions may have serious adverse consequences on our business, financial condition and stock price.

Global credit and financial markets have experienced extreme volatility and disruptions in the past several years, including severely diminished liquidity and credit availability, declines in consumer confidence, declines in economic growth, increases in unemployment rates and uncertainty about economic stability, disruptions impacting global supply, the conflict between Russia and Ukraine and related sanctions against Russia, increasing inflation rates and interest rate changes. There can be no assurance that further deterioration in credit and financial markets and confidence in economic conditions will not occur. Our general business strategy may be adversely affected by any such economic downturn, volatile business environment or continued unpredictable and unstable market conditions. If the current equity and credit markets deteriorate, or do not improve, it may make any necessary debt or equity financing more difficult, more costly, and more dilutive. Furthermore, our stock price may decline due in part to the volatility of the stock market and the general economic downturn.

Failure to secure any necessary financing in a timely manner and on favorable terms could have a material adverse effect on our growth strategy, financial performance and stock price and could require us to delay, scale back or discontinue the development and commercialization of one or more of our product candidates or delay our pursuit of potential in-licenses or acquisitions. In addition, there is a risk that one or more of our current service providers, manufacturers and other partners may not survive these difficult economic times, which could directly affect our ability to attain our operating goals.

If securities analysts do not publish research or reports about our business or if they publish negative evaluations of our stock, the price of our stock could decline.

The trading market for our common stock relies in part on the research and reports that industry or financial analysts publish about us or our business. If one or more of these analysts ceases coverage of our company or fails to publish reports on us regularly, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. Moreover, if any of the analysts who cover us issue an adverse or misleading opinion regarding us, our business model or our stock performance, or if our operating results fail to meet the expectations of the investor community, one or more of the analysts who cover our company may change their recommendations regarding our company, and our stock price could decline.

105

Our internal computer systems, or those of our third-party vendors, collaborators or other contractors or consultants, may fail or suffer security breaches, which could result in a material disruption of our product development programs, compromise sensitive information related to our business or prevent us from accessing critical information, potentially exposing us to liability or otherwise adversely affecting our business.

Our internal computer systems and those of our current and any future third-party vendors, collaborators and other contractors or consultants are vulnerable to damage or interruption from computer viruses, computer hackers, malicious code, employee theft or misuse, denial-of-service attacks, sophisticated nation-state and nation-state-supported actors, unauthorized access, natural disasters, terrorism, war and telecommunication and electrical failures. While we seek to protect our information technology systems from system failure, accident and security breach through our information security program and relevant contractual agreements with our business partners, if such an event were to occur and cause interruptions in our operations, it could result in a disruption of our development programs and our business operations, whether due to a loss of our trade secrets or other proprietary information or other disruptions, including the possible loss of personal data. For example, the loss of clinical trial data from future clinical trials could result in delays in our regulatory approval efforts and significantly increase our costs to recover or reproduce the data, as well as subject us to obligations and risks related to the potential loss of personal data. If we were to experience a significant cybersecurity breach of our information systems or data, the costs associated with the investigation, remediation and potential notification of the breach to counterparties and data subjects could be material, in addition to potential costs related to regulatory investigations in the United States or other countries. In addition, our remediation efforts may not be successful. If we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build and sustain the proper technology and cybersecurity infrastructure, we could suffer significant business disruption, including transaction errors, supply chain or manufacturing interruptions, processing inefficiencies, data loss or the loss of or damage to intellectual property or other proprietary information.

To the extent that any disruption or security breach were to result in a loss of, or damage to, our or our third-party vendors’, collaborators’ or other contractors’ or consultants’ data or applications, or inappropriate disclosure of confidential or proprietary information, we could incur liability including litigation exposure, penalties and fines, we could become the subject of regulatory action or investigation, our competitive position could be harmed and the further development and commercialization of our product candidates could be delayed. Any of the above could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects.

Artificial intelligence presents risks and challenges that can impact our business including by posing security risks to our confidential information, proprietary information, and personal data.

Issues in the development and use of artificial intelligence, combined with an uncertain regulatory environment, may result in reputational harm, liability, or other adverse consequences to our business operations. As with many technological innovations, artificial intelligence presents risks and challenges that could impact our business. We may adopt and integrate generative artificial intelligence tools into our systems for specific use cases reviewed by legal and information security. Our vendors may incorporate generative artificial intelligence tools into their offerings without disclosing this use to us, and the providers of these generative artificial intelligence tools may not meet existing or rapidly evolving regulatory or industry standards with respect to privacy and data protection and may inhibit our or our vendors’ ability to maintain an adequate level of service and experience. If we, our vendors, or our third-party partners experience an actual or perceived breach or privacy or security incident because of the use of generative artificial intelligence, we may lose valuable intellectual property and confidential information and our reputation and the public perception of the effectiveness of our security measures could be harmed. Further, bad actors around the world use increasingly sophisticated methods, including the use of artificial intelligence, to engage in illegal activities involving the theft and misuse of personal information, confidential information, and intellectual property. Additionally, there are increased rules and regulations governing the use and development of artificial intelligence at the state, federal, and international levels, which creates potential compliance and enforcement risk. These developments could damage our reputation, result in the loss of valuable property and information, and adversely impact our business.

Item 1B. Unresolve
d Staff Comments.

None.

106

Item 1C. Cybersecurity.
We have certain processes for assessing, identifying and managing cybersecurity risks, which are 
built
 into our overall risk management program/information technology function and are designed to help protect our information assets and operations from internal and external cyber threats
, protect employee and clinical trial information from unauthorized access or attack, as well as secure our networks and systems. Such processes include physical, procedural and technical safeguards, response plans, regular tests on our systems, incident simulations and routine review of our policies and procedures to identify risks and enhance our practices. We engage certain external parties, including consultants, independent privacy assessors, computer security firms and risk management, peer companies, industry groups and governance experts, to enhance our cybersecurity oversight. We consider the internal risk 
oversight
 programs of third-party service providers before 
engaging
 them in order to help protect our company from any related vulnerabilities.
Based on an assessment using these processes, we do not believe that there are currently any risks from known cybersecurity threats that are reasonably likely to 
materially affect
 our company or our business strategy, results of operations or financial condition. For additional information, please see the risk factor titled “
Our internal computer systems, or those of our third-party vendors, collaborators or other contractors or consultants, may fail or suffer security breaches, which could result in a material disruption of our product development programs, compromise sensitive information related to our business or prevent us from accessing critical information, potentially exposing us to liability or otherwise adversely affecting our business.” 
under Item 1A., 
Risk factors—General risk factors, 
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
The Audit Committee of our board of directors provides direct oversight over cybersecurity risk, and provides updates to the board of directors regarding such oversight.

The Audit Committee receives updates quarterly from management regarding cybersecurity matters, and is notified between such updates regarding significant new cybersecurity threats or incidents
.
Our Vice President of Information Security
, or the VP, IS, leads the operational oversight of company-wide cybersecurity strategy, policy, standards and processes and works across relevant departments to assess and help prepare us and our employees and third-party service providers to address cybersecurity risks.

The VP, IS’s cybersecurity training includes 25 years of experience building and maintaining cybersecurity programs, and he obtained his certified information systems security professional, or CISSP, certification from the International Information System Security Certification Consortium, or ISC2, and his Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency, or CISA, certification from ISACA.
In an effort to deter and detect cyber threats, we annually provide all employees, including part-time and temporary employees, with a data protection, cybersecurity and incident response and prevention training and compliance program, which covers timely and relevant topics. Past topics have included social engineering, phishing, password protection, confidential data protection, asset use and mobile security, and educate employees on the importance of reporting all incidents immediately.
 We also use technology-based tools to mitigate cybersecurity risks and to bolster our employee-based cybersecurity programs.

Item 2. Pr
operties.

We have leased approximately 130,258 square feet of office and laboratory space in Cambridge, Massachusetts under a lease that expires in 2034. Additionally, we entered into a lease agreement with Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc. pursuant to which we built a 100,000 square foot manufacturing facility in Research Triangle Park, North Carolina intended to support a broad range of clinical programs, which lease expires in 2037. We believe that our facilities are sufficient to meet our current needs and that suitable additional space will be available as and when needed.