ITEM 1.       BUSINESS

ORGANIZATION

Hancock Whitney Corporation (the “Company”) is registered with the Federal Reserve as a bank holding company and has elected to be treated as a financial holding company under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended. The Company provides comprehensive financial services through its bank subsidiary, Hancock Whitney Bank (the “Bank”), a Mississippi state bank, and other nonbank affiliates. Our principal executive offices are located at 2510 14
th
 Street, Gulfport, Mississippi, 39501, and our telephone number is (800) 522-6542. Our common stock trades on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the ticker symbol “HWC.”

At December 31, 2024, our balance sheet totaled $35.1 billion, with loans of $23.3 billion and deposits of $29.5 billion.

NATURE OF BUSINESS AND MARKETS

The Bank offers a broad range of traditional and online banking services to commercial, small business and retail customers, providing a variety of transaction and savings deposit products, treasury management services, secured and unsecured loan products (including revolving credit facilities), letters of credit and similar financial guarantees. The Bank provides trust and investment management services to retirement plans, corporations and individuals and provides its customers access to investment advisory and brokerage products.

We offer other services through bank and nonbank subsidiaries. The Bank’s subsidiaries Hancock Whitney Equipment Finance, LLC and Hancock Whitney Equipment Finance and Leasing, LLC, provide commercial finance products to middle market and corporate clients, including leases and related structures. We have other subsidiaries of the bank for purposes such as facilitating investments in new market tax credit activities and holding certain foreclosed assets. Our holding company’s nonbank subsidiary, Hancock Whitney Investment Services, Inc., provides customers access to fixed annuity and life insurance products, investment advisory services and also participates in select underwriting transactions, primarily for banking clients.

We operate primarily in southern and central Mississippi; southern and central Alabama; northwest, central and southern Louisiana; the northern, central and panhandle regions of Florida; certain areas of east and northeast Texas; and the metropolitan areas of Nashville, Tennessee and Atlanta, Georgia. At December 31, 2024, we had 180 banking locations and 223 ATMs across our footprint. Our operating strategy is to provide customers with the financial sophistication and range of products of a regional bank, while successfully retaining the commercial appeal and level of service of a community bank.

Our priority is to continue to grow revenue in our existing markets with controlled expenses while providing five-star service through enhanced technology and processes that make banking simpler for our clients. We have and will continue to invest in promoting new and enhanced products that contribute to the goals of continuing to diversify our sources of revenue from both new and existing clients. The pending acquisition of Florida-based Sabal Trust Company is expected to expand our trust and asset management business with the addition of their leadership team and clients, including approximately $3 billion in assets under management. Following the close, Florida is expected to become the state that generates the largest portion of our wealth management fees, and the Tampa/St. Petersburg metropolitan area will become our largest individual wealth management fee market. The Sabal Company transaction is expected to close in the second quarter of 2025, pending customary regulatory approval. In addition, we recently announced a multiyear organic growth plan, which includes both hiring additional revenue-generating associates and expanding our footprint in Florida and Texas. We expect to open five additional financial centers in North Dallas in 2025 and are planning additional locations in Florida as we near the completion of the pending Sabal transaction. We added seven new bankers associated with this growth plan in the fourth quarter of 2024, which aligns with our anticipated run rate for 2025, and likely for the foreseeable future. We also continue to evaluate future acquisition opportunities that have the potential to increase shareholder value, provided overall economic conditions and our capital levels would support such a transaction.

Additional information regarding the Company and the Bank is available at 
investors.hancockwhitney.com
.

Loan Production, Underwriting Standards and Credit Review

The Bank’s primary lending focus is to provide commercial, consumer and real estate loans to consumers, small and middle market businesses, and corporate clients in the markets served by the Bank. In addition, and to a lesser degree, the Bank makes loans both regionally and nationally, generally through its specialty lines of business, including the equipment finance, commercial real estate and healthcare segments, often with sponsors in our market areas. We seek to provide quality loan products that are attractive to the borrower and profitable to the Bank. We look to build enduring, profitable client relationships over time and maintain a strong presence and position of influence in the communities we serve. Through our relationship-based approach, we have developed a deep knowledge of our customers and the markets in which they operate. We continually work to provide a consistent lending process across our banking footprint, to strengthen the underwriting criteria we employ to evaluate new loans and loan renewals, and to

6

Table of Contents

diversify our loan portfolio in terms of type, industry and geographical concentration. We believe that these measures position the Bank to meet the credit needs of businesses and consumers in the markets we serve while pursuing a balanced strategy of loan profitability, growth and credit quality.

The following describes the underwriting procedures of the lending function and presents our principal categories of loans. The results of our lending activities and the relative risk of the loan portfolio are discussed in Item 7. “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.”

The Bank has a set of loan policies, underwriting standards and key underwriting functions designed to achieve a consistent lending and credit review approach. Our underwriting standards address the following criteria:

•
collateral requirements; 

•
guarantor requirements (including policies on financial statements, tax returns, and guarantees); 

•
appraisal requirements (and their review); 

•
loan approval hierarchy; 

•
standard consumer and small business credit scoring underwriting criteria (including credit score thresholds, maximum maturity and amortization, loan-to-value limits, global debt service coverage, and debt to income limits); 

•
commercial real estate and commercial and industrial underwriting guidelines (including minimum debt service coverage ratio, maximum amortization, minimum equity requirements, and maximum loan-to-value ratios); 

•
lending limits; and 

•
credit approval authorities.

Additionally, our loan concentration policy sets limits and manages our exposures within specified concentration tolerances, including those to particular borrowers, foreign entities, industries, and property types for commercial real estate. This policy sets standards for portfolio risk management and reporting, monitoring of large borrower concentration limits and systematic tracking of large commercial loans and our portfolio mix. We continually monitor our concentration of commercial real estate, healthcare, shared national credits, leveraged loans and energy-related loans so that the mix is consistent with our risk tolerance. In addition, we also employ enhanced due diligence on select customers, portfolios, industry sectors and concentrations for economic, weather or other risk events to foster alignment between credit risk appetite and concentration risk management. Information related to our loan portfolio concentrations is presented in Table 12, "Commercial and Industrial Loans by Industry Concentration" and Table 13, "Commercial Real Estate-Income Producing and Construction by Property Type Concentration" in Item 7. "Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations."

Our underwriting process is structured to require oversight that is proportional to the size and complexity of the lending relationship. We delegate lending authority primarily to Regional or Senior Commercial Credit Officers and loan credit specialists in our centralized underwriting units, which can be utilized to approve credit commitments for a single borrowing relationship. The limit of delegated authority is based upon the experience, skill and training of the credit officer or loan credit specialist. Minimal loan authority is held by leaders within the originating lines of business and is in place to primarily support limited incremental approvals under specific parameters. Certain types and sizes of loans and relationships must be approved by either one of the Bank’s centralized underwriting units or by Regional or Senior Regional Commercial Credit Officers, either individually or jointly with another member of the Executive Credit Officer group, depending upon the overall size of the borrowing relationship.

Loans are underwritten in accordance with the underwriting standards and loan policies of the Bank. Loans are underwritten primarily on the basis of the borrower’s ability to make timely debt service payments, and secondarily on collateral value. Generally, real estate secured loans and mortgage loans are made when the borrower produces evidence of the ability to make timely debt service payments along with appropriate equity investment in the property. Appropriate and regulatory compliant third-party valuations are required at the time of origination for real estate secured loans.

Loans are assigned internal risk ratings using various processes depending on the type and size of the loan. Internal risk ratings are used in the origination and renewal processes to assess risk on proposed transactions, monitor customer and portfolio quality trends, establish a basis for appropriate pricing, and gauge the degree of attention, servicing and/or monitoring required. Internal risk ratings are updated as new information becomes available as a result of periodic reviews of credit quality, a change in borrower performance or approval of new loan exposure.

7

Table of Contents

The Bank also has an independent credit review team to provide the Board of Directors and Executive Management with an independent review and monitoring system for evaluating the corporation’s credit quality and compliance with external regulations and internal policies, practices, and procedures related to credit risk exposure. The credit review staff assists in the early identification of credit problems and determines that corrective measures are being taken to reduce or avoid potential losses. This includes reviewing the activities of lending personnel to assure timely follow-up and corrective action for loans showing signs of deteriorating financial condition. It also encompasses identifying and making corrective recommendations concerning deficiencies existing in the lending function and contributing toward refinement of the Bank’s loan policies.

The following briefly describes the composition of our loan portfolio by segment:

Commercial and industrial

The Bank offers a variety of commercial loan services to a diversified customer base over a broad range of industries. Commercial and industrial loans are made available to businesses for working capital (including financing of inventory and receivables), for business expansion, to facilitate the acquisition of a business, and for the purchase of equipment and machinery, including equipment leasing, among other items.

Commercial non-real estate loans may be secured by the assets being financed or other tangible or intangible business assets such as accounts receivable, inventory, enterprise value, or commodity interest and may incorporate a personal or corporate guarantee; however, some short-term loans may be made on an unsecured basis, including a relatively small portfolio of corporate credit cards, generally issued as a part of overall customer relationships. Asset-based loans, such as accounts receivable and business inventory secured loans, may have limits on borrowing that are based on the collateral values. Our source of repayment for asset-based loans is generally the conversion of those assets to cash and may be substantially dependent on the ability of the borrower to collect amounts due from its customers.

Commercial real estate – owner occupied loans consist of commercial mortgages on properties where repayment is generally dependent on the cash flow from the ongoing operations and activities of the borrower. Like commercial non-real estate, these loans are primarily made based on the identified cash flows of the borrower, but also have the added strength of the value of underlying real estate collateral.

Commercial real estate – income producing

Commercial real estate – income producing loans consist of loans secured by commercial mortgages on properties where the loan is made to real estate developers or investors and repayment is dependent on the sale, refinance or income generated from the operation of the property. Properties financed include multifamily, retail, healthcare related facilities, industrial, office, hotel/motel and restaurants, and other commercial properties.

Repayment of commercial real estate – income producing loans is generally dependent on the successful operation of the property securing the loan. Commercial real estate loans may be adversely affected by conditions in the real estate markets or in the general economy. The properties securing the commercial real estate – income producing portfolios are diverse in terms of type and geographic location. We monitor and evaluate these loans based on collateral, geography and risk grade criteria. Past experience has shown that commercial real estate conditions can be volatile, particularly during economic downturns, so we actively monitor concentrations within this portfolio segment, among others.

Construction and land development

Construction and land development loans are made to facilitate the acquisition, development, improvement and construction of both commercial and residential-purpose properties. Such loans are generally made to builders and investors where repayment is expected to be made from the sale, refinance or operation of the property or to businesses to be used in their operations.

Acquisition and development loans are underwritten utilizing feasibility studies, independent appraisal reviews, sensitivity analysis of real estate absorption and lease rates, and financial analysis of the developers and property owners. Construction loans are generally based upon cost estimates, the amount of sponsor equity investment, and the projected value of the completed project. The Bank monitors the construction process to mitigate or identify risks as they arise. Construction loans often involve the disbursement of substantial funds with repayment largely dependent on the success of the ultimate project. Sources of repayment for these types of construction loans may be permanent loans from external lenders, sales of developed property, or an interim loan commitment from the Bank until permanent financing is obtained. These loans are typically closely monitored by on-site inspections and are considered to have higher risks than other real estate loans due to their ultimate repayment being sensitive to interest rate changes, governmental regulation of real property, general economic conditions, and the availability of long-term financing to repay the construction loan in full.

8

Table of Contents

Owner occupied loans for the development and improvement of real property to commercial customers to be used in their business operations are underwritten subject to normal commercial and industrial credit standards and are generally subject to project tracking processes, similar to those required for commercial real estate – income producing loans.

This portfolio also includes residential construction loans and loans secured by raw land not yet under development.

Residential Mortgages

Residential mortgages consist of closed-end loans secured by first liens on 1-4 family residential properties. The portfolio includes both fixed and adjustable-rate loans, although most longer-term, fixed-rate loans originated are generally sold in the secondary mortgage market, depending on current strategies. The sale of fixed-rate mortgage loans allows the Bank to manage the interest rate risks related to such lending operations.

Consumer

Consumer loans include second lien mortgage home loans, home equity lines of credit and nonresidential consumer purpose loans. Nonresidential consumer loans include both direct and indirect loans. Direct nonresidential consumer loans are made to finance the purchase of personal property, including automobiles, recreational vehicles and boats, and for other personal purposes (secured and unsecured), and deposit account secured loans. Indirect nonresidential loans include automobile financing provided to the consumer through an agreement with automobile dealerships, though we are no longer engaged in this type of lending and the remaining portfolio continues to decrease. Consumer loans also include a relatively small portfolio of credit card receivables issued on the basis of applications received through referrals from the Bank’s branches, online and other marketing efforts.

The Bank approves consumer loans based on income and financial information submitted by prospective borrowers as well as credit reports collected from various credit agencies. Financial stability and credit history of the borrower are the primary factors the Bank considers in granting such loans. The availability of collateral and whether the borrower is located in the Bank’s primary market areas are also factors considered in making such loans.

Securities Portfolio

The investment portfolio primarily consists of U.S. agency debt securities, U.S. agency mortgage-related securities and obligations of states and municipalities classified as either available for sale or held to maturity. We consider the available for sale portfolio as one of many sources of liquidity available to fund our operations. Investments are made in accordance with an investment policy approved by the Board Risk Committee. Company policies generally limit investments to agency securities and municipal securities determined to be investment grade according to an internally generated score, which generally includes a rating of not less than “Baa” or its equivalent by a nationally recognized statistical rating organization. The investment portfolio is tested monthly under multiple stressed interest rate scenarios, the results of which are used to manage our interest rate risk position. The rate scenarios include regulatory and management agreed upon instantaneous and ramped rate movements that may be up to plus or minus 500 basis points. The combined portfolio has a target effective duration of two to five and a half years.

A significant portion of the securities portfolio is used to secure certain deposits and other liabilities requiring collateralization. We limit the percentage of securities that can be pledged in order to keep a portion of securities available to support liquidity. The securities portfolio can also be pledged to increase our line of credit available at the Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) of Dallas and the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta.

The investments subcommittee of the asset/liability committee (ALCO) is responsible for the oversight, monitoring and management of the investment portfolio. The investments subcommittee is also responsible for the development of investment strategies for the consideration and approval of ALCO, including purchases, sales, classification as either available for sale or held to maturity, and hedging activities. Final authority and responsibility for all aspects of the conduct of investment activities rests with the Board Risk Committee, all in accordance with the overall guidance and limitations of the investment policy. See Item 7. “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations-Enterprise Risk Management,” for further discussion.

Deposits

The Bank has several programs designed to attract and retain deposit accounts from consumers and businesses at interest rates generally consistent with market conditions. Deposits are the most significant funding source for the Company’s interest-earning assets. Interest paid on deposits represents a significant component of our interest expense. Deposits are attracted principally from clients within our retail branch network through the offering of a broad array of deposit products to individuals and businesses, including noninterest-bearing demand deposit accounts, interest-bearing transaction accounts, savings accounts, money market deposit accounts, and time deposit accounts. Terms vary among deposit products with respect to commitment periods, minimum balances and applicable fees. Interest rates offered on interest-bearing deposits are determined based on a number of factors, including, but not limited to (1) interest rates offered in local markets by competitors, (2) current and expected economic conditions, (3) anticipated

9

Table of Contents

future interest rates, (4) the expected amount and timing of funding needs, and (5) the availability and cost of alternative funding sources. Deposit flows are generally controlled primarily through pricing, and to a lesser extent, through promotional activities. Deposit levels can also be, and in the past have been influenced by other factors such as inflows from government stimulus programs, general changes in consumer and business spending behavior, including those as a result of inflation and recessionary concerns, inflows from hurricane-related insurance proceeds, and customer confidence in the institution, among other things. Further, deposit levels are also impacted by the level of brokered deposits, discussed below. Management believes that the rates that it offers on deposit accounts are generally competitive with other financial institutions in the Bank’s market areas. Client deposits are attractive sources of funding because of their stability and low relative cost. Deposits are regarded as an important part of the overall client relationship. We consider our deposit base to be seasoned, stable and well diversified.

The Bank also holds deposits of public entities. The Bank’s strategy for acquiring public funds, as with any type of deposit, is determined by ALCO’s funding and liquidity subcommittee, while pricing strategies are determined by ALCO’s deposit pricing subcommittee. Typically, many public fund deposits are allocated based upon the rate of interest offered and the ability of a bank to provide collateralization. The Bank can influence the level of its public fund deposits through pricing decisions. Public deposits typically require the pledging of collateral, most commonly marketable securities and Federal Home Loan Bank letters of credit. This is taken into account when determining the level of interest to be paid on public deposits. The pledging of collateral, monitoring and management reporting represents additional operational requirements for the Bank. Public fund deposits are more volatile than other core deposits because they tend to be price sensitive and have large balances. Public funds are only one of many possible sources of liquidity that the Bank has available to draw upon as part of its liquidity funding strategy as set by ALCO.

Brokered deposits, including time deposits and money market accounts, totaled $6.9 million at December 31, 2024. Brokered deposits are funds which the Bank obtains through deposit brokers who sell participations in a given bank deposit account or instrument to one or more investors. These brokered deposits are fully insured by the FDIC because they are participated out by the deposit broker in shares of $250,000 or less. Brokered deposit issuances are approved by ALCO as one component of its funding strategy to support ongoing asset growth until such time customer deposit growth ultimately replaces the brokered deposits. Under the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991 (FDICIA), the Bank may continue to accept brokered deposits as long as it is either “well-capitalized” or “adequately-capitalized.”

Trust Services

The Bank, through its trust department, offers a full range of trust services on a fee basis. In its trust capacities, the Bank provides investment management services on an agency basis and acts as trustee for pension plans, profit sharing plans, corporate and municipal bond issues, living trusts, life insurance trusts and various other types of trusts created by or for individuals, businesses, and charitable and religious organizations. At December 31, 2024, the trust department of the Bank had approximately

$34.9 billion of assets under administration, comprised of investment management and investment advisory agency accounts of $5.9 billion and other custody and safekeeping accounts of $12.0 billion, corporate trust accounts of $5.6 billion, and personal, employee benefit, estate and other trust accounts totaling $11.4 billion. The pending acquisition of Florida-based Sabal Trust Company is expected to expand assets under management by approximately $3 billion in 2025. The transaction is expected to close during the second quarter of 2025, subject to receipt of regulatory approvals and the satisfaction of other customary closing conditions.

HUMAN CAPITAL RESOURCES

Our employees, whom we refer to as associates, are our most valuable asset. Associates are the collective face, voice and spirit of our organization. To the people and communities we serve, our associates are Hancock Whitney. Our century-old culture and core values are the consistent beacon that guides how our associates carry on our legacy with honor, integrity and service. Additionally, the policies and practices we define for associates further reinforce the founding principles fundamental to who we are and how we do business. Embracing the uniqueness our associates bring to our various teams fortifies us, making us a stronger and more resilient company. This inclusivity cultivates a sense of belonging and encouragement, supporting our associates, clients, communities, and shareholders in realizing their individual potential, aspirations and ambitions.

We promise our associates an environment where they can grow, have a voice, and are important. We are committed to providing an associate experience and total rewards package that attracts, develops and retains top quality talent. We continually review and develop strategies that support the needs of our associates while balancing business needs. In 2024, the Company’s human capital strategy continued to focus on evolving to meet the ever-changing needs of our associates and supporting various initiatives to improve operations and overall efficiency while maintaining our commitment to our clients, communities and shareholders.

A strong and impactful human capital program begins at the top. Our Board of Directors oversees our overall corporate strategy and sets the tone for our culture, values and high ethical standards, and through its Committees, holds management accountable for results.

10

Table of Contents

The Board of Directors’ Compensation Committee expands beyond a traditional compensation-focused role to include oversight of all human capital management efforts within Hancock Whitney. The Compensation Committee is provided periodic updates on the Company’s human capital management efforts, including talent acquisition and retention; talent and performance management; learning and development; total rewards; associate well-being; and inclusion and belonging through a human capital management dashboard that it reviews periodically throughout the year. The dashboard includes a mixture of trending and point-in-time metrics designed to provide information and analysis of workforce demographics, talent acquisition, workforce stability and total rewards and associate programs.

Workforce Demographics

As of December 31, 2024, the Company had 3,476 full-time equivalent associates, predominately located in our core footprint of Mississippi, Louisiana, Alabama, Florida, Texas and Tennessee, compared to 3,591 associates as of December 31, 2023. Approximately 45% of associates were employed in Consumer Banking, 11% in Commercial Banking, 9% in Wealth Management, and 35% in Treasury, Operations, and Other Corporate Business & Administration, respectively. As of December 31, 2024, approximately 67% of our associates self-identified as a female and approximately 29% self-identified as a person of color. In 2024, approximately 68% of our new hires self-identified as female and approximately 39% of new hires self-identified as people of color. All associates are chosen on the basis of their qualifications and merit.

Inclusion and Belonging

Our 125-year-old founding principles inspire us to prioritize doing right and doing good to positively impact the lives and communities we serve. Embracing inclusivity and a sense of belonging is at the core of our values, recognizing that diverse perspectives, backgrounds, and experiences strengthen our ability to meet the needs of our associates, communities, clients and shareholders. By fostering a culture that values varied viewpoints, we enhance teamwork, encourage innovative collaboration, and improve organizational performance. This wider range of thinking empowers us to serve our stakeholders more effectively.

Our commitment to inclusion and belonging starts at the top of our organization, with oversight by the Compensation Committee. Underscoring our ongoing commitment to a culture of inclusion and belonging, the Company has a diversity council sponsored by the President and CEO, which consists of associates from a variety of locations, business segments, genders, races, ethnicities, tenures and experiences who work together as thought leaders to promote and foster an inclusive workplace culture that appreciates differences and values all perspectives.

We are committed to fostering respect, belonging and individual potential, supporting, developing, and celebrating our workforce, and creating a high performing culture where all associates can thrive. We continuously assess the impact of our initiatives, programs and practices to uphold these commitments to our associates and Company.

In 2024, we continued our efforts to build and attract a qualified and inclusive workforce representative of the clients and communities we serve by cultivating new relationships, strengthening existing partnerships, and enhancing recruiting efforts with key organizations. We were intentional with our campus recruiting, internship, and programming efforts across the footprint, to have a diverse talent pool that included historically Black colleges and universities, among others. Our corporate internship program continued to provide an inclusive experience that uniquely incorporates mentorship, financial literacy, community connection, and experiential learning opportunities across the organization and footprint. We proudly hosted the 2024 class of interns, all chosen based on merit and qualifications, and which consisted of 69% females and 39% people of color, also expanding our diverse pool of future talent and campus advocates. Additionally, we continued to partner with many external professional organizations to expand our talent pipeline.

The Company continues to enhance its learning opportunities with programs and experiences designed to listen and learn directly from the voices and experiences of our associates including Living Room Conversations, Cultural Tasting Series, Understanding Cultural Bias Training, and Associate Spotlights featuring New Associates, Women of Excellence, Random Acts of Kindness, and Living Our Core Values to help drive inclusive behaviors and inspire a growth mindset.

Last year, our Company introduced Associate Resource Groups (ARGs) to cultivate community, connection, and inclusion. These voluntary groups, led by associates, serve as a platform for networking, creating community, professional development, and raising awareness about relevant issues that promote inclusion and belonging in the workplace and beyond. All ARGs are open to all associates regardless of background. By engaging in our ARGs, associates can learn, celebrate, and offer support to one another, fostering stronger teams, increased productivity, and a culture of innovation. Launched in March 2023, the SheConnects ARG aims to establish an environment that empowers women to connect, learn, and uplift one another. In August 2023, the Able ARG was introduced to promote unity, facilitate meaningful conversations, and provide support for individuals with disabilities and their caregivers. The Black Professional Collaborative ARG, launched in 2024, creates avenues for professional growth, development, and support for African American/Black associates. Moreover, the Young Professional Network ARG empowers early career

11

Table of Contents

professionals to network with peers and seasoned associates, gaining insights into the unique challenges and opportunities at the early stages of their careers for development and growth.

Total Rewards

We strive to provide a comprehensive total rewards package that meets the various needs of our associates, including market-competitive pay and robust benefit options that attract and retain top talent. For our total rewards programs to remain competitive, we engage in nationally recognized third-party compensation and benefits surveys and utilize the expertise of an independent executive compensation firm, an outside benefits broker, and benefits consulting firms. These resources are used to objectively evaluate our compensation and benefits packages and benchmark them against industry peers and similarly situated organizations on an annual basis.

Our compensation philosophy is a performance-based strategy which aligns our programs with our business goals and objectives. Base salaries are established considering competitive market rates for specific roles as well as the experience and performance levels of our associates. The Company rewards associates for individual performance through merit-based compensation increases and provides additional opportunities for financial advancement through promotions and various incentive opportunities.

We promote a pay-for-performance philosophy and motivate a majority of our associate population with incentive compensation designed to drive strategies, behaviors and business goals while effectively balancing risk and reward. We also use long-term incentive compensation to attract and retain top talent and to keep associates focused on long-term company performance, significant milestone achievements and creation of shareholder value.

Talent Acquisition, Development and Retention

Hancock Whitney is dedicated to attracting, developing and retaining exceptional talent and strives to keep associates motivated, rewarded and appreciated through our commitment to competitive total rewards packages, career development, and an inclusive workplace. In 2024, total applications saw an 18% increase. Of the approximate 881 requisitions filled that year, 39% were filled internally. Moreover, 11% of the workforce received promotions in 2024, with 70% being females and 36% people of color. The focus was on rewarding merit and achievement while nurturing and progressing skilled talent across various business segments.

Recognizing the development of our associates is critical to our success, the Company invests in resources so that associates have access to the tools needed to do their jobs effectively and succeed within the organization, including technical, skills-based, management and leadership programs, as well as formal talent, performance management and succession planning processes. Through customized learning plans, associates are provided targeted resources in order to gain the knowledge and skills needed to successfully perform their duties in accordance with the Company’s practices. Associates also have access to a full suite of optional classes and self-directed resources to personalize career development and prioritize their unique needs and growth opportunities. Additionally, the Company supports the use of external resources such as professional conferences, specialized seminars, banking schools and other development and leadership programs to supplement associates’ professional development and provides a tuition assistance program for those seeking to deepen their education at undergraduate and graduate levels.

In 2024, Hancock Whitney launched a prescriptive learning platform that reimagined, reshaped and redefined learning and upskilling. Our agile Learning and Development strategy, LEARN (Leverage Education and Resources Now), offers individualized learning and development solutions for associates at all levels. Built on the ethos of associate growth, voice, and importance, LEARN enhances the associate learning experience. LEARN fosters a culture that gives all associates permission to learn and grow, expanding opportunities and creating tailored pathways for development.

Health, Safety and Well-Being

At Hancock Whitney, supporting the overall health, safety, and well-being of our associates are top priorities for the Company and some of the most valuable investments we make as a company. We are committed to providing robust, competitive benefits and programs that support associates in all aspects and stages of life. We continually explore opportunities for new or enhanced benefits and other programs to better support the overall well-being of our associates.

Supplementing our various benefit plans and programs, the Hancock Whitney Associate Assistance Fund provides assistance for associates with personal and financial needs during times of unexpected or unavoidable emergencies or disasters. The fund is managed by the Gulf Coast Community Foundation and funded by contributions from the Company as well as associates, board members and partner organizations.

Rooted in the Gulf South, our Company and associates are frequently impacted by hurricanes and other storms. We believe it is paramount to provide relief and recovery resources to help associates and their families remain safe and recover quickly when a storm

12

Table of Contents

hits. Throughout the year, especially during hurricane season, we encourage associates to prepare for inclement weather and natural disasters. We provide associates with resources to prepare for and respond to emergencies, including the American Red Cross, Employee Assistance Program, and Hancock Whitney Associate Assistance Fund. We periodically prompt associates to review and update contact information and emergency contact information in our HR system to ensure that they receive Company communications and outreach during emergency situations.

We remain committed to providing a safe, secure environment for our associates and clients. We continuously remind associates of their critical role in maintaining a safe and secure working environment. Trainings and communications are provided to educate and reinforce our safety and security protocols including safely accessing facilities and workspaces; safeguarding information and devices; and preventing, detecting, and reporting crimes and suspicious activities.

Engagement

We strive to create a culture of engagement where each associate knows they are important, valued, and can grow. We engage our associates through various channels including written, digital and face-to-face communications with targeted audiences ranging from all associates to core leaders, teams and one-on-ones. We encourage continuous open communication with our associates and leaders where input is welcomed through an environment of mutual respect and trust. We promote a workplace focused on gratitude and appreciation through our Value of You recognition program, Community Connection volunteer program as well as other associate campaigns throughout the year.

We generally conduct associate engagement surveys on a biennial basis to measure our associates’ connection and commitment to the Company and its goals. In 2024, we conducted an anonymous online associate engagement survey to measure associate engagement and collect associate feedback. During the survey, associates answered questions and provided comments to capture their feelings about the Company, leadership, and their team of associates. Our Company leaders are grateful for the consistent, strong response from our associates, indicating an engaged, connected and committed workforce. The 2024 survey reflected almost three out of every four associates feel a sense of belonging and respect across the Company. Using the results of the engagement survey, a leadership series was launched to communicate ongoing leader insights and engage associates to reiterate the key role our associates play in shaping our path forward.

Open Communication

Our Open Communication Policy cultivates a culture of open and honest communication between managers and associates as a day-to-day business practice. Managers set the tone of the workplace by welcoming input from associates in an environment of mutual respect and trust. We believe this process helps to define any issue and work toward resolving it in an informal manner.

We encourage associates to work with their immediate managers to resolve questions, conflicts and disputes. If concerns involve the immediate manager, or if the issue has not been resolved appropriately, associates may escalate the issue to the next-level manager and ultimately Human Resources.

Integrity in Action

Upholding the core values of Honor & Integrity, Strength & Stability and Personal Responsibility and further protecting our clients, associates, and Company’s financial safety and soundness, our associates are expected to conduct business in a lawful, ethical and fair manner. All associates are strongly encouraged to report ethical concerns related to matters such as accounting, internal controls, auditing, discrimination, and harassment and/or violations or suspected violations of laws or regulations, our Code of Conduct, or other Company policies and procedures by clients, associates, or vendors. Integrity in Action, our whistleblower policy, provides our associates and others with a confidential method of reporting illegal, unethical, or unsafe activity. Administered through a third-party provider, the independent reporting service allows individuals to make reports confidentially by telephone or online 24 hours a day, seven days a week and allows for anonymous reports, if desired. All reports are investigated by Human Resources and/or Internal Audit and monitored through final disposition. Updates are provided to the Audit Committee on a quarterly basis. A copy of our Integrity in Action Whistleblower Policy is available under Governance Documents on our website, www.hancockwhitney.com.

COMPETITION

The financial services industry is highly competitive and may become more competitive as a result of recent and ongoing legislative, regulatory, and technological changes, as well as continued consolidation within the financial services industry and the addition of nontraditional competitors into our markets, including financial technology companies (fintechs). The traditional factors in the competition for deposits and loans are interest rates and fee structures associated with the various products offered. We also compete through the efficiency, quality and range of services and products we provide, as well as the convenience provided by an extensive network of customer access channels including local branch offices, ATMs, online and mobile banking, and telebanking centers. In

13

Table of Contents

attracting deposits and in our lending activities, we generally compete with other commercial banks, savings associations, credit unions, mortgage banking firms, securities brokerage firms, mutual funds and insurance companies, and other financial and non-financial institutions offering similar products.

The continuing consolidation within the financial services industry is leading to larger, better capitalized and geographically diverse institutions with enhanced product and technology capabilities. In addition to competition from fintechs, certain technology companies are working to provide financial services directly to their customers. These nontraditional financial service providers have been successful in developing digital and other products and services that effectively compete with traditional banking services, but are in some cases subject to fewer regulatory restrictions than banks and bank holding companies, allowing them to operate with greater flexibility and lower cost structures. Further, bank failures have and may in the future diminish public confidence in small and regional banks’ abilities to safeguard deposits in excess of federally insured limits, which could prompt customers to maintain their deposits with larger financial institutions.

We believe our relationship-based approach to banking has allowed us to remain competitive in our markets as many of our financial services clients are generally influenced by convenience, quality of service, personal contacts, price of services, availability of products, and technology that supports the client experience. We have made and continue to make investments in technology to develop the Company's digital platform and capabilities to remain competitive in meeting our clients’ evolving needs and expectations.

AVAILABLE INFORMATION

We make available free of charge, on or through our investor relations website 
investors.hancockwhitney.com
, our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and other filings pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and amendments to such filings, as soon as reasonably practicable after each is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. The SEC maintains a website that contains the Company’s reports, proxy statements, and the Company’s other SEC filings. The address of the SEC’s website is www.sec.gov. We include our website address throughout this filing only as textual references. The information contained on our website is not incorporated in this document by reference.

Also available on our investor relations website are our corporate governance documents, including our Corporate Governance Guidelines, Code of Business Ethics for Officers and Associates, Whistleblower Policy, Code of Ethics for Financial Officers, Code of Ethics for Directors and Committee Charting. These documents are also available in print to any shareholder who requests a copy.

SUPERVISION AND REGULATION

Bank holding companies and banks are extensively regulated under federal and state law. This discussion is a summary and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the particular statutory and regulatory provisions described below and is not intended to be an exhaustive description of the statutes or regulations applicable to the Company or the Bank or all aspects of those statutes and regulations.

Changes in laws and regulations may alter the structure, regulation and competitive relationships of financial institutions. In addition, bank regulatory agencies may issue enforcement actions, policy statements, interpretive letters and similar written guidance applicable to the Company or the Bank. It cannot be predicted whether and in what form new laws and regulations, or interpretations thereof, may be adopted or the extent to which the business of the Company and the Bank may be affected thereby, but they may have a material adverse effect on our business, operations, and earnings.

Supervision, regulation, and examination of the Company, the Bank, and our respective subsidiaries by the appropriate regulatory agencies, as described herein, are intended primarily for the protection of consumers, bank depositors and the Deposit Insurance Fund (DIF) of the FDIC, and the U.S. banking and financial system, rather than holders of our capital stock.

14

Table of Contents

Bank Holding Company Regulation

The Company is subject to extensive supervision and regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve) pursuant to the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the BHC Act). We are required to file with the Federal Reserve periodic reports and such other information as the Federal Reserve may request. Ongoing supervision is provided through regular examinations by the Federal Reserve and other means that allow the regulators to gauge management’s ability to identify, assess and control risk in all areas of operations in a safe and sound manner and to ensure compliance with laws and regulations. The Company is subject to regulation by the State of Mississippi under its general business corporation laws, and to supervision by the Mississippi Department of Banking and Consumer Finance (the MDBCF). The Federal Reserve may also examine our non-bank subsidiaries. Various federal and state bodies regulate and supervise our brokerage, investment advisory and insurance agency operations. These include, but are not limited to, the SEC, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA), federal and state banking regulators and various state regulators of insurance and brokerage activities.

Violations of laws and regulations, or other unsafe and unsound practices, may result in regulatory agencies imposing fines or penalties, cease and desist orders, or taking other enforcement actions. Under certain circumstances, these agencies may enforce these remedies directly against officers, directors, employees and other parties participating in the affairs of a bank or bank holding company. Under federal and state laws and regulations pertaining to the safety and soundness of insured depository institutions, federal and state banking regulators have the authority to compel or restrict certain actions on our part if they determine that we have insufficient capital or other resources, or are otherwise operating in a manner that may be deemed to be inconsistent with safe and sound banking practices. Under this authority, our regulators can require us or our subsidiaries to enter into informal or formal supervisory agreements, including board resolutions, memoranda of understanding, written agreements and consent or cease and desist orders, pursuant to which we would be required to take identified corrective actions to address cited concerns and to refrain from taking certain actions.

If we become subject to and are unable to comply with the terms of any future regulatory actions or directives, supervisory agreements, or orders, then we could become subject to additional, heightened supervisory actions and orders, possibly including consent orders, prompt corrective action restrictions and/or other regulatory actions, including prohibitions on the payment of dividends on our common stock and, if issued, preferred stock. If our regulators were to take such additional supervisory actions, then we could, among other things, become subject to significant restrictions on our ability to develop any new business, as well as restrictions on our existing business, and we could be required to raise additional capital, dispose of certain assets and liabilities within a prescribed period of time, or both. The terms of any such supervisory action could have a material negative effect on our business, reputation, operating flexibility, financial condition, and the value of our common stock and preferred stock, if issued.

Activity Limitations
. The Company is registered with the Federal Reserve as a bank holding company and has elected to be treated as a financial holding company under the BHC Act. Bank holding companies generally are limited to the business of banking, managing or controlling banks, and other activities that the Federal Reserve determines to be closely related to banking, or managing or controlling banks as to be a proper incident thereto. Bank holding companies are prohibited from acquiring or obtaining control of more than five percent (5%) of any class of voting interests of any company that engages in activities other than those activities permissible for bank holding companies. Examples of activities that the Federal Reserve has determined to be permissible are making, acquiring, brokering, or servicing loans; leasing personal property; providing certain investment or financial advice; performing certain data processing services; acting as agent or broker in selling credit life insurance and other insurance products in certain locations; securities brokerage; and performing certain insurance underwriting activities. The BHC Act does not place domestic geographic limits on permissible non-banking activities of bank holding companies. Even with respect to permissible activities, however, the Federal Reserve has the power to order a holding company or its subsidiaries to terminate any activity or its control of any subsidiary when the Federal Reserve has reasonable cause to believe that continuation of such activity or control of such subsidiary would pose a serious risk to the financial safety, soundness or stability of any bank subsidiary of that holding company.

As a financial holding company, we are permitted to engage directly or indirectly in a broader range of activities than those permitted for a bank holding company that has not elected to be a financial holding company. Financial holding companies may also engage in activities that are considered to be financial in nature, as well as those incidental or, if determined by the Federal Reserve, complementary to financial activities. If the Bank ceases to be “well capitalized” or “well managed” under applicable regulatory standards, or if the Bank receives a rating of less than satisfactory under the Community Reinvestment Act of 1977 (CRA), the Federal Reserve may, among other things, place limitations on our ability to conduct these broader financial activities or, if the deficiencies persist, require us to divest the banking subsidiary or the businesses engaged in activities permissible only for financial holding companies.

As further described below, the Company and the Bank are each well-capitalized under applicable regulatory standards as of December 31, 2024, and the Bank has a rating of “Satisfactory” in its most recent CRA evaluation.

15

Table of Contents

Source of Strength Obligations
. A bank holding company such as us is required to act as a source of financial and managerial strength to its subsidiary bank and to maintain resources adequate to support its bank. The term “source of financial strength” means the ability of a company, such as us, that directly or indirectly owns or controls an insured depository institution, such as the Bank, to provide financial assistance to such insured depository institution in the event of financial distress. The appropriate federal banking agency for the depository institution (in the case of the Bank, this agency is the FDIC) may require reports from us to assess our ability to serve as a source of strength and to enforce compliance with the source of strength requirements by requiring us to provide financial assistance to the Bank in the event of financial distress. If we were to enter bankruptcy or become subject to the orderly liquidation process established by the Dodd-Frank Act, any commitment by us to a federal bank regulatory agency to maintain the capital of the Bank would be assumed by the bankruptcy trustee or the FDIC, as appropriate, and entitled to a priority of payment. In addition, the FDIC provides that any insured depository institution generally will be liable for any loss incurred by the FDIC in connection with the default of, or any assistance provided by the FDIC to, a commonly controlled insured depository institution. The Bank is an FDIC-insured depository institution and thus subject to these requirements.

Acquisitions. 
The BHC Act requires every bank holding company to obtain the prior approval of the Federal Reserve or waiver of such prior approval before it (1) acquires ownership or control of any voting shares of any bank if, after such acquisition, such bank holding company will own or control more than five percent (5%) of any class of the voting shares of such bank, (2) acquires all of the assets of a bank, or (3) merges with any other bank holding company. In reviewing a proposed covered acquisition, among other factors, the Federal Reserve considers (1) the financial and managerial resources of the companies involved, including pro forma capital ratios; (2) the risk to the stability of the United States banking or financial system; (3) the convenience and needs of the communities to be served, including performance under the CRA; and (4) the effectiveness of the companies in combating money laundering. The Federal Reserve also reviews any indebtedness to be incurred by a bank holding company in connection with a proposed acquisition to ensure that the bank holding company can service such indebtedness without adversely affecting its ability to serve as a source of strength to its bank subsidiaries. Well capitalized and well managed bank holding companies are permitted to acquire control of banks in any state, subject to federal regulatory approval, without regard to whether such a transaction is prohibited by the laws of any state. However, a bank holding company may not, following an interstate acquisition, control more than 10% of nationwide insured deposits or 30% of deposits within any state in which the acquiring bank operates. States have the right to lower the 30% limit, although no states within the Company’s current market area have done so. Federal banking regulators are also required to take into account compliance with the CRA in evaluating any proposal for interstate bank acquisitions.

Change in Control. 
Federal law restricts the amount of voting stock of a bank holding company or a bank that a person may acquire without the prior approval of banking regulators. Under the Change in Bank Control Act and the regulations thereunder, a person or group must give advance notice to and obtain approval from the Federal Reserve before acquiring control of any bank holding company, such as the Company. The Change in Bank Control Act creates a rebuttable presumption of control if a member or group acquires a certain percentage or more of any class of a bank holding company’s voting stock. As a result, a person or entity generally must provide prior notice to the Federal Reserve before acquiring the power to vote 10% or more of our outstanding common stock. The overall effect of such laws is to make it more difficult to acquire a bank holding company by tender offer or similar means than it might be to acquire control of another type of corporation. Consequently, shareholders of the Company may be less likely to benefit from the rapid increases in stock prices that may result from tender offers or similar efforts to acquire control of other companies. Investors should be aware of these requirements when acquiring shares of our stock.

Anti-tying rules. 
A bank holding company and its subsidiaries are prohibited from engaging in certain tying arrangements in connection with extensions of credit, leases or sales of property, or furnishing of services.

Volcker Rule. 
The Volcker Rule prohibits us and our subsidiaries from (i) engaging in certain proprietary trading for our own account, and (ii) acquiring or retaining an ownership interest in or sponsoring a “covered fund,” all subject to certain exceptions. The Volcker Rule also specifies certain limited activities in which we and our subsidiaries may continue to engage, and required us to implement a compliance program.

Capital Requirements

The Company and the Bank are required under federal law to maintain certain minimum capital levels based on ratios of capital to total assets and capital to risk-weighted assets. The required capital ratios are minimums, and the federal banking agencies may determine that a banking organization, based on its size, complexity or risk profile, must maintain a higher level of capital in order to operate in a safe and sound manner. Risks such as concentration of credit risks and the risk arising from non-traditional activities, as well as the institution’s exposure to a decline in the economic value of its capital due to changes in interest rates, and an institution’s ability to manage those risks are important factors that are to be taken into account by the federal banking agencies in assessing an institution’s overall capital adequacy. The following is a brief description of the relevant provisions of these capital rules and their potential impact on our capital levels.

16

Table of Contents

The Company and the Bank are subject to the following risk-based capital ratios: a common equity Tier 1 (CET1) risk-based capital ratio, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio, which includes CET1 and additional Tier 1 capital, and a total risk-based capital ratio, which includes Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital. CET1 is primarily comprised of the sum of common stock instruments and related surplus net of treasury stock, retained earnings, and certain qualifying minority interests, less certain adjustments and deductions, including with respect to goodwill, intangible assets, mortgage servicing assets and deferred tax assets subject to temporary timing differences. Additional Tier 1 capital is primarily comprised of noncumulative perpetual preferred stock, tier 1 minority interests and grandfathered trust preferred securities. Tier 2 capital consists of instruments disqualified from Tier 1 capital, including qualifying subordinated debt, other preferred stock and certain hybrid capital instruments, and a limited amount of allowance for credit loss up to a maximum of 1.25% of risk-weighted assets, subject to certain eligibility criteria. The capital rules also define the risk-weights assigned to assets and off-balance sheet items to determine the risk-weighted asset components of the risk-based capital rules, including, for example, certain “high volatility” commercial real estate, past due assets, structured securities and equity holdings.

The leverage capital ratio, which serves as a minimum capital standard, is the ratio of Tier 1 capital to quarterly average total assets net of goodwill, certain other intangible assets, and certain required deduction items. The required minimum leverage ratio for all banks and bank holding companies is 4%.

In addition, the capital rules also require a capital conservation buffer of CET1 capital of 2.5% above each of the minimum capital ratio requirements (CET1, Tier 1, and total risk-based capital), which is designed to absorb losses during periods of economic stress. These buffer requirements must be met for a bank or bank holding company to be able to pay dividends, engage in share buybacks or make discretionary bonus payments to executive management without restriction.

The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991 (FDICIA), among other things, requires the federal bank regulatory agencies to take “prompt corrective action” regarding depository institutions that do not meet minimum capital requirements. FDICIA establishes five regulatory capital tiers: “well capitalized,” “adequately capitalized,” “undercapitalized,” “significantly undercapitalized,” and “critically undercapitalized.” A depository institution’s capital tier will depend upon how its capital levels compare to various relevant capital measures and certain other factors, as established by regulation. FDICIA generally prohibits a depository institution from making any capital distribution (including payment of a dividend) or paying any management fee to its holding company if the depository institution would thereafter be undercapitalized. FDICIA imposes progressively more restrictive restraints on operations, management and capital distributions, depending on the category in which an institution is classified. Undercapitalized depository institutions are subject to restrictions on borrowing from the Federal Reserve System. In addition, undercapitalized depository institutions may not accept brokered deposits absent a waiver from the FDIC, are subject to growth limitations and are required to submit capital restoration plans for regulatory approval. A depository institution’s holding company must guarantee any required capital restoration plan, up to an amount equal to the lesser of 5 percent of the depository institution’s assets at the time it becomes undercapitalized or the amount of the capital deficiency when the institution fails to comply with the plan. Federal banking agencies may not accept a capital plan without determining, among other things, that the plan is based on realistic assumptions and is likely to succeed in restoring the depository institution’s capital. If a depository institution fails to submit an acceptable plan, it is treated as if it is significantly undercapitalized. The Bank was well capitalized at December 31, 2024, and brokered deposits are not restricted.

To be well-capitalized, the Bank must maintain at least the following capital ratios:

·
5.0% leverage ratio.

·
6.5% CET1 to risk-weighted assets;

·
8.0% Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets; and

·
10.0% Total capital to risk-weighted assets; 

The Federal Reserve has different requirements than those imposed under the current capital rules applicable to banks. For purposes of the Federal Reserve’s Regulation Y, including determining whether a bank holding company meets the requirements to be a financial holding company, bank holding companies, such as the Company, must maintain a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 6.0% or greater and a total risk-based capital ratio of 10.0% or greater to be well-capitalized. If the Federal Reserve were to apply the same or a very similar well-capitalized standard to bank holding companies as that applicable to the Bank, the Company’s capital ratios as of December 31, 2024 would exceed such revised well-capitalized standard. Also, the Federal Reserve may require bank holding companies, including the Company, to maintain capital ratios substantially in excess of mandated minimum levels, depending upon general economic conditions and a bank holding company’s particular condition, risk profile and growth plans.

17

Table of Contents

Throughout 2024, the Company’s and the Bank’s regulatory capital ratios were above the applicable well-capitalized standards and met the capital conservation buffer requirements. Based on current estimates, we believe that the Company and the Bank will continue to exceed all applicable well-capitalized regulatory capital requirements and the capital conservation buffer in 2025. Risk-based capital ratios and the leverage capital ratio at December 31, 2024 for the Company and the Bank were as follows:

Minimum Capital

Well-Capitalized

Plus Capital

Under Prompt

Conservation

Minimum

Corrective Action*

Buffer

Company

Bank

Tier 1 leverage capital ratio

4.00

%

5.00

%

N/A

11.29

%

10.91

%

Risk-based capital ratios

Common Equity Tier 1 capital

4.50

%

6.50

%

7.00

%

14.14

%

13.67

%

Tier 1 capital

6.00

%

8.00

%

8.50

%

14.14

%

13.67

%

Total risk-based capital (Tier 1 plus Tier 2)

8.00

%

10.00

%

10.50

%

15.93

%

14.83

%

*Applies to Bank.

Payment of Dividends

Hancock Whitney Corporation is a legal entity separate and distinct from Hancock Whitney Bank and other subsidiaries. Its primary source of cash, other than securities offerings, is dividends from the Bank. Under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, no dividends may be paid by an insured bank if the bank is in arrears in the payment of any insurance assessment due to the FDIC. The payment of dividends by the Bank may also be affected by other regulatory requirements and policies, such as the maintenance of adequate capital. If, in the opinion of the applicable regulatory authority, a bank under its jurisdiction is engaged in, or is about to engage in, an unsafe or unsound practice (which, depending on the financial condition of the bank, could include the payment of dividends), such authority may require, after notice and hearing, that such bank cease and desist from such practice. The FDIC has formal and informal policies which provide that insured banks should generally pay dividends only out of current operating earnings.

Under a Federal Reserve policy adopted in 2009, the board of directors of a bank holding company must consider certain factors to ensure that its dividend level is prudent relative to maintaining a strong financial position, and is not based on overly optimistic earnings scenarios, such as potential events that could affect its ability to pay, while still maintaining a strong financial position. As a general matter, the Federal Reserve has indicated that the board of directors of a bank holding company should consult with the Federal Reserve and eliminate, defer or significantly reduce the bank holding company’s dividends if:

•
its net income available to shareholders for the past four quarters, net of dividends previously paid during that period, is not sufficient to fully fund the dividends; 

•
its prospective rate of earnings retention is not consistent with its capital needs and overall current and prospective financial condition; or 

•
it will not meet, or is in danger of not meeting, its minimum regulatory capital adequacy ratios. 

Bank Regulation

The operation of the Bank is subject to state and federal statutes applicable to state banks and the regulations of the Federal Reserve, the FDIC and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB). The operations of the Bank may also be subject to applicable Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC) regulation to the extent state banks are granted parity with national banks. Such statutes and regulations relate to, among other things, investments, loans, mergers and consolidations, issuances of securities, payments of dividends, establishment of branches, consumer protection and other aspects of the Bank’s operations. Violations of laws and regulations, or other unsafe and unsound practices, may result in these agencies imposing fines or penalties, cease and desist orders, or taking other enforcement actions. Under certain circumstances, these agencies may enforce these remedies directly against officers, directors, employees and other parties participating in the affairs of a bank or bank holding company.

Safety and Soundness.
 The Federal Deposit Insurance Act requires the federal prudential bank regulatory agencies, such as the FDIC, to prescribe, by regulation or guideline, operational and managerial standards for all insured depository institutions relating to: (1) internal controls; (2) information systems and audit systems; (3) loan documentation; (4) credit underwriting; (5) interest rate risk exposure; and (6) asset quality. The agencies also must prescribe standards for asset quality, earnings, and stock valuation, as well as standards for compensation, fees and benefits. The federal banking agencies have adopted regulations and Interagency Guidelines Establishing Standards for Safety and Soundness to implement these required standards. These guidelines set forth the safety and soundness standards used to identify and address problems at insured depository institutions before capital becomes impaired. Under the regulations, if a regulator determines that a bank fails to meet any standards prescribed by the guidelines, the regulator may require the bank to submit an acceptable plan to achieve compliance, consistent with deadlines for the submission and review of such safety and soundness compliance plans.

18

Table of Contents

Examinations
. The Bank is subject to regulation, reporting, and periodic examinations by the FDIC, the MDBCF, and the CFPB. These regulatory authorities routinely examine the Bank’s loan and investment quality, consumer compliance, management policies, procedures and practices and other aspects of operations. The FDIC has adopted the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council’s (FFIEC) rating system and assigns each financial institution a confidential composite rating based on an evaluation and rating of six essential components of an institution’s financial condition and operations, including Capital Adequacy, Asset Quality, Management, Earnings, Liquidity and Sensitivity to Market Risk (CAMELS), as well as the quality of risk management practices.

Consumer Protection.
 The CFPB has rule writing, examination, and enforcement authority with regard to the Bank’s (and the Company’s) compliance with a wide array of consumer financial protection laws, including the Truth in Lending Act, the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, the Truth in Savings Act, the Electronic Funds Transfer Act, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, the S.A.F.E. Mortgage Licensing Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act (except Sections 615(e) and 628), the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, and the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (sections 502 through 509 relating to privacy), among others. The CFPB has broad authority to enforce a prohibition on unfair, deceptive, or abusive acts and practices. The Bank is subject to direct supervision and examination by the CFPB. The CFPB also may examine our other direct or indirect subsidiaries that offer consumer financial products or services. In addition, the Dodd-Frank Act permits states to adopt consumer protection laws and regulations that are stricter than those regulations promulgated by the CFPB, and state attorneys general are permitted to enforce consumer protection rules adopted by the CFPB against certain institutions.

In March 2023, the CFPB issued a final rule to implement Section 1071 of the Dodd-Frank Act, which requires lenders to collect, and report information about lending to “women owned, minority-owned and small businesses.”  This rule is due to take effect in stages depending upon lending volume of the depository institution beginning in 2025. However, the final rule has been subject to ongoing court challenges and may be revised by the CFPB. The Bank is monitoring these developments.

In December 2024, the CFPB finalized a rule that would substantially limit overdraft fees that larger institutions such as the Bank may charge consumers, with an effective date of October 1, 2025. If implemented, this rule would impact the Bank’s non-interest income. However, this rule has been challenged in court and may be revised by the CFPB. The Bank is monitoring these developments.

Branching
. The Dodd-Frank Act authorizes national and state banks to establish 
de novo
 branches in other states to the same extent a bank chartered in those states would be so permitted.

Deposit Insurance Assessments.
 The deposits of the Bank are insured by the FDIC up to applicable limits. The Deposit Insurance Fund (DIF) of the FDIC insures the deposits of the Bank generally up to a maximum of $250,000 per depositor, per insured bank, for each account ownership category. The FDIC charges insured depository institutions quarterly premiums to maintain the DIF. Deposit insurance assessments are based on average total consolidated assets minus its average tangible equity and applies one of four risk categories determined by reference to its capital levels, supervisory ratings, and certain other factors. The assessment rate schedule can change from time to time, at the discretion of the FDIC, subject to certain limits. In October of 2022, the FDIC adopted a final rule to increase the initial base deposit insurance assessment rate by two basis points, applicable to all insured depository institutions, which began with the first quarterly assessment period in 2023 and will remain in effect until the level of the DIF reserve ratios to insured deposits meets the FDIC's long-term goals. In addition, under section 13(c)(4)(G) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, a loss to the DIF arising from the use of a systemic risk exception must be recovered from one or more special assessments on insured depository institutions, depository institution holding companies (with the concurrence of the Secretary of the Treasury with respect to holding companies), or both, as the FDIC determines to be appropriate. In November 2023, the FDIC approved a final rule to implement a special assessment to recover the loss to the DIF associated with two bank failures that occurred during early 2023. The assessment base for the special assessment is equal to estimated uninsured deposits reported as of December 31, 2022, adjusted to exclude the first $5 billion, to be collected at an annual rate of approximately 13.4 basis points for an anticipated total of eight quarterly assessment periods, beginning with the first quarterly assessment period of 2024.

In 2024, as a result of changes in loss estimates for the 2023 failures, the FDIC began providing quarterly updates to the collection period for the special assessment for impacted institutions. Based on the most recent notification received in December 2024, the FDIC currently projects that the special assessment will be collected for an additional two quarters beyond the initial eight-quarter collection period, at an estimated quarterly rate of 1.69 basis points. The projected number of additional quarters and the estimated rate applicable to those quarters are subject to change depending on any future adjustments to estimated losses or amendments to uninsured deposits. Under the final rule, the FDIC retains the ability to cease collection early, extend the special assessment collection period one or more quarters beyond the initial eight-quarter collection period, or impose a final shortfall special assessment on a one-time basis after the receiverships for the two banks are terminated. The collection period may change due to updates to the estimated loss pursuant to the systemic risk determination or if assessments collected change due to corrective amendments to the amount of uninsured deposits reported for the December 31, 2022 reporting period.

19

Table of Contents

Insurance of deposits may be terminated by the FDIC upon a finding that an institution has engaged in unsafe or unsound practices, is in an unsafe or unsound condition to continue operations or has violated any applicable law, regulation, rule, order or condition imposed by the FDIC. The Bank is not subject to any action, condition or violation that could lead to termination of its deposit insurance. In addition, the Federal Deposit Insurance Act provides that, in the event of the liquidation or other resolution of an insured depository institution, the claims of depositors of the institution, including the claims of the FDIC as subrogee of insured depositors, and certain claims for administrative expenses of the FDIC as a receiver, will have priority over other general unsecured claims against the institution, including those of the parent bank holding company.

Transactions with Affiliates and Insiders. 
The Bank is subject to restrictions on extensions of credit and certain other transactions between the Bank and the Company or any nonbank affiliate. Generally, these covered transactions with either the Company or any affiliate are limited to 10% of the Bank’s capital and surplus, and all such transactions between the Bank and the Company and all of its nonbank affiliates combined are limited to 20% of the Bank’s capital and surplus. Loans and other extensions of credit from the Bank to the Company or any affiliate generally are required to be secured by eligible collateral in specified amounts. In addition, any transaction between the Bank and the Company or any affiliate are required to be on an arm’s length basis. Federal banking laws also place similar restrictions on certain extensions of credit by insured banks, such as the Bank, to their directors, executive officers and principal shareholders.

Mergers, Subsidiaries. 
The FDIC is also authorized to approve mergers, consolidations and assumption of deposit liability transactions between insured banks and between insured banks and uninsured banks or institutions to prevent capital or surplus diminution in such transactions where the resulting, continuing or assumed bank is an insured nonmember state bank.

On September 17, 2024, the FDIC approved the Final Statement of Policy on Bank Merger Transactions which, if it remains in place,  will result in additional scrutiny, including heightened financial stability analysis, to mergers that result in a large insured depository institution with more than $100 billion in total assets, public meetings for mergers that result in insured depository institutions with $50 billion or more in total assets, and board briefings for applications over 270 days old.

Reserves.
 Although the Bank is not a member of the Federal Reserve, it is subject to Federal Reserve regulations that require the Bank to maintain reserves against transaction accounts (primarily checking accounts). These reserve requirements are subject to annual adjustment by the Federal Reserve. Effective March 26, 2020, reserve requirement ratios were reduced to zero percent.

Anti-Money Laundering
. A continued focus of governmental policy relating to financial institutions has been combating money laundering and terrorist financing. The USA PATRIOT Act broadened the application of anti-money laundering (AML) regulations to apply to additional types of financial institutions such as broker-dealers, investment advisors and insurance companies, and strengthened the ability of the U.S. Government to help prevent, detect and prosecute international money laundering and the financing of terrorism. The principal provisions of Title III of the USA PATRIOT Act require that regulated financial institutions, including state member banks: (i) establish an AML program that includes training and audit components; (ii) comply with regulations regarding the verification of the identity of any person seeking to open an account; (iii) take additional required precautions with non-U.S. owned accounts; and (iv) perform certain verification and certification of money laundering risk for their foreign correspondent banking relationships. Failure of a financial institution to comply with the USA PATRIOT Act’s requirements could have serious legal and reputational consequences for the institution. The Bank has augmented its systems and procedures to meet the requirements of these regulations and will continue to revise and update its policies, procedures and controls to reflect changes required by law.

FinCEN has adopted rules that require financial institutions to obtain beneficial ownership information with respect to legal entities with which such institutions conduct business, subject to certain exclusions and exemptions. Bank regulators are focusing their examinations on AML compliance, and we continue to monitor and augment, where necessary, our AML compliance programs.

Bank regulators routinely examine institutions for compliance with these AML obligations and have imposed “cease and desist” and other regulatory orders and money penalty sanctions against institutions found to be in violation of these requirements. On January 1, 2021, Congress passed federal legislation that made sweeping changes to federal AML laws, subject to pending implementation by regulatory rulemaking. On June 30, 2021, FinCEN published the first set of “national AML priorities,” as required by the Bank Secrecy Act, which include, but are not limited to, cybercrime, terrorist financing, fraud, and drug/human trafficking. FinCEN is required to implement regulations to specify how covered financial institutions, such as the Company, should incorporate these national priorities into their AML programs.

Economic Sanctions
. The Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) is responsible for helping to ensure that U.S. entities do not engage in transactions with certain prohibited parties, as defined by various Executive Orders and acts of Congress. OFAC publishes, and routinely updates, lists of names of persons and organizations suspected of aiding, harboring or engaging in terrorist acts, including the Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List. If we find a name on any transaction, account or wire transfer that is on an OFAC list, we must undertake certain specified activities, which could include blocking or freezing the account or transaction requested, and we must notify the appropriate authorities.

20

Table of Contents

Concentrations in Lending. 
During 2006, the federal bank regulatory agencies released guidance on “Concentrations in Commercial Real Estate Lending” (the Guidance) and advised financial institutions of the risks posed by commercial real estate (CRE) lending concentrations. The Guidance requires that appropriate processes be in place to identify, monitor and control risks associated with real estate lending concentrations. Higher allowances for loan losses and capital levels may also be required. The Guidance is triggered when CRE loan concentrations exceed either:

•
Total reported loans for construction, land development, and other land of 100% or more of a bank’s total risk-based capital; or

•
Total reported loans secured by multifamily and nonfarm nonresidential properties and loans for construction, land development, and other land of 300% or more of a bank’s total risk-based capital.

The Guidance also applies when a bank has a sharp increase in CRE loans or has significant concentrations of CRE secured by a particular property type.

Community Reinvestment Act. 
The Bank is subject to the provisions of the Community Reinvestment Act (CRA), which imposes a continuing and affirmative obligation, consistent with their safe and sound operation, to help meet the credit needs of entire communities where the bank accepts deposits, including low- and moderate-income neighborhoods. The FDIC’s assessment of the Bank’s CRA record is made available to the public. Further, a less than satisfactory CRA rating will slow, if not preclude, expansion of banking activities and prevent a company from becoming or remaining a financial holding company. Federal CRA regulations require, among other things, that evidence of discrimination against applicants on a prohibited basis, and illegal or abusive lending practices be considered in the CRA evaluation. The Bank has a rating of “Satisfactory” in its most recent CRA evaluation.

On October 24, 2023, the OCC, Federal Reserve, and FDIC issued a final rule to modernize their respective CRA regulations. The revised rules substantially alter the methodology for assessing compliance with the CRA, with material aspects taking effect January 1, 2026, and revised data reporting requirements taking effect January 1, 2027. Among other things, the revised rules evaluate lending outside traditional assessment areas generated by the growth of non-branch delivery systems, such as online and mobile banking, apply a metrics-based benchmarking approach to assessment, and clarify eligible CRA activities. The final rules were challenged in federal court and a preliminary injunction was granted in March 2024, enjoining implementation of the rules. The effective dates will be extended for each day the injunction remains in place, pending the resolution of the lawsuit. If the final rules are reinstated, they will likely make it more challenging and/or costly for the Bank to receive a rating of at least “Satisfactory” on its CRA exam.

Consumer Regulation. 
Activities of the Bank are subject to a variety of statutes and regulations designed to protect consumers. These laws and regulations include, among numerous other things, provisions that:

•
limit the interest and other charges collected or contracted for by the Bank, including rules respecting the terms of credit cards and of debit card overdrafts;

•
govern the Bank’s disclosures of credit terms to consumer borrowers;

•
require the Bank to provide information to enable the public and public officials to determine whether it is fulfilling its obligation to help meet the housing needs of the communities it serves;

•
prohibit the Bank from discriminating on the basis of race, creed or other prohibited factors when it makes decisions to extend credit;

•
govern the manner in which the Bank may collect consumer debts;

•
prohibit unfair, deceptive or abusive acts or practices in the provision of consumer financial products and services; and

•
The CFPB issued a final rule in March 2024 that capped credit card late fees charged by certain larger card issuers at $8.00. However, this final rule was subsequently enjoined by a court in Texas, and the litigation has continued. The Bank continues to monitor these developments.

Mortgage Rules.
 Pursuant to rules adopted by the CFPB, banks that make residential mortgage loans are required to make a good faith determination that a borrower has the ability to repay a mortgage loan prior to extending such credit, require that certain mortgage loans contain escrow payments, obtain new appraisals under certain circumstances, comply with integrated mortgage disclosure rules, and follow specific rules regarding the compensation of loan originators and the servicing of residential mortgage loans. In 2020, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security (CARES) Act granted certain forbearance rights and protection against foreclosure to borrowers with a “federally backed mortgage loan,” including certain first or subordinate lien loans designed principally for the occupancy of one to four families. These consumer protections under the CARES Act continued during the COVID 19 pandemic emergency, and while most of these protections expired in 2022, on January 18, 2023, in its revised Mortgage Servicing Examination Procedures, the CFPB stated it expected servicers to continue to utilize these safeguards, regardless of their expiration.

21

Table of Contents

Personal Financial Data Rights Rule.
 On October 22, 2024, the CFPB issued a final rule implementing section 1033 of the Dodd-Frank Act, providing consumers with more choices and direction of their own financial data. This rule aims to enhance fair competition, transparency, and accessibility in the markets for consumer financial products and services by requiring institutions that issue credit cards and hold transaction accounts, among others, to provide information about transactions, costs, charges and usage to consumers and authorized third parties in electronic form upon request. The rule mandates that financial institutions and providers allow consumers to access and transfer their financial data to other providers at no charge, which the CFPB believes will promote competition within the industry. Compliance with the rule will be phased in over a five-year period based on asset size for depository institutions, with an expected effective date of April 1, 2027 for our institution. However, this rule has been challenged in court and may be revised by the CFPB. The Bank is monitoring the developments.

Privacy, Credit Reporting and Cybersecurity
. The Bank is subject to federal and state banking regulations that limit its ability to disclose non-public information about consumers to non-affiliated third parties and prescribe standards for the protection of consumer information. These limitations require us to periodically disclose our privacy policies to consumers and allow consumers to prevent disclosure of certain personal information to a non-affiliated third party under certain circumstances. Consumers also have the option to direct banks and other financial institutions not to share information about transactions and experiences with affiliated companies for the purpose of marketing products or services. Banking institutions are required to implement a comprehensive information security program that includes administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to ensure the security and confidentiality of customer records and information, as well as maintain procedures for notifying customers in the event of a security breach. These security and privacy policies and procedures for the protection of confidential and personal information are in effect across our lines of business. The Company has adopted and implemented our Comprehensive Information Security Policy to comply with these federal requirements.

The Bank uses credit bureau data in underwriting activities. Use of such data is regulated under the Fair Credit Reporting Act and Regulation V on a uniform, nationwide basis, including credit reporting, prescreening, and sharing of information between affiliates and the use of credit data. The Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act, which amended the Fair Credit Reporting Act, permits states to enact identity theft laws that are not inconsistent with the conduct required by the provisions of that Act.

Furthermore, the federal banking regulators regularly issue guidance regarding cybersecurity intended to enhance cyber risk management. A financial institution is expected to implement multiple lines of defense against cyber-attacks and ensure that their risk management procedures address the risk posed by potential cyber threats. A financial institution is further expected to maintain procedures to effectively respond to a cyber-attack and resume operations following any such attack. The Company has adopted and implemented an Information Security Program to comply with the regulatory cybersecurity guidance. Effective April 1, 2022, the federal banking agencies implemented a new rule that requires banks to notify their regulators within 36 hours of a “computer-security incident” that rises to the level of a “notification incident.” Refer to Part I, Item 1C. "Cybersecurity" for further discussion.

Risk-retention rules
. Banks that sponsor the securitization of asset-backed securities are generally required to retain not less than 5% of the credit risk of any loan they securitize, except for residential mortgages that meet certain low-risk standards.

Debit Interchange Fees. 
Interchange fees are fees that merchants pay to credit card companies and card-issuing banks such as the Bank for processing electronic payment transactions on their behalf. The maximum permissible interchange fee that an issuer may receive for an electronic debit transaction is the sum of 21 cents per transaction and 5 basis points multiplied by the value of the transaction, subject to an upward adjustment of 1 cent if an issuer certifies that it has implemented policies and procedures reasonably designed to achieve the fraud-prevention standards set forth by the Federal Reserve. In addition, the legislation prohibits card issuers and networks from entering into arrangements requiring that debit card transactions be processed on a single network or only two affiliated networks, and allows merchants to determine transaction routing. On October 25, 2023, the FRB proposed to lower the maximum interchange fee that a large debit card issuer can receive for a debit card transaction. The proposal would also establish a regular process for updating the maximum amount every other year going forward. We continue to monitor the development of these proposed rule revisions.

Interest rates based on LIBOR.
 On March 15, 2022, Congress enacted the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act (the “LIBOR Act”) to address references to LIBOR in contracts that (i) are governed by U.S. law; (ii) did not mature before June 30, 2023; and (iii) lack fallback provisions providing for a clearly defined and practicable replacement for LIBOR. On December 16, 2022, the FRB adopted a final rule to implement the LIBOR Act by identifying benchmark rates based on SOFR (Secured Overnight Financing Rate) that replaced LIBOR in certain financial contracts after June 30, 2023. The final rule identified replacement benchmark rates based on SOFR to replace overnight, one-month, three-month, six-month, and 12-month LIBOR in contracts subject to the LIBOR Act.

Anti-Bribery Laws.
 Federal law prohibits offering or giving a bank official or any third party (or for the bank official to solicit or receive for himself or a third party) "anything of value" other than what is given or offered to the bank itself. Further, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act makes it unlawful to make payments to foreign government officials to assist in obtaining or retaining business.

22

Table of Contents

The Company and the Bank have implemented a Code of Business Ethics that governs the behavior of its officers, employees, and directors.

Nonbanking Subsidiaries

The Company’s nonbanking subsidiaries may also be subject to a variety of state and federal laws. For example, Hancock Whitney Investment Services, Inc. is subject to supervision and regulation by the SEC, FINRA and the State of Mississippi.

Compensation

In June 2010, the federal banking agencies issued joint guidance on executive compensation designed to help ensure that a banking organization’s incentive compensation policies do not encourage imprudent risk taking and are consistent with the safety and soundness of the organization. In addition, in June 2012, the Commission issued final rules to implement the Dodd-Frank Act’s requirement that the Commission direct the national securities exchanges to adopt certain listing standards related to the compensation committee of a company’s board of directors as well as its compensation advisers.

In 2016, the Federal Reserve, FDIC and SEC proposed rules that would, depending upon the assets of the institution, directly regulate incentive compensation arrangements and would require enhanced oversight and recordkeeping. As of December 31, 2024, these rules had not been implemented. We have instituted measures to ensure that our incentive compensation plans do not encourage inappropriate risks, consistent with three key principles—that incentive compensation arrangements should appropriately balance risk and financial rewards, be compatible with effective controls and risk management, and be supported by strong corporate governance.

Accounting and Controls

The Company is also required to file certain reports with, and otherwise comply with the rules and regulations of the SEC under federal securities laws. For example, we are required to comply with various corporate governance and financial reporting requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as well as rules and regulations adopted by the SEC, the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, and Nasdaq. In particular, we are required to include management and independent registered public accounting firm reports on internal controls over financial reporting as part of our Annual Report on Form 10‑K in order to comply with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. We have evaluated our controls, including compliance with the SEC rules on internal controls. The assessments of our financial reporting controls as of December 31, 2024 are included in this report under Item 9A. “Controls and Procedures.” Our failure to comply with these internal control rules may materially adversely affect our reputation, ability to obtain the necessary certifications to financial statements, and the value of our securities.

Effect of Governmental Monetary and Fiscal Policies

The difference between the interest rate paid on deposits and other borrowings and the interest rate received on loans and securities comprises most of a bank’s earnings.

The earnings and growth of a bank will be affected by both general economic conditions and the monetary and fiscal policy of the U.S. government and its agencies, particularly the Federal Reserve. The Federal Reserve sets national monetary policy to promote maximum employment, stable prices, and moderate long-term interest rates. This is accomplished by its open-market operations in U.S. government securities, adjustments in the amount of reserves that financial institutions are required to maintain and adjustments to the discount rates on borrowings and target rates for federal funds transactions. The actions of the Federal Reserve in these areas influence the growth of bank loans, investments and deposits and also affect interest rates on loans and deposits. The nature and timing of any future changes in monetary policies and their potential impact on the Company cannot be predicted.

23

Table of Contents

INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS

The names, ages, positions and business experience of our executive officers as of February 26, 2025 are as follows:

Name

Age

Position

John M. Hairston

61

President of the Company since 2014; Chief Executive Officer since 2008 and Chief Operating Officer from 2008 to 2014; Director since 2006.

Michael M. Achary

64

Senior Executive Vice President since 2017; Executive Vice President from 2008 to 2016; Chief Financial Officer since 2007; Principal Accounting Officer since 2022.

D. Shane Loper

59

President of Hancock Whitney Bank since 2024; Senior Executive Vice President since 2017; Executive Vice President from 2008 to 2016; Chief Operating Officer since 2014; Chief Administrative Officer from 2013 to 2014; Chief Risk Officer from 2012 to 2013; Chief Risk and Administrative Officer from 2010 to 2012.

Michael Otero

58

Senior Executive Vice President since 2025; Executive Vice President since 2013; Chief Risk Officer since 2020; Chief Internal Auditor from 2013 to 2018.

Ruena Hall Thompson

63

Senior Executive Vice President since 2025; Executive Vice President since 2011; Chief Human Resources Officer since 2011.

Christopher S. Ziluca

63

Senior Executive Vice President since 2025; Executive Vice President since 2018; Chief Credit Officer since 2018.

Juanita P. Kuhner

44

Executive Vice President since 2024; General Counsel and Corporate Secretary since 2024; Deputy General Counsel from 2022 to 2024; Senior Vice President from 2021 to 2024; Corporate Counsel from 2017 to 2022; Vice President from 2017 to 2021.

24

Table of Contents

ITE
M 1A.    RISK FACTORS

We face a number of material risks and uncertainties in connection with our operations. Our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected by the factors described below.

While we describe each risk separately, some of these risks are interrelated and certain risks could trigger the applicability of other risks described below. Also, the risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones that we may face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us, or that we currently do not consider significant, could also potentially impair, and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition.

Risks Related to Economic and Market Conditions

Current uncertain economic conditions pose challenges, and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

We are operating in an uncertain economic environment. Our business and operations, which primarily consist of lending money to customers in the form of loans, borrowing money from customers in the form of deposits and investing in securities, are sensitive to general business and economic conditions in the U.S. Continued economic uncertainty and a recessionary or stagnant economy could result in financial stress on our borrowers, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Deteriorating conditions in the regional economies we serve, or in certain sectors of those economies, could drive losses beyond that which is provided for in our allowance for credit losses. We could also face the following risks with the following events:

•
market developments and economic stagnation or slowdown may affect consumer confidence levels and may cause adverse changes in payment patterns, resulting in increased delinquencies and default rates on loans and other credit facilities;

•
the processes we use to estimate the allowance for credit losses and other reserves may prove to be unreliable. Such estimates rely upon complex modeling inputs and judgments, including forecasts of economic conditions, which may be rendered inaccurate and/or no longer subject to accurate forecasting;

•
our ability to assess the creditworthiness of our borrowers may be impaired if the models and approaches we use to select, manage, and underwrite loans become less predictive of future charge-offs;

•
regulatory scrutiny of the industry could increase, leading to increased regulation of the industry that could lead to a higher cost of compliance, limit our ability to pursue business opportunities and increase our exposure to litigation or fines;

•
the current administration may seek to implement a regulatory reform agenda that is significantly different than that of the Biden administration, impacting the rulemaking, supervision, examination and enforcement priorities of the federal banking agencies and potentially resulting in uncertainty;

•
ineffective monetary policy or other market conditions could cause rapid changes in interest rates and asset values that would have a materially adverse impact on our profitability and overall financial condition;

•
further erosion in the fiscal condition of the U.S. Treasury could lead to new taxes that would limit our ability to pursue growth and return profits to shareholders; and

•
the U.S. government’s decisions regarding its debt ceiling and the possibility that the U.S. could default on its debt obligations may cause further interest rate increases, disrupt access to capital markets and deepen recessionary conditions.

If these conditions or similar ones continue to exist or worsen, we could experience continuing or increased adverse effects on our financial condition.

We may be vulnerable to certain sectors of the economy and to economic conditions both generally and locally across the specific markets in which we operate.

Our financial performance may be adversely affected by macroeconomic factors that affect the U.S. economy. Unfavorable economic conditions, particularly in the Gulf South region, could significantly affect the demand for our loans and other products, the ability of borrowers to repay loans, and the value of collateral securing our outstanding loans. Such factors have and may continue to be caused by events that are difficult to predict in respect to nature, timing, duration and severity.

25

Table of Contents

Volatility in global financial markets, including, but not limited to inflation and governmental responses thereto, recessionary concerns, wars and other ongoing global conflicts, may continue to have a spillover effect that could ultimately impair the performance of the U.S. economy and, in turn, our results of operations and financial condition.

We are subject to lending concentration risk.

Our loan portfolio contains several industry, collateral and other concentrations including, but not limited to, commercial and residential real estate, healthcare, hospitality, shared national credits, and leveraged loans. Due to the exposure in these concentrations, disruptions in markets, economic conditions, including those resulting from heightened interest rates, inflation, supply chain disruptions, changes in laws or regulations or other events could significantly impact the ability of our borrowers to repay their loans and may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

A substantial portion of our loan portfolio is secured by real estate. In weak economies, or in areas where real estate market conditions are distressed, we may experience a higher-than-normal level of nonperforming real estate loans. These risks may be exacerbated by heightened interest rates or tightening credit standards. The collateral value of the portfolio and the revenue stream from those loans could come under stress, and/or could be impacted by unforeseen events, such as pandemics, weather events, environmental contamination, among others, and additional provisions for the allowance for credit losses could be necessitated should actual and/or forecasted losses be in excess of our expectations. Our desire to foreclose on these properties given each circumstance and/or the ability to dispose of foreclosed real estate at prices at or above the respective carrying values could also be impaired, causing additional losses.

Certain changes in interest rates, loan origination, inflation, or the financial markets could affect our results of operations, demand for our products and our ability to deliver products efficiently.

Our assets and liabilities are primarily monetary in nature and we are subject to significant risks tied to changes in interest rates that are highly sensitive to many factors that are beyond our control. Inflation can influence the growth of total assets in the banking industry and the resulting level of capitalization. Inflation also affects the level of market interest rates, and therefore, the pricing of financial instruments. We believe the most significant potential impact of inflation on our financial results is our ability to manage the impact of changes in interest rates. Further, an increase in inflation could cause our and/or our customers' operating costs related to salaries and benefits, technology and supplies to increase at a faster pace than revenues.

Our ability to operate profitably is largely dependent upon net interest income. Net interest income is the primary component of our earnings and is affected by both local external factors such as economic conditions in the Gulf South and local competition for loans and deposits, as well as broader influences, such as federal monetary policy and market interest rates. Unexpected and/or significant movement in interest rates markedly changing the slope of the current yield curve could cause our and our customers’ net interest margins to decrease, subsequently reducing net interest income. In addition, such changes could adversely affect the valuation of our assets and liabilities.

In addition, loan originations, and potentially loan revenues, could be adversely impacted by sharply rising interest rates. Heightened interest rates have had and may continue to have adverse impacts on our borrowers and demand for our loan products. Continued heightened interest rates would increase debt service requirements for some of our borrowers; adversely affect those borrowers’ ability to pay us as contractually obligated; potentially reduce loan demand or result in additional delinquencies or charge-offs; and increase the cost of our deposits, which are a primary source of funding.

The fair market value of our securities portfolio and the investment income from these securities also fluctuate depending on general economic and market conditions. In addition, actual net investment income and/or cash flows from investments that carry prepayment risk, such as mortgage-backed and other asset-backed securities, may differ from those anticipated at the time of investment as a result of interest rate fluctuations. Changes in market values of investment securities classified as available for sale have impacted and may continue to negatively impact our other comprehensive income and equity levels through accumulated other comprehensive income, which includes net unrealized gains and losses on those securities. Further, such losses could be realized into earnings should liquidity and/or business strategy necessitate the sales of securities in a loss position.

An underperforming stock market could adversely affect wealth management fees associated with managed securities portfolios and could also reduce brokerage transactions, therefore reducing investment brokerage revenues.

Although management believes it has implemented an effective asset and liability management strategy to manage the potential effects of changes in interest rates, including the use of adjustable rate and/or short-term assets, and FHLB advances or longer term repurchase agreements, any substantial, unexpected change in market interest rates could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of our operation and our strategies may not always be successful in managing the risks associated with changes in interest rates.

26

Table of Contents

Changes in the policies of monetary authorities and other government action could adversely affect our profitability.

Interest rates and our financial performance are affected by credit policies of monetary authorities, particularly the Federal Reserve. The instruments of monetary policy employed by the Federal Reserve include open market transactions in U.S. government securities, changes in the discount rate or the federal funds rate on bank borrowings and changes in reserve requirements against bank deposits. In view of changing conditions in the national economy and in the money markets, we cannot predict the potential impact of future changes in interest rates, deposit levels, and loan demand on our business and earnings with certainty. Furthermore, the actions of the U.S. government and other governments have resulted, and in the future may result in currency fluctuations, exchange controls, market disruption, material decreases in the values of certain of our financial assets and other adverse effects.

Interest rate changes are dependent on the Federal Reserve’s assessment of economic data as it becomes available. Beginning in early 2022 and continuing into 2023, the Federal Reserve raised interest rates aggressively to combat inflation. Beginning in the third quarter of 2024, the Federal Reserve began slowly decreasing interest rates, with future interest rate changes, either increases or decreases uncertain, and dependent on the Federal Reserve’s assessment of economic conditions and inflation. As a result of both the rising and sustained elevated interest rate environment compared to recent historical norms, we have and may continue to offer more attractive interest rates to depositors to compete for deposits, or pursue other sources of liquidity, such as wholesale funds. Further, when interest-bearing liabilities reprice or mature more quickly than interest-earning assets, an increase in interest rates generally results in a decrease in net interest income. Conversely, decreasing interest rates reduce our yield on our variable rate loans and on our new loans, which reduces our net interest income. In addition, lower interest rates may reduce our realized yields on investment securities which would reduce our net interest income and cause downward pressure on net interest margin in future periods. A significant reduction in our net interest income could have a material adverse impact on our capital, financial condition and results of operations.

Changes in monetary policy, including changes in interest rates, influence (i) the amount of interest we receive on loans and securities, (ii) the amount of interest we pay on deposits and borrowings, (iii) our ability to originate loans and obtain deposits, (iv) the fair value of our assets and liabilities, and (v) the reinvestment risk associated with changes in the duration of our mortgage-backed securities portfolio.

Changes in U.S. trade policies and other factors beyond the Company's control, including the imposition of tariffs and retaliatory tariffs, may adversely impact its business, financial condition and results of operations.

Changes to U.S. trade policies, legislation, treaties and tariffs, including trade policies and tariffs affecting other countries, including China, the European Union, Canada and Mexico and retaliatory tariffs by such countries may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. Tariffs, retaliatory tariffs or other trade restrictions on products and materials that the Company’s customers import or export, including among others, agricultural products, could cause the prices of our customers’ products to increase, could reduce demand for such products, or reduce our customers’ margins, and adversely impact their revenues, financial results and ability to service debt. Trade restrictions on products include export and import restrictions, such as those levied against Russia.

In addition, to the extent changes in the political environment have a negative impact on the Company or on the markets in which the Company operates its business, its results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely impacted.

The financial soundness and stability of other financial institutions could adversely affect us.

Our ability to engage in routine funding transactions could be adversely affected by the actions and financial soundness and stability of other financial institutions as a result of credit, trading, clearing or other relationships with such institutions. We routinely execute transactions with counterparties in the financial industry, including brokers and dealers, commercial banks and other institutional clients. As a result, defaults by, and even rumors regarding, other financial institutions, regional banks, or the financial services industry generally, could impair our ability to effect such transactions and could lead to losses or defaults by us. In addition, a number of our transactions expose us to credit risk in the event of default of a counterparty or client. Additionally, our credit risk may be increased if the collateral we hold in connection with such transactions cannot be realized or can only be liquidated at prices that are not sufficient to cover the full amount of our financial exposure. Any such losses could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

Further, bank failures, including the failures in the first half of 2023, have and may in the future diminish public confidence in small and regional banks’ abilities to safeguard deposits in excess of federally insured limits, which could prompt customers to maintain their deposits with larger financial institutions. Concerns over rapid, large-scale deposit movement have and could in the future heighten regulatory scrutiny surrounding liquidity and increase competition for deposits and the resulting cost of funding, which could create pressure on our net interest margin and results of operations. In addition, bank failures have and could in the future prompt the FDIC to increase deposit insurance costs. Increases in funding, deposit insurance or other costs as a result of these types of events

27

Table of Contents

have and could in the future materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Further, the disruption following these types of events have and could in the future generate significant market trading volatility among publicly traded bank holding companies and, in particular, regional banks like Hancock Whitney Bank.

Tax law and regulatory changes could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.

Changes to tax laws could significantly impact our business in the form of greater than expected income tax expense and taxes payable. Such changes may also negatively impact the financial condition of our customers and/or overall economic conditions. Further, future regulatory reforms that could include a heightened focus and scrutiny on BSA/AML-related compliance, expansion of consumer protections, the regulation of loan portfolios and credit concentrations to borrowers impacted by climate change, increased capital and liquidity requirements and limitations or additional taxes on share repurchases and dividends, could increase our costs and impact our business.

Governmental responses to market disruptions and other events may be inadequate and may have unintended consequences.

Congress and financial regulators have and may continue to implement measures designed to stabilize financial markets, including in reaction to inflation. The overall impact of these efforts on the financial markets may be ineffective and could adversely affect our business.

We compete with a number of financial services companies that are not subject to the same degree of regulatory oversight. Further, our credit union competitors benefit from competitive advantages, including the credit union exemption from paying federal income tax and can, therefore, more aggressively price many products and services. The impact of the existing regulatory framework and any future changes to it could negatively affect our ability to compete with these institutions, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and prospects.

We may need to rely on the financial markets to provide additional capital.

Our common stock is listed and traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market. If our capital resources are inadequate to meet our capital requirements in the future, we may need to raise additional debt or equity capital. If conditions in the capital markets are not favorable, we may be constrained in raising capital. We maintain a consistent analyst following; therefore, downgrades in our prospects by one or more of our analysts may cause our stock price to fall and significantly limit our ability to access the markets for additional capital requirements. An inability to raise additional capital on acceptable terms when and if needed could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.

The interest rates that we pay on our securities are also influenced by, among other things, the credit ratings that we, our affiliates and/or our securities receive from recognized rating agencies. Our credit ratings are based on a number of factors, including our financial strength and other factors not entirely within our control such as conditions affecting the financial services industry generally, and remain subject to change at any time. A downgrade to the credit rating of us or our affiliates could affect our ability to access the capital markets, increase our borrowing costs and negatively impact our profitability. A downgrade to us, our affiliates or our securities could create obligations or liabilities under the terms of our outstanding securities that could increase our costs or otherwise have a negative effect on our results of operations or financial condition. Additionally, a downgrade to the credit rating of any particular security issued by us or our affiliates could negatively affect the ability of the holders of that security to sell the securities and the prices at which any such securities may be sold.

Because our decision to incur debt and issue securities in future offerings will depend on market conditions and other factors beyond our control, we cannot predict or estimate the amount, timing or nature of our future offerings and debt financings. Further, market conditions could require us to accept less favorable terms for the issuance of our securities in the future. In addition, geopolitical and worldwide market conditions may cause disruption or volatility in the U.S. equity and debt markets, which could hinder our ability to issue debt and equity securities in the future on favorable terms.

Our investments in certain tax-advantaged projects may not generate returns as anticipated or at all and may have an adverse impact on our results of operations.

We invest in certain tax-advantaged investments that support qualified affordable housing projects and other community development initiatives. Our investments in these projects rely on the ability of the projects to generate a return primarily through the realization of federal and state income tax credits and other tax benefits. We face the risk that tax credits, which remain subject to recapture by taxing authorities based on compliance with relevant requirements at the project level, may not be able to be realized. The risk of not being able to realize the tax credits and other tax benefits associated with a particular project depends on many factors that are outside of our control. The project’s failure to maintain compliance impacts our ability to realize these tax credits and other tax benefits, which may have a negative impact on our investment, and as a result, on our financial condition and results of operations.

28

Table of Contents

Risks Related to the Financial Services Industry

We must maintain adequate sources of funding and liquidity.

Effective liquidity management is essential for the operation of our business. We require sufficient liquidity to support our operations and fund outstanding liabilities, as well as to meet regulatory requirements. Our access to sources of liquidity in amounts adequate to fund our activities on terms that are acceptable to us could be impaired by factors that affect us specifically or the financial services industry or economy generally. Factors that could detrimentally impact our access to liquidity sources include an economic downturn that affects the geographic markets in which our loans and operations are concentrated, or any material deterioration of the credit markets. Our operating results may also be negatively impacted by the value of our securities portfolio, if liquidity and/or business strategy necessitate the sales of securities in a loss position, and/or access to select sources of liquidity could be limited should unrealized losses continue to grow to exceed certain levels. Our access to deposits may also be affected by the liquidity needs of our depositors and the loss of deposits to alternative institutions or investments. Although we have historically been successful in replacing maturing deposits and advances as necessary, we might not be able to duplicate that success in the future, especially if a large number of our depositors were to withdraw their amounts on deposit. A failure to maintain an adequate level of liquidity could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Conversely, liquidity in excess of current demand or operating needs may result in lower-earning assets that may adversely affect our results of operations.

Greater loan losses than expected may adversely affect our earnings.

We are exposed to the risk that our borrowers will be unable to repay their loans in accordance with their terms and that any collateral securing the payment of their loans may not be sufficient to assure repayment. Credit risk is inherent in our business and any material level of credit failure could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. Our credit risk with respect to our real estate and construction loan portfolios relates principally to the creditworthiness of our corporate borrowers and the value of the real estate pledged as security for the repayment of loans. Our credit risk with respect to our commercial and consumer loan portfolios depends on the general creditworthiness of businesses and individuals within our local markets.

We make various assumptions and judgments about the collectability of our loan portfolio and provide an allowance for estimated credit losses based on a number of factors. This process requires subjective and complex judgments, including analysis of economic or market conditions that might impair the ability of borrowers to repay their loans. If our assumptions or judgments prove to be incorrect, the allowance for credit losses may not be sufficient to cover actual credit losses. We may have to increase our allowance in the future in response to the request of one of our primary banking regulators, to adjust for changing conditions and assumptions, to adjust for changes in resolution strategies, or as a result of any deterioration in the quality of our loan and lease portfolio. Losses in excess of the existing allowance or any provisions for loan losses taken to increase the allowance will reduce our net income and could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Future provisions for loan losses may vary materially from the amounts of past provisions.

Further, we use quantitative models to help manage certain aspects of our business and to assist with certain business decisions, including estimating credit losses, grading loans and extending credit, estimating the effects of changing interest rates and other market measures on our financial condition and results of operations. Our modeling methodologies rely on many assumptions, historical analyses and correlations. These assumptions may be incorrect, particularly in times of market distress or volatility, and the historical correlations on which we rely may not continue to be relevant. As a result, our models may not capture or fully express the risks we face or may lead us to misjudge the business and economic environment in which we operate. If our models fail to produce reliable results on an ongoing basis, we may not make appropriate risk management or other business or financial decisions. Furthermore, strategies that we employ to manage and govern the risks associated with our use of models may not be effective or fully reliable, and as a result, we may realize losses or other lapses.

We depend on the accuracy and completeness of information about clients and counterparties.

In deciding whether to extend credit or enter into other transactions with clients and counterparties, we rely in substantial part on information furnished by or on behalf of clients and counterparties, including financial statements and other financial information. We also may rely on representations of clients and counterparties as to the accuracy and completeness of that information and, with respect to financial statements, on reports of independent auditors if made available. If this information is inaccurate, we may be subject to loan defaults, financial losses, regulatory action, reputational harm or other adverse effects with respect to our business, financial condition and results of operations.

We are subject to a variety of risks in connection with the sale of any loans.

From time to time, we may sell all or a portion of one or more loan portfolios, and in connection therewith we may make certain representations and warranties to the purchaser concerning the loans sold and the procedures under which those loans were originated and serviced. If any of these representations and warranties are incorrect, we may be required to indemnify the purchaser for any

29

Table of Contents

related losses, or we may be required to repurchase part or all of the affected loans. We may also be required to repurchase loans as a result of borrower fraud or in the event of early payment default by the borrower on a loan we have sold. If we are required to make any indemnity payments or repurchases and do not have a remedy available to us against a solvent counterparty to the loan or loans, we may not be able to recover our losses resulting from these indemnity payments and repurchases. Consequently, our results of operations may be adversely affected.

Risks Related to Our Operations

A failure in our operational systems or infrastructure, or those of third parties, could impair our liquidity, disrupt our businesses, result in the unauthorized disclosure of confidential information, damage our reputation and cause financial losses.

Our ability to adequately conduct and grow our business is dependent on our ability to create and maintain an appropriate operational and organizational control infrastructure. Operational risk can arise in numerous ways including employee fraud, theft or malfeasance; customer fraud; and control lapses in bank operations and information technology. Because the nature of the financial services business involves a high volume of transactions, certain errors in processing or recording transactions appropriately may be repeated or compounded before they are discovered. We have recently and plan to continue to make investments in technologies for sales and service, including mobile and online banking, as well as teller, customer service and loan origination platforms. These technologies and/or operational changes may lead to increased operational risk. Our dependence on our employees and automated systems, including the automated systems used by acquired entities and third parties, to record and process transactions may further increase the risk that technical failures or tampering of those systems will result in losses that are difficult to detect. We are also subject to disruptions of our operating systems arising from events that are wholly or partially beyond our control. In addition, products, services and processes are continually changing and we may not fully appreciate or identify new operational risks that may arise from such changes. Failure to maintain an appropriate operational infrastructure can lead to loss of service to customers, additional expenditures related to the detection and correction of operational failures, reputational damage and loss of customer confidence, legal actions, and noncompliance with various laws and regulations.

We continuously monitor our operational and technological capabilities and make modifications and improvements when we believe it to be appropriate to do so. However, there are inherent limits to such capabilities. In some instances, we may build and maintain these capabilities ourselves. We also outsource some of these functions to third parties. These third parties may experience errors or disruptions that could adversely impact us and over which we may have limited control. Third parties may fail to properly perform services or comply with applicable laws and regulations, and replacing third-party providers could entail significant delay and expense. We also face risk from the integration of new infrastructure platforms and/or new third-party providers of such platforms into existing businesses.

Our operational and communications systems and infrastructure may fail or may be the subject of a breach or cyber-attack that, if successful, could adversely affect our business and disrupt business continuity.

We depend on our ability to process, record and monitor a large number of client transactions and to communicate with clients and other institutions on a continuous basis. Our clients depend on us for access to their assets and account information.

Our online, business, financial, accounting, data processing, or other operating systems and facilities may stop operating properly or become disabled or damaged as a result of a number of factors, including events that are wholly or partially beyond our control. For example, there could be sudden increases in client transaction volume; electrical or telecommunications outages; natural disasters such as earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, and hurricanes; pandemics; events arising from local or larger scale political or social matters, including terrorist acts; occurrences of employee error, fraud, or malfeasance; and, as described below, cyber-attacks. Furthermore, for most financial institutions, transitioning from existing systems and software (or transitioning legacy systems and software) to a new provider is a significant and expensive undertaking and includes a number of risks, including crashes and system downtime, transition costs, decreased productivity, security risk, and legal and regulatory compliance risks.

Although we have response plans, business continuity plans and other safeguards in place, our operations and communications may be adversely affected by significant and widespread disruption to our systems and infrastructure that support our businesses and clients. While we continue to evolve and modify our response and business continuity plans, there can be no assurance in an escalating threat environment that they will be effective in avoiding disruption and business impacts. Our insurance may not be adequate to compensate us for all resulting losses, and the cost to obtain adequate coverage may continue to increase for us or the industry.

Security risks for financial institutions such as ours have dramatically increased in recent years, in part because of the proliferation of new technologies, the use of the internet and telecommunications technologies to conduct financial transactions, and the increased sophistication, resources and activities of hackers, terrorists, activists, organized crime, and other external parties, including nation state actors. In addition, clients may use devices or software to access our products and services that are beyond our control environment, which may provide additional avenues for attackers to gain access to confidential information. Although we have

30

Table of Contents

information security procedures and controls in place, certain of our technologies, systems, networks, and clients’ devices and software have in the past and in the future likely will continue to be the target of cyber-attacks or information security breaches that could result in the unauthorized release, gathering, monitoring, use, loss, change or destruction of our or our clients’ confidential, proprietary and other information (including personal identifying information of individuals), or otherwise disrupt our or our clients’ or other third parties’ business operations. From time to time, we, like other financial institutions, become aware of information security vulnerabilities in software emanating from outside vendors and must take active steps to mitigate and prevent the potential exploitation of such vulnerabilities. Further, U.S. financial institutions and financial services companies will continue to face breaches in security of their websites or other systems, including attempts to shut down access to their networks and systems in an attempt to extract compensation from them to regain control. Financial institutions have also experienced, and will continue to be the target of, distributed denial-of-service attacks, a sophisticated and targeted attack intended to disable or degrade internet service or to sabotage systems.

We and others in our industry are, and will continue to be, regularly the subject of attempts by attackers to gain unauthorized access to our networks, systems, data and other infrastructure, or to obtain, change, or destroy confidential data (including personal identifying information of individuals) through a variety of means, including computer hacking, acts of vandalism or theft, malware, computer viruses or other malicious codes, phishing, employee error or malfeasance, catastrophes, unforeseen events or other cyber-attacks. In the future, these attacks may result in unauthorized individuals obtaining material access to our confidential information or that of our clients, or otherwise materially accessing, damaging, or disrupting our systems or infrastructure.

To date, we have seen no material adverse impact on our business or operations from cyber-attacks or events. Any future significant compromise or breach of our data security, whether external or internal, or misuse of customer, associate, supplier or Company data, could result in significant disruption of our operations, reimbursement and other costs, lost sales, fines, lawsuits and other legal exposure, a loss of trust in us on the part of our clients, vendors or other counterparties, client attrition and damage to our reputation. Any of these could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, our financial condition, and/or our share price. However, the ever-evolving threats mean we and our third-party service providers and vendors must continually evaluate and adapt our respective systems and processes and overall security environment, as well as those of any companies we acquire. We are continuously enhancing our controls, processes and practices designed to protect our networks, systems, data and other infrastructure from attack, damage or unauthorized access. This continued enhancement will require us to expend additional resources, including to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities that may be detected. Despite our ongoing investments in security resources, talent, and business practices, there is no guarantee that these measures will be adequate to safeguard against all data security breaches, system compromises or misuses of data.

We rely on other companies to provide key components of our business infrastructure.

We rely on certain third parties to provide products and services necessary to maintain day-to-day operations, such as back-office support, data processing and storage, recording and monitoring transactions, online banking interfaces and services, Internet connections, telecommunications, and network access. The failure of a third party to perform in accordance with the contracted arrangements under service level agreements as a result of changes in the third party’s organizational structure, financial condition, support for existing products and services, strategic focus, system interruption or breaches, or for any other reason, could be disruptive to our operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our third-party applications may include confidential and proprietary data provided by vendors and by us, including personal employee and/or customer data. While we conduct due diligence prior to engaging with third-party vendors and perform ongoing monitoring of vendor controls, we do not control their operations. Further, while our vendor management policies and practices are designed to comply with current regulations, these policies and practices cannot eliminate this risk. Replacing these third parties could also create significant delays and expense. Accordingly, use of such third parties creates an inherent risk to our business operations.

The development and use of artificial intelligence (AI) presents risks and challenges that may adversely impact our business.

The Company or its third-party (or fourth-party) vendors, clients or counterparties may develop or incorporate AI technology in certain business processes, services, or products. The development and use of AI presents a number of risks and challenges to the Company’s business. The legal and regulatory environment relating to AI is uncertain and rapidly evolving, both in the U.S. and internationally, and includes regulatory schemes targeted specifically at AI as well as provisions in intellectual property, privacy, consumer protection, employment, and other laws applicable to the use of AI. These evolving laws and regulations could require changes in the Company’s implementation of AI technology and increase the Company’s compliance costs and the risk of non-compliance. AI models, particularly generative AI models, may produce output or take action that is incorrect, that reflects biases included in the data on which they are trained, that results in the release of private, confidential, or proprietary information, that infringes on the intellectual property rights of others, or that is otherwise harmful. In addition, the complexity of many AI models makes it difficult to understand why they are generating particular outputs. This limited transparency increases the challenges associated with assessing the proper operation of AI models, understanding and monitoring the capabilities of the AI models, reducing erroneous output, eliminating bias, and complying with regulations that require documentation or explanation of the basis on which decisions are made. Further, the Company may rely on AI models developed by third parties, and, to that extent, would be dependent

31

Table of Contents

in part on the manner in which those third parties develop and train their models, including risks arising from the inclusion of any unauthorized material in the training data for their models and the effectiveness of the steps these third parties have taken to limit the risks associated with the output of their models, matters over which the Company may have limited visibility. Any of these risks could expose the Company to liability or adverse legal or regulatory consequences and harm the Company’s reputation and the public perception of its business or the effectiveness of its security measures.

We, or third parties from whom we license critical information technology systems, have in the past been, and in the future may be alleged to have infringed upon intellectual property rights owned by others.

Competitors or other third parties have in the past alleged, and in the future may allege that we, or consultants or other third parties retained or indemnified by us or from whom we license critical information technology systems, infringe on their intellectual property rights. Given the complex, rapidly changing and competitive technological and business environment in which we operate, and the potential risks and uncertainties of intellectual property-related litigation, an assertion of an infringement claim against us or our vendors may cause us to spend significant amounts to defend the claim (even if we ultimately prevail); to pay significant money damages; to lose significant revenues; to be prohibited from using the relevant systems, processes, technologies or other intellectual property; to cease offering certain products or services or to incur significant license, royalty or technology development expenses. Moreover, it has become common in recent years for individuals and groups to purchase intellectual property assets for the sole purpose of making claims of infringement and attempting to extract settlements from companies like ours. Even in instances where we believe that claims and allegations of intellectual property infringement against us are without merit, defending against such claims is time consuming and expensive and could result in the diversion of time and attention of our management and employees. In addition, although in some cases a third party may have agreed to indemnify us for such costs, such indemnifying party may refuse, or be unable, to uphold its contractual obligations.

Employee misconduct could expose us to significant legal liability and reputational harm.

We are vulnerable to reputational harm because we operate in an industry in which integrity and the confidence of our customers are of critical importance. Our employees could engage in fraudulent, illegal, wrongful or suspicious activities, improper use or disclosure of confidential information and/or activities resulting in consumer harm that adversely affects our customers and/or our business. The precautions we take to detect and prevent such misconduct may not always be effective, and we may be exposed to regulatory sanctions and/or penalties, and serious harm to our reputation, financial condition, customer relationships and ability to attract new customers.

Our business may be adversely affected by fraud.

As a financial institution, we are inherently exposed to risk in the form of theft and other fraudulent activities by customers, employees, or other third parties targeting us or our customers or data. Such activity may take many forms, including check fraud, electronic fraud, wire fraud, phishing, social engineering, spoofing, and other dishonest acts. Although we devote substantial resources to maintaining effective policies and internal controls to identify and prevent such incidents, given the increasing sophistication of possible perpetrators, we may experience financial losses or reputational harm as a result of fraud. Further, as a result of the increased sophistication of fraud activity, we continue to invest in systems, resources, and controls to detect and prevent fraud. This will result in continued ongoing investments in the future.

The value of our goodwill and other intangible assets may decline in the future.

A significant decline in our expected future cash flows, a significant adverse change in the business climate, slower growth rates or a significant and sustained decline in the price of our common stock may necessitate our taking charges in the future to reflect an impairment of our goodwill. Future regulatory actions and accounting changes could also have a material impact on assessments of goodwill for impairment.

Adverse events or circumstances could impact the recoverability of our intangible assets, including significant loss of core deposits and/or customer relationships acquired in our trust and asset management transaction, and increased competition or adverse changes in the economy related to these products. To the extent these intangible assets are deemed unrecoverable, a non-cash impairment charge would be recorded. While an impairment charge does not impact regulatory capital, it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.

32

Table of Contents

Risks Related to Our Business Strategy

We are subject to industry competition which may have an impact upon our success.

Our profitability depends on our ability to compete successfully in a highly competitive market for banking and financial services, and we expect such challenges to continue. Certain of our competitors are larger, have more resources than we do and may be perceived as better than regional banks at safeguarding deposits in excess of federally insured limits. We face competition in our regional market areas from other commercial banks, savings associations, credit unions, mortgage banking firms, securities brokerage firms, mutual funds and insurance companies, and other financial institutions that offer similar services. Some of our nonbank competitors are not subject to the same extensive supervision and regulation to which we or the Bank are subject, and may accordingly have greater flexibility in competing for business. Over time, certain sectors of the financial services industry have become more concentrated, as institutions involved in a broad range of financial services have been acquired by other firms. These developments could result in our competitors gaining greater capital and other resources, or being able to offer a broader range of products and services with more geographic range.

Our loan and deposit pricing may be negatively impacted by our competitive environment. If our fee structures are deemed less favorable than other financial services providers, we may be at a competitive disadvantage in attracting customers for certain fee producing products. Further, we may choose to implement changes to remain competitive that could adversely affect our operating results.

Another competitive factor is that the financial services market, including banking services, is undergoing rapid changes with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services, primarily as a result of the increased digitization of banking services. We compete with many forms of payments offered by both bank and non-bank providers, including a variety of new and evolving alternative payment mechanisms, systems and products, such as aggregators and web-based and wireless payment platforms or technologies, digital or “crypto” currencies, prepaid systems and payment services targeting users of social networks, communications platforms and online gaming. Our future success may depend, in part, on our ability to use technology competitively to offer products and services that provide convenience to customers and create additional efficiencies in our operations. The widespread adoption of new technologies has and will continue to require us to make substantial capital expenditures to modify or adapt our systems to remain competitive and offer new products and services. Our ability to effectively implement new technologies to improve our operations and systems will impact our competitive position in the financial services industry. Furthermore, we may not be successful in introducing new products and services in response to industry trends or developments in technology, or those new products may not be accepted by customers.

If we are unable to successfully compete with traditional competitors as well as the evolving landscape of fintech companies and other nontraditional competitors to attract and retain customers, our business, financial condition or results of operations may also be adversely affected, perhaps materially. In particular, if we experience an outflow of deposits as a result of our customers desiring to do business with our competitors, we may be forced to rely more heavily on borrowings and other sources of funding to operate our business and meet withdrawal demands, thereby adversely affecting our net interest margin.

The implementation of new lines of business or new products and services may subject us to additional risk.

We continuously evaluate our service offerings and may implement new lines of business or offer new products and services within existing lines of business in the future. There are substantial risks and uncertainties associated with these efforts. The development of new lines of business or new products and services often requires the commitment of significant resources that may not be recouped if not successful. Variables beyond our control or that we do not foresee may prevent the successful implementation of new lines of business, products or services. Initial timetables for the introduction and development of new lines of business and/or new products or services may not be achieved, and price and profitability targets may not prove feasible. External factors, such as compliance with regulations, competitive alternatives, and shifting market preferences, may also impact the successful implementation of a new line of business and/or a new product or service. Furthermore, any new line of business and/or new product or service could require the establishment of new key and other controls and have a significant impact on our existing system of internal controls. Failure to successfully manage these risks in the development and implementation of new lines of business and/or new products or services could have a material adverse effect on our business and, in turn, our financial condition and results of operations.

33

Table of Contents

We may not realize the expected benefits from our efficiency and growth initiatives, which could negatively impact our future profitability.

Operating costs must decrease or grow at a slower pace than overall revenue in order to thrive in the competitive banking environment. We have and will continue to implement strategies to grow our loan portfolio and increase noninterest income in order to realize earnings growth and to remain competitive with the other banks in the markets we serve. We are continuously focused on growth initiatives and strategies for expense reductions to increase efficiencies. While we have had success in cost-savings and revenue growth in the past, there is no guarantee that these initiatives will be successful in the future. In addition, while expense control continues to be a top focus for us, management also expects to continue to make strategic investments in technology that are expected to improve our customer experience and support future growth, which will require an increase in expenditures. There can be no assurance that we will ultimately realize the anticipated benefits of our expense reduction and growth strategies, which may impair our earnings growth. Further, we may not be able to realize cost savings or revenue benefits in the time period expected and/or be able to sustain success in such items at targeted levels, which could negatively affect our near-term profitability.

Our future growth and financial performance may be negatively affected if we are unable to successfully execute our growth plans, which may include acquisitions and de novo branching.

We may not be able to continue our organic or internal growth, which depends upon economic conditions, our ability to identify appropriate markets for expansion, our ability to recruit and retain qualified personnel, our ability to fund growth at a reasonable cost, sufficient capital to support our growth initiatives, competitive factors, banking laws, and other factors.

We may seek to supplement our internal growth through acquisitions. We cannot predict the number, size or timing of acquisitions, or whether any such acquisition will occur at all. Our acquisition efforts have traditionally focused on targeted banking entities in markets in which we currently operate and markets in which we believe we can compete effectively. However, as consolidation of the financial services industry continues, the competition for suitable acquisition candidates may increase and, as the number of appropriate targets decreases, the prices for potential acquisitions could increase which could reduce our potential returns and reduce the attractiveness of these opportunities to us. In addition, we have and expect to continue to seek to acquire other businesses or segments of business that may support or add to existing product lines, such as trust and asset management services. We may compete with other financial services companies for acquisition opportunities, and many of these competitors have greater financial resources than we do and may be able to pay more for an acquisition than we are able or willing to pay.

We also may be required to use a substantial amount of our available cash and other liquid assets, or seek additional debt or equity financing, to fund future acquisitions. Such events could make us more susceptible to economic downturns and competitive pressures, and additional debt service requirements may impose a significant burden on our results of operations and financial condition. If we are unable to locate suitable acquisition candidates willing to sell on terms acceptable to us, or we are otherwise unable to obtain additional debt or equity financing necessary for us to continue making acquisitions, we would be required to find other methods to grow our business and we may not grow at the same rate we have in the past, or at all.

We must generally satisfy several conditions, including receiving federal regulatory approval, in order to execute most acquisition transactions. In determining whether to approve a proposed bank acquisition, federal bank regulators will consider, among other factors, the effect of the acquisition on competition, financial condition, and future prospects. The regulators also review current and projected capital ratios and levels; the competence, experience, and integrity of management and its record of compliance with laws and regulations; the convenience and needs of the communities to be served (including the acquiring institution’s record of compliance under the Community Reinvestment Act) and the effectiveness of the acquiring institution in combating money laundering activities. We cannot be certain when or if, or on what terms and conditions, any required regulatory approvals will be granted. We may also be required to sell banks or branches as a condition to receiving regulatory approval, which condition may not be acceptable to us or, if acceptable to us, may reduce the benefit of any acquisition. Additionally, federal and/or state regulators may charge us with regulatory and compliance failures of an acquired business that occurred prior to the date of acquisition, and such failures may result in the imposition of formal or informal enforcement actions.

We cannot provide assurance that we will be able to successfully consolidate any business or assets we acquire with our existing business. The integration of acquired operations and assets may require substantial management effort, time and resources and may divert management’s focus from other strategic opportunities and operational matters. Acquisitions may not perform as expected when the transaction was consummated and may be dilutive to our overall operating results and stockholders’ equity per share of common stock. Specifically, acquisitions could result in higher-than-expected deposit attrition, loss of key employees or other consequences that could adversely affect our ability to maintain relationships with customers and employees. We may also sell or consider selling one or more of our businesses. Such a sale would generally be subject to certain federal and/or state regulatory approvals, and may not be able to generate gains on sale or related increases in stockholders’ equity commensurate with desirable levels.

34

Table of Contents

In addition to the acquisition of existing financial institutions, as opportunities arise, we may explore 
de novo 
branching as a part of our internal growth strategy and possibly enter into new markets through 
de novo
 branching. 
De novo 
branching and any acquisition carry numerous risks, including the following:

•
the inability to obtain all required regulatory approvals; 

•
significant costs and anticipated operating losses associated with establishing a 
de novo
 branch or a new bank; 

•
the inability to secure the services of qualified senior management; 

•
the failure of the local market to accept the services of a new bank owned and managed by a bank holding company headquartered outside of the market area of the new bank; 

•
economic downturns in the new market; 

•
the inability to obtain attractive locations within a new market at a reasonable cost; and 

•
the additional strain on management resources and internal systems and controls.

We have experienced, to some extent, many of these risks with our 
de novo
 branching to date.

Changes in retail distribution strategies and consumer behavior may adversely impact our investments in bank premises, equipment, technology and other assets and may lead to increased expenditures to change our retail distribution channel.

We have significant investments in bank premises and equipment for our branch network. Advances in technology such as e-commerce, telephone, internet and mobile banking, and in-branch self-service technologies including automated teller machines and other equipment, as well as an increasing customer preference for these other methods of accessing our products and services, could decrease the value of our branch network, technology, or other retail distribution physical assets. Such advances may also cause us to change our retail distribution strategy, close and/or sell certain branches or parcels of land held for development and restructure or reduce our remaining branches and work force. Such actions in the future could lead to losses on disposition of such assets or could adversely impact the carrying value of any long-lived assets and may lead to increased expenditures to renovate, reconfigure or close a number of our remaining branches or to otherwise reform our retail distribution channel.

Risks Related to the Legal and Regulatory Environment

We are subject to regulation by various federal and state entities.

We are subject to the regulations of the Commission, the Federal Reserve, the FDIC, the CFPB and the MDBCF. New regulations issued by these or other agencies may adversely affect our ability to carry on our business activities. We are subject to various federal and state laws, and certain changes in these laws and regulations may adversely affect our operations. Other than the federal securities laws, the laws and regulations governing our business are intended primarily for the protection of our depositors, our customers, the financial system and the FDIC insurance fund, not our shareholders or other creditors. Further, we must obtain approval from our regulators before engaging in certain activities, and our regulators have the ability to compel us to, or restrict us from, taking certain actions entirely, such as increasing dividends, entering into merger or acquisition transactions, acquiring or establishing new branches, and entering into certain new businesses. Noncompliance with certain of these regulations may impact our business plans, including our ability to branch, offer certain products, or execute existing or planned business strategies.

For additional information regarding laws and regulations to which our business is subject, see “Supervision and Regulation.”

Any of the laws or regulations to which we are subject, including tax laws, regulations or their interpretations, may be modified or changed from time to time, and we cannot be assured that such modifications or changes will not adversely affect us. Failure to appropriately comply with any such laws or regulations could result in sanctions by regulatory authorities, civil monetary penalties or damage to our reputation, all of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Further, implementation of new rules, such as the Commission’s proposed climate related disclosures, could require additional cost and negatively impact operating results.

In addition, as the regulatory environment related to information security, data collection and use, and privacy becomes increasingly rigorous, with new and constantly changing requirements applicable to our business, compliance with those requirements could also result in additional costs.

We and other financial institutions have been the subject of litigation, investigations and other proceedings which could result in legal liability and damage to our reputation.

We and certain of our directors, officers and subsidiaries are named from time to time as defendants in various class actions and other litigation relating to our business and activities. Past, present and future litigation has included or could include claims for substantial compensatory and/or punitive damages or claims for indeterminate amounts of damages. We are also involved from time to time in

35

Table of Contents

other reviews, investigations and proceedings (both formal and informal) by governmental, law enforcement and self-regulatory agencies regarding our business. These matters could result in adverse judgments, settlements, fines, penalties, injunctions, amendments and/or restatements of our Commission filings and/or financial statements, determinations of material weaknesses in our disclosure controls and procedures or other relief. Substantial legal liability or significant regulatory action against us, as well as matters in which we are involved that are ultimately determined in our favor, could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations, cause significant reputational harm to our business, divert management attention from the operation of our business and/or result in additional litigation.

In addition, in recent years, a number of judicial decisions have upheld the right of borrowers to sue lending institutions on the basis of various evolving legal theories, collectively termed “lender liability.” Generally, lender liability is founded on the premise that a lender has either violated a duty, whether implied or contractual, of good faith and fair dealing owed to the borrower or has assumed a degree of control over the borrower resulting in the creation of a fiduciary duty owed to the borrower or its other creditors or shareholders. We have been and in the future could become subject to claims based on this or other evolving legal theories. Further, banking institutions are also increasingly the target of class action lawsuits, including claims alleging deceptive practices or violations of account terms in connection with non-sufficient funds or overdraft charges and violations of the Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA). We manage these risks through internal controls, personnel training, insurance, litigation management, our compliance and ethics processes, and other means. However, the commencement, outcome, and magnitude of litigation cannot be predicted or controlled with any certainty.

Risks Related to Our Common Stock

Future issuances of equity securities could dilute the interests of holders of our common stock, and our common stock ranks junior to indebtedness.

Our common stock ranks junior to all of our existing and future indebtedness with respect to distributions and liquidation. In addition, future issuances of equity securities, including pursuant to outstanding share-based payment arrangements, could dilute the interests of our existing shareholders, including you, and could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. Moreover, to the extent that we issue restricted stock units, phantom shares, stock appreciation rights, options or warrants to purchase our common stock in the future and those stock appreciation rights, options or warrants are exercised or as the restricted stock units vest, our shareholders may experience further dilution.

Holders of our shares of common stock do not have preemptive rights. Additionally, sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public markets and the availability of those shares for sale could adversely affect the market price of our common stock.

Our ability to deliver and pay dividends depends primarily upon the results of operations of our subsidiary Bank, and we may not pay, or be permitted to pay, dividends in the future.

We are a bank holding company that conducts substantially all of our operations through our subsidiary Bank. As a result, our ability to make dividend payments on our common stock will depend primarily upon the receipt of dividends and other distributions from the Bank.

The ability of the Bank to pay dividends or make other payments to us, as well as our ability to pay dividends on our common stock, is limited by the Bank’s obligation to maintain sufficient capital and by other general regulatory restrictions on its dividends, which have tightened since the financial crisis. The Federal Reserve has stated that bank holding companies should not pay dividends from sources other than current earnings. If these requirements are not satisfied, we may be unable to pay dividends on our common stock.

We may also decide to limit the payment of dividends even when we have the legal ability to pay them in order to retain earnings for use in our business, which could adversely affect the market value of our common stock. There can be no assurance of whether or when we may pay dividends in the future.

Mississippi law, and anti-takeover provisions in our articles of incorporation and bylaws could make a third-party acquisition of us difficult and may adversely affect share value.

Our articles of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us (even if doing so might be beneficial to our shareholders) and for holders of our securities to receive any related takeover premium for their securities.

We are also subject to certain provisions of state and federal law and our articles of incorporation that may make it more difficult for someone to acquire control of us. Under federal law, subject to certain exemptions, a person, entity, or group must notify the federal banking agencies before acquiring 10% or more of the outstanding voting stock of a bank holding company, including shares of our common stock. Banking agencies review the acquisition to determine if it will result in a change of control. The banking agencies

36

Table of Contents

have 60 days to act on the notice, and take into account several factors, including the resources of the acquirer and the antitrust effects of the acquisition. Additionally, a bank holding company must obtain the prior approval of the Federal Reserve before, among other things, acquiring direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 5% of the voting shares of any bank. There are also Mississippi statutory provisions and provisions in our articles of incorporation that may be used to delay or block a takeover attempt. As a result, these statutory provisions and provisions in our articles of incorporation could result in our being less attractive to a potential acquirer and limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock.

Shares of our common stock are not insured deposits and may lose value.

Shares of our common stock are not savings accounts, deposits or other obligations of any depository institution and are not insured or guaranteed by the FDIC or any other governmental agency or instrumentality, any other deposit insurance fund or by any other public or private entity, and are subject to investment risk, including the possible loss of principal.

General Risk Factors

We must attract and retain skilled personnel.

Our success depends, in substantial part, on our ability to attract and retain skilled, experienced personnel in key positions within the organization. Competition for qualified candidates in the activities and markets that we serve is intense. If we are not able to hire, adequately compensate, or retain these key individuals, we may be unable to execute our business strategies and may suffer adverse consequences to our business, financial condition and results of operations. Labor shortages have and may continue to restrict our ability to attract and retain personnel and increase related costs.

Natural and man-made disasters could affect our ability to operate.

Our market areas are often impacted by hurricanes and flooding. Natural disasters, such as hurricanes, flooding, tornados, freezes and other natural and man-made disasters, such as oil spills, can disrupt our operations, result in significant damage to our properties or properties and businesses of our borrowers, including property pledged as collateral, interrupt our ability to conduct business, negatively affect the local economies in which we operate, and increase circumstances leading to litigation.

We cannot predict whether or to what extent damage caused by future hurricanes and other disasters will affect our operations or the economies in our market areas, but such events could cause a decline in loan originations, a decline in the value or destruction of properties securing the loans and an increase in the risk of delinquencies, foreclosures, loan losses and litigation. Climate change may increase the nature, severity and frequency of adverse weather conditions in our footprint, making the impact from these types of natural disasters on us or our customers worse.

We and our customers rely on the existence of, and ability of private and public insurance programs to provide coverage for these types of events. Cost for insurance coverage under these programs has and may continue to increase, negatively impacting our business costs and our customers’ levels of liquidity and the ability to service their debt. The unavailability of these types of coverage or the inability of these entities to perform could also have a materially adverse impact on our operations.

Societal, legislative and regulatory responses to environmental, social and governance (ESG) concerns, and anti ESG concerns, as well as diversity, equity, and inclusion (DEI) and anti-DEI concerns, could adversely affect our business and performance, including indirectly through impacts on our customers.

Our business faces increasing public, investor, activist, legislative and regulatory scrutiny related to ESG and anti-ESG, DEI and anti-DEI developments. We risk damage to our brand and reputation in certain sectors if we fail to act in response to ESG concerns, such as diversity, equity and inclusion, environmental stewardship, human capital management, support for our local communities, corporate governance and transparency, or fail to consider ESG factors in our business operations.

Concerns over the long-term impacts of climate change have led and will likely continue to lead to global governmental efforts to mitigate those impacts. Consumers and businesses also may change their behavior and operations as a result of these concerns. The Company and its customers may need to respond to new laws and regulations as well as consumer and business preferences resulting from climate change concerns. We and our customers may face cost increases, asset value reductions and operating process changes. The impact on our customers will likely vary depending on their specific circumstances, including a significant presence in areas that are vulnerable to natural and man-made disasters that may be exacerbated by climate change, or reliance upon or a role in carbon intensive activities. Among the impacts to the Company could be a drop in demand for our products and services, particularly in certain sectors. In addition, we could face reductions in creditworthiness on the part of some customers or in the value of assets securing loans. Our efforts to take these risks into account may not be effective in protecting us from the negative impact of new laws and regulations or changes in consumer or business behavior.

37

Table of Contents

Furthermore, as a result of our diverse base of clients and business partners, we may face potential negative publicity based on the identity of our clients or business partners and the public's (or certain segments of the public’s) view of those entities. Such publicity may arise from traditional media sources or from social media and may increase rapidly in size and scope. If our client or business partner relationships were exposed to negative publicity, our ability to attract and retain clients, business partners, and employees may be negatively impacted, and our stock price may also be negatively impacted. Additionally, we may face pressure to not do business in certain industries that are viewed as harmful to the environment or are otherwise negatively perceived, which could impact our growth.

Certain investors and shareholder advocates are placing increasing emphasis on how corporations address ESG issues in their business strategy when making investment decisions and when developing their investment strategies and proxy recommendations. We may incur increased costs with respect to our ESG efforts and if such efforts are negatively perceived, our reputation and stock price may suffer.

In response to ESG developments (including, in particular DEI initiatives), there are increasing instances of anti-ESG legislation and anti-DEI executive orders, adverse media coverage, regulation, and litigation that could have unintended impacts on ordinary banking operations and increase litigation or reputational risk related to actions we choose to take and impact the results of our operations. If legislatures in the states in which we operate adopt legislation intended to protect certain industries by limiting or prohibiting consideration of business and industry factors in lending activities, certain portions of our lending operations may be impacted.

We are exposed to reputational risk.

Negative public opinion can result from our actual or alleged improper activities, such as lending practices, data security breaches, corporate governance policies and decisions, and acquisitions, any of which may damage our reputation. Negative public opinion can also result from action or inaction related to environmental, social and corporate governance matters. Additionally, actions taken by government regulators and community organizations may also damage our reputation. Negative public opinion could adversely affect our ability to attract and retain customers or expose us to litigation and regulatory action.

Changes in accounting policies or in accounting standards could materially affect how we report our financial condition and results of operations.

The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”), including the accounting rules and regulations of the Commission and the FASB, requires management to make significant estimates and assumptions that impact our financial statements by affecting the value of our assets or liabilities and results of operations. Some of our accounting policies are critical because they require management to make difficult, subjective and complex judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain and because materially different amounts may be reported if different estimates or assumptions are used. If such estimates or assumptions underlying our financial statements are incorrect, our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.

From time to time, the FASB and the Commission change the financial accounting and reporting standards or the interpretation of such standards that govern the preparation of our external financial statements. These changes are beyond our control, can be difficult to predict, may require extraordinary efforts or additional costs to implement and could materially impact how we report our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, we may be required to apply a new or revised standard retrospectively, resulting in the restatement of prior period financial statements in material amounts.

ITEM 1B.     UNRES
OLVED STAFF COMMENTS

None.

ITEM 1C.     CYBERSECURITY
Cybersecurity Risk Management and Strategy
The Company’s information security program is designed to protect the security, availability, integrity, and confidentiality of our computer systems, networks, software and information assets, including client and other sensitive data. The program is comprised of policies, guidelines, and procedures. These policies, guidelines, and procedures are intended to align with regulatory guidance, the ISO Code of Practice for Information Security Controls, and common industry practices. Assessing, identifying and managing cybersecurity related risks are 
integrated
 into our overall enterprise risk management process.
The Company expects each associate to be responsible for the security and confidentiality of client information. We communicate this responsibility to associates upon hiring and regularly throughout their employment. We require each associate to complete training to

38

Table of Contents

protect the confidentiality of client information at the time of hire and during each year of employment. Associates must successfully pass a test to demonstrate understanding of these requirements and provide acknowledgement of their responsibilities.
Additionally, we regularly provide associates with information security awareness training covering the recognition and appropriate handling of potential phishing emails, which can introduce malware to a company’s network, result in the theft of user credentials and, ultimately, place client or employee data, or other sensitive company data, and information at risk. The Company employs a number of technical controls to mitigate the risk of phishing emails. We regularly test associates to determine their susceptibility to phishing emails. We require susceptible associates to take additional training and provide regular reports to management. We additionally maintain procedures for the safe storage and handling and secure disposal of sensitive information.

The Company protects its network and information assets with industry-tested security products and processes. Our teams actively monitor company networks and systems to detect suspicious or malicious events. The Company evaluates potential cyber risks, as appropriate, in its regular risk assessments. The Company also conducts vulnerability scans, and contracts with third-party vendors to perform penetration tests against the Company’s network. In addition, the Company’s Cyber Defense Center team monitors threat intelligence sources to anticipate and research evolving threats, investigates their potential impact to financial services companies, examines the Company’s controls to detect and defend against those threats, and proactively adjusts the Company’s defenses against those threats. The Company also 
engages
 expert cyber consultants, as necessary and appropriate.

Before engaging third-party service providers who may have access to the Company’s, customer, employee or other sensitive data, or to the Company’s systems, we perform due diligence in order to identify and evaluate their cyber risks, which includes self-attestation questionnaires (developed using Service Organization Controls (SOC) reports). This process is led by the Vendor Management team and includes participation of dedicated information security resources. Third-party service providers processing sensitive data are contractually required to meet applicable legal and regulatory obligations to protect sensitive data against cybersecurity threats and unauthorized access to the sensitive data. After contract executions, third-party service providers deemed critical by our vendor management office undergo ongoing monitoring to ensure they continue to meet their security obligations and other potential cybersecurity threats.
As part of our information security program, we have adopted an Information and Cybersecurity Incident Response Plan (Incident Response Plan), which is administered by our Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) in close collaboration with our Director of Enterprise IT Risk. The Incident Response Plan describes the Company’s processes, procedures, and responsibilities for responding to cybersecurity incidents. The Incident Response Plan is intended to proceed on parallel paths in the event of a cybersecurity incident, including implementation of (i) forensic and containment, eradication, and remediation actions by information technology and security personnel and (ii) operational response actions by business, communications, and risk personnel. Our incident response team annually performs exercises to simulate responses to cybersecurity events.

The Incident Response Plan includes procedures for timely escalation and reporting of potentially significant cybersecurity incidents to the Company’s Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Risk Officer, our Board Risk Committee, law enforcement, government agencies and impacted parties, as needed.
Impacts of Cybersecurity Incidents
To date, the Company has no knowledge that we have experienced a cybersecurity incident that has or is reasonably likely to have a material impact on our business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition. Despite our efforts, there can be no assurance that our cybersecurity risk management processes and measures 
described will be fully implemented, complied with, or effective in protecting our systems and information. 
We face risks from certain cybersecurity threats that, if realized, are reasonably likely to materially affect our business strategy
, results of operations or financial condition. 
See Item 1A. “Risk Factors” in this document for further discussion of the risks associated with an interruption or breach in our information systems or infrastructure.
Cybersecurity Governance
Our Board of Directors is responsible for overseeing the Company’s business and affairs, including risks associated with cybersecurity threats. The Board oversees the Company’s corporate risk governance processes primarily through its committees, and oversight of cybersecurity threats is delegated primarily to our Board Risk Committee. The Board also periodically designates directors as its cybersecurity contact points. Our Chief Operating Officer facilitates the involvement of these designated directors in oversight of potentially significant cybersecurity incidents. The current directors designated as cybersecurity contacts are Chairman Jerry Levens, Board Risk Committee Chair Frank Bertucci, and Suzette Kent.
The 
Risk Committee oversees the management process associated with cybersecurity risk. Cybersecurity matters and assessments are regularly included in Board Risk Committee meetings. The Board Risk Committee has primary responsibility for overseeing the Company’s comprehensive Enterprise Risk Management program. The Enterprise Risk Management program assists senior management in identifying, assessing, monitoring, and managing risk, including cybersecurity risk, in a rapidly changing

39

Table of Contents

environment.

The Board Risk Committee provides reports to the full Board on the Company’s information security program on an annual basis.
The Company’s CISO directs our information security program and the Director of Enterprise IT Risk directs our information technology risk management. Led by our CISO and Director of Enterprise IT Risk, a team of dedicated security professionals examines risks to the Company’s information systems and assets, designs and implements security solutions, monitors the environment and provides immediate responses to threats.

The CISO regularly attends Board Risk Committee meetings and sits in executive session with the Committee members at least annually to update committee members on material cybersecurity and other information security developments and risks. 
The CISO also provides an annual information security program summary report to the Board, outlining the overall status of our information security program and the Company’s compliance with regulatory guidelines.

The IT Risk Governance Subcommittee, a management level subcommittee of our Operations Committee, also addresses information security and is responsible for overseeing the protection of the integrity, security, safety and resiliency of corporate information systems and assets. The IT Risk Governance Committee meets quarterly to review the development of the program and provide recommendations. The subcommittee provides regular reports to the Operations Committee and, ultimately, the Board Risk Committee through the CISO. Together, our CISO and Director of Enterprise IT Risk co-lead the Company’s IT Risk Governance Committee.

Our CISO is responsible for the Company’s information security program. In this role, the CISO manages the Company’s information security and day-to-day cybersecurity operations and supports the information security risk oversight responsibilities of the Board and its committees. The CISO is a member of the Company’s Corporate Operations group and reports to our Chief Information Officer, who reports to our Head of Operations, Technology and Products, who in turn reports to our Chief Operating Officer. Our CISO has cybersecurity experience spanning more than two decades. Prior experience includes senior security roles in large government agencies and Fortune 200 companies. He has spoken at area colleges and various industry events about information security. He holds a degree in electrical engineering, is a graduate of banking school, and maintains several industry certifications.
Our Director of Enterprise IT Risk is responsible for the Company’s information technology governance, risk, and compliance program. In this role, the Director of Enterprise IT Risk provides independent oversight of information technology risk, promotes effective challenge to the Company’s information technology systems, and ensures that high level risks receive appropriate attention.
 The Director of Enterprise IT Risk is a member of the Company’s Corporate Risk Management Group and reports to our Chief Risk Officer, who in turn reports to our CEO. Our Director of Enterprise IT Risk has over two decades of business continuity, crisis management and risk experience in the financial services industry and maintains related industry certifications.