Item 1. Business
Overview
Driven Brands is the largest automotive services company in North America with a growing and highly-franchised base of approximately 5,200 locations across 49 U.S. states and 13 other countries. Our scaled, diversified platform provides high-quality services to an extensive range of retail and commercial customers. Our breadth of services covers a wide variety of automotive needs, including paint, collision, glass, and repair services, as well as a variety of high-frequency services, such as oil changes and car washes. Our portfolio of brands continues to generate consistent recurring revenue with strong operating margins. Our network generated approximately $2.3 billion in net revenue from approximately $6.5 billion in system-wide sales in 2024. 
The Company operates and reports financial information on a 52-or 53-week year with the fiscal year ending on the last Saturday in December. Our 2024 and 2023 fiscal years ending December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, respectively, each consisted of 52 weeks and our 2022 fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 consisted of 53 weeks.
We are the largest provider of diversified automotive services in North America and have a portfolio of well-known brands, including Take 5 Oil Change
® 
(“Take 5 Oil”), Meineke Car Care Center
® 
(“Meineke”), MAACO
®
 (“Maaco”), CARSTAR
®
, IMO
®
, Take 5 Car Wash
®
, AutoGlassNow
® 
(“AGN”), Fix Auto (“Fix Auto”), and 1-800-Radiator & A/C
® 
(“1-800 Radiator”), among others. Building from a 50 year history in the category with some of the most recognizable brands in the industry, our diversified platform caters to almost any automotive service occasion. 
Our Business
Our suite of automotive services includes the following segments:
Maintenance
Our Maintenance segment is primarily comprised of the Take 5 Oil and Meineke brands. Our Maintenance brands service a combination of retail and commercial customers, such as fleet operators, through 1,960 total locations as of December 28, 2024. Our maintenance services include oil changes and other regularly scheduled or as-needed automotive services, including vehicle component repair and replacement.
Founded in 1984, Take 5 Oil specializes in providing efficient drive-thru-style oil changes. Take 5 Oil’s 463 franchised and 718 company-operated locations, as of December 28, 2024, primarily offer oil changes to retail and commercial customers. We believe Take 5 Oil offers a best-in-class operating model through its convenient drive-thru stay-in-your-car format, simple and focused menu, industry-leading speed of service, and low-pressure sales environment, which is designed to generate strong customer satisfaction, high frequency of use, and attractive unit level economics. Furthermore, Take 5 Oil’s compact store layout and unique shallow pit design reduces upfront build out costs, increase efficiency, and provides real estate flexibility. Take 5 Oil’s franchising efforts are experiencing strong momentum and are expected to continue to drive long-term unit growth through its robust and growing pipeline of franchise commitments.
Our other maintenance services offered at 779 locations as of December 28, 2024 are 100% franchised and predominantly operate under the Meineke brand. Founded in 1972, Meineke offers an extensive set of total car care services to retail customers and commercial fleet programs, including maintenance, repair, and replacement of components, such as brakes, heating and cooling systems, exhaust, and tires and is known as an automotive services industry pioneer. We believe Meineke is a strong, well-known brand with high brand awareness and customer satisfaction due to its high-quality service, extensive range of service offerings, and the convenience of a nationwide network of locations.
Paint, Collision & Glass
Our Paint, Collision & Glass segment is primarily composed of the CARSTAR, ABRA, Fix Auto, Maaco, Uniban, and AGN brands and serves retail, commercial, and insurance customers through 1,912 total locations as of December 28, 2024. Our paint services include full body repainting and touch-up, surface preparation and protection, and refinishing and other cosmetic repairs; our collision services include full collision repair and refinishing services; and our glass services include replacement, repair, and calibration services for automotive glass. 
5
Our paint services are offered through Maaco, which was founded in 1972. Our 380 franchised locations, as of December 28, 2024, offer an extensive suite of services including paint services, surface preparation, protection, and refinishing, reconditioning, and other cosmetic external and internal repairs. Maaco primarily serves retail customers and commercial fleet operators and provides strong retail customer service at a much lower average price point than most collision centers, making it an economical option for minor auto body repair when customers prefer to not file an insurance claim.
Our collision repair services are primarily offered through CARSTAR, ABRA, and Fix Auto, which were founded in 1989, 1984, and 1997, respectively, and together comprise the largest franchised collision repair network in North America. Our 1,052 collision locations, as of December 28, 2024, are 99% franchised and offer full collision repair and refinishing services in addition to other cosmetic repairs. 
Our glass repair services are primarily offered through Uniban in Canada and AGN in the U.S. Uniban was founded in 1977 and is known as a leader in the category. In 2022, we expanded our offerings to the U.S. through the acquisition of AGN and additional smaller acquisitions, making us the second-largest glass services business in the U.S. auto glass servicing category. Our 252 franchised and 228 company-operated glass services locations across the U.S. and Canada, as of December 28, 2024, primarily offer replacement, repair, and calibration services for automotive glass to retail customers as well as commercial fleet operators and insurance carriers. We also offer technology-enabled glass claims management services for insurance carriers, which drives incremental business to our glass service locations and our distribution business and are complementary to our paint and collision businesses. 
Car Wash
We are the world’s largest conveyor car wash company by location count with 1,102 total locations across North America, Europe, and Australia as of December 28, 2024. Our services primarily consist of express-style exterior car wash services that utilize an automated conveyor belt to pull vehicles along a track where they are machine washed. 
Our car wash services in Europe and Australia are primarily offered through the IMO brand, which has a history of over 55-years of providing express-style conveyor car wash services. IMO’s operations appeal to a broad consumer base seeking a low-cost and high-speed car wash at easily-accessible locations. Our 720 international locations, as of December 28, 2024, operate an independent operator model, whereby a third-party is responsible for site-level labor and receives commissions based on a percent of site revenue from car washes.
We have grown to become one of the largest domestic operators of conveyor car wash sites with 382 company-operated locations across the U.S. as of December 28, 2024, predominately under the Take 5 Car Wash brand. We believe that our highly-attractive value proposition, focused on affordability, convenience, and speed of service, resonates with our customers and encourages a high frequency of use. To further strengthen customer loyalty and visit frequency, we also utilize a subscription membership program, which in 2024, accounted for approximately 69% of our domestic car wash revenue, an increase from approximately 60% in the prior year. 
Platform Services
Our Platform Services segment is primarily composed of the 1-800 Radiator, Spire Supply, Driven Advantage, and Automotive Training Institute (“ATI”) businesses. This segment provides significant benefits to our brands by driving organic growth opportunities through procurement, distribution, and training services as well as growth opportunities through acquisition target sourcing. 
Our distribution services are primarily offered through 1-800 Radiator, which was founded in 2001, and is one of the largest franchised distributors in the automotive parts industry. 1-800 Radiator’s 205 locations, as of December 28, 2024, are almost exclusively franchised and distribute a broad, diverse mix of long-tail automotive parts, including radiators, air conditioning components, and exhaust products to automotive repair shops, auto parts stores, body shops, and other auto repair outlets. 1-800 Radiator’s best-in-class operating model is fueled by proprietary algorithmic sourcing technology that enables franchisees to effectively order inventory, manage pricing, and deliver parts to customers within hours. 
In 2017, we launched Spire Supply, an in-house distributor of consumable products such as oil filters and wiper blades, which currently serves all Take 5 Oil locations. In 2023, we launched our Driven Advantage e-commerce platform providing a custom buying experience for our user base. Driven Advantage and Spire Supply provide attractive pricing to franchisees relative to other options as well as incremental EBITDA to Driven Brands. In addition, Driven Advantage and Spire Supply simplify operations for franchisees and company-operated stores by reducing inventory needs and ensuring availability of supplies. 
Our financial and operational training services are offered through ATI, a leading provider of training services to independent repair and maintenance, and paint and collision shops. ATI’s core offering is a multi-year training package that is typically paid for through a monthly subscription. We believe ATI’s leading training program further enhances Driven Brands’ 
6
training platform, providing opportunities to improve operational support and increase profitability for both Driven Brands and our franchisees. In addition, ATI’s deep customer database of independent automotive shops provides us with a pipeline for future franchise development and acquisitions. 
Growing Our Brands
We seek to deliver strong growth and market share gain through same store sales performance and new store count growth, both organically and through targeted acquisitions. We believe our diversified platform is uniquely capable of offering a compelling and convenient service proposition to our customers by providing a wide breadth of services for all vehicle types and across multiple service categories including paint, collision, glass, repair, oil change, maintenance, and car wash. 
Take 5 Oil continues to execute at a high level, and we anticipate continued growth supported by our robust company-operated and franchise location pipeline that we built and continue to build organically and through acquisitions. A key strength of Take 5 Oil’s growth strategy is our ability to expand through both franchised and company-owned locations. Demand from franchisees to open new locations remains high, and many of our existing franchisees have well-developed real estate pipelines in place. 
We acquire customers by executing a balanced marketing strategy that combines broad-reach brand campaigns with cost-efficient, data-driven local campaigns and experience repeat business by delivering exceptional customer experience. Our comprehensive strategy positions us well to capitalize on new opportunities and drive long-term growth.
We have a diversified multi-channel business that can grow in various economic environments. Across our platform, we have developed a significant fleet business serving customers across national rental, fleet management, and government sectors, as well as local fleet accounts from small businesses nationwide. Our fleet business is outpacing our overall company growth, driven by both ticket growth and transaction growth, due to new customer acquisitions and expanded business with existing customers. 
New Unit Growth
We have a proven track record of unit growth and believe our competitive strengths provide us with a solid financial and operational foundation that positions us to deliver growth. The markets we operate in North America are highly fragmented. The success of our company-operated locations is supported by our deep data analytics capabilities that use proprietary algorithms and insights to enable optimal site identification and selection. 
Our franchised and company-operated Take 5 Oil business has grown to 1,181 locations and has provided strong same store sales and margin growth. We have a strong pipeline for franchise locations as well as greenfield and tuck-in company-operated stores and plan to continue to expand our market presence and product offerings leveraging our Driven Advantage and Spire Supply buying power.
Our franchise growth is driven both by new store openings as well as through conversions of independent market participants that do not have the benefits of our scaled platform. Our attractive unit economics, national brand recognition, strong insurance and fleet customer relationships, and beneficial shared services capabilities provide highly compelling economic benefits for our franchisees, resulting in a strong desire to join and stay within our network. As of December 28, 2024, we had agreements to open approximately 1,300 new franchised units, which provides us with visibility into future franchise unit growth. 
Same Store Sales Growth 
We have demonstrated an ability to drive attractive organic growth with positive same store sales performance over 16 of the past 17 years. Our ability to drive organic growth focuses on:
•
Commercial Partnerships
: We grow our commercial partnerships and win new customers by being a highly convenient and cost effective “one-stop-shop” service provider that caters to the extensive suite of automotive service needs for commercial customers, such as fleet operators and insurance carriers. These customers want to work with nationally scaled and recognized chains with broad geographic coverage, extensive service offerings, strong operating metrics, and centralized billing services. We are dedicated to expanding partnerships with existing commercial customers as well as attracting new national and local customers.
•
Insurance Partnerships:
 We have continued to develop relationships with key insurance carriers, predominately within our Paint, Collision & Glass businesses. In 2023, we expanded our technology-enabled glass claims management services for insurance carriers to include both Canada and the U.S. This service drives incremental business to our glass service locations and our distribution business and is complementary to our paint and collision businesses. In 
7
2024, our Paint, Collision & Glass segment generated approximately $2.4 billion in system-wide sales from relationships with insurance carriers. 
•
Leverage Data Analytics to Optimize Marketing, Product Offerings, and Pricing
: We have large, dedicated brand marketing funds supported by contributions from our franchisees, and in 2024 we spent approximately $148 million for marketing across our brands. Insights from our data analytics engine enhance our marketing and promotional strategy to drive growth in unit-level performance. For instance, our proprietary data algorithms help optimize lead generation and conversion through personalized, targeted, and timely marketing promotions that provide customers with the optimal offer at the right time. In addition, our data provides insights that enables us to identify and roll out new product offerings, improve menu design, and optimize pricing structure across our brands. Use cases like these are regularly tested, refined, and deployed across our network to drive store performance. 
Procurement Initiatives and Strengthening Platform Services 
We seek to leverage the strength of our platform to enhance margins for franchised, independently-operated, and company-operated locations by: 
•
Leverage Shared Services and Platform Scale
: As a result of the investments we have made, we believe our shared services provide substantial operating leverage and can support a much larger business than we are today. Driven Brands has also been increasing margins through technology advancements to enhance in-store operations and deploy best-practice training initiatives across the portfolio.
•
Utilize Purchasing Strength from Procurement Programs
: Driven Brands currently provides our network with lower costs on supplies and services than it could otherwise achieve independently, thereby augmenting the value proposition to franchisees and other network members as well as improving the earnings of our independently-operated and company-operated locations. In 2023, we launched our Driven Advantage e-commerce platform, which allows network members to take advantage of Driven Brands’ supplier network to improve operating margins through lower prices and incentives. As we continue to grow, we believe we will continue to leverage our size and purchasing power, driving greater value to our overall system. 
Company-Operated Store Strategy 
Our company-operated store strategy involves executing our simple operating model, which allows us to adapt to changing economic conditions. In recent years, the Company has focused on standardizing practices and operating models across brands at company-operated locations to drive further efficiencies and margin expansion. We continue to expand our company-operated footprint through a combination of greenfield openings as well as acquiring and converting stores. Our company-operated stores benefit from the cross-brand procurement strategy resulting in lower operational costs.
Franchising Strategy 
Our franchising strategy is to grow certain of our brands’ footprints in a capital efficient manner. Our franchise model leverages our proven brand playbooks, the market planning and site selection capabilities of our best-in-class development team, and the local market expertise of highly-motivated owners. Our attractive unit economics, national brand recognition, strong commercial fleet and insurance customer relationships, and beneficial shared service capabilities provide highly compelling economic benefits for our franchisees, resulting in a strong desire to join and stay within our network. As of December 28, 2024, we have agreements to open approximately 1,300 new franchised units, which provides us with clear visibility into future franchise unit growth. 
We have a strong track record of opening stores with existing and new franchisees, and we follow strict guidelines in selecting and approving franchisees who go through extensive interview processes, background checks, and are subject to financial and net-worth-based requirements. 
Franchise Agreements 
For each of our franchisees across our brands, we enter into a franchise agreement covering standard terms and conditions. Under our franchise agreements, we generally grant franchisees the right to operate using our marks and operating system for an initial term (generally 5 to 20 years) with the option to renew their agreements. All proposed new store sites require formal approval from us. Generally, franchisees pay Driven Brands a lump sum initial franchise license fee and ongoing franchise royalties, typically based on a percentage of gross sales. Franchisees of some of our brands also make, or may be required to make, contributions towards marketing funds, typically based on a percentage of gross sales or, in some instances, based on a flat amount or weekly marketing budgets in the applicable designated marketing area. 
8
Our franchise agreements also require franchisees to comply with our standard operating methods that govern the provision of services and use of vendors and may include a requirement to purchase specified products from us, our affiliates and/or designated vendors. Outside of these standards and policies, we do not control the day-to-day operations, such as hiring and training of employees, of the franchisees. 
We support our franchisees with brand-specific services (e.g., brand marketing, franchise support, and operations) and comprehensive shared services (e.g., consumer insights, procurement program savings, commercial fleet, training, development, finance, and technology services). 
Independent Operator Agreements 
Nearly all of our car wash locations outside of the U.S. operate an independent operator model, where a third party is responsible for site-level labor and receives commissions based on a percentage of site revenue from car washes. At our independently-operated sites, we enter into an independent operator agreement covering the commission paid to the independent operator for our car wash services, terms relating to other services offered by the independent operator at the location from which we do not receive any revenue, and other standard terms and conditions including with respect to protection of confidential information, our intellectual property and customer data, standards relating to sub-contracting, indemnification, and termination. 
Marketing Strategy 
Our marketing strategy highlights the needs-based service offerings and value propositions of each of our brands. We focus our marketing efforts on areas we believe will yield the highest rate of return, including the development of tailored marketing campaigns targeted at specific customers when we believe they could benefit from services provided by our brands. 
 We use a variety of marketing techniques to build awareness of, and create demand for, our brands and the products and services they offer. Our advertising strategy includes CRM, social and digital media as well as television, print, radio, and sponsorships. We have implemented highly professionalized and data-driven marketing practices and have dedicated brand marketing funds supported by contributions from our franchisees. 
Industry Overview and Competition
We compete with a variety of service providers within the highly-fragmented automotive services and parts distribution market. Competitors include international, national, regional, and local repair and maintenance shops, oil change shops, car washes, paint and collision repair shops, glass repair and replacement shops, automobile dealerships, and suppliers of automotive parts, including online retailers, wholesale distributors, hardware stores, and discount and mass market merchandise stores. Given the fragmentation of the industry, our competitors include a limited number of large providers of scale. Typically, our competitors offer services within one of our categories; however, few competitors offer services across multiple categories like Driven Brands. We believe the core competitive factors in our industry are scale, geographic reach, brand awareness, service pricing, speed and quality, and customer satisfaction. 
We compete with other franchisors based on the expected return on investment for franchisees and the value propositions that we offer them. We compete to sell franchises to potential franchisees who may choose to purchase franchises from other automotive aftermarket service providers, or who may also consider purchasing franchises in other industries. 
Government Regulations and Other Regulatory Matters 
Our operations are subject to numerous federal, state, local, and provincial laws and regulations in North America, Europe, and Australia in areas such as consumer protection, occupational licensing, environmental protection, data privacy, labor and employment, tax, permitting, and other laws and regulations. In certain jurisdictions, we must obtain licenses or permits to comply with standards governing employee selection, training, and business conduct. 
We, as a franchisor, are subject to various state and provincial laws, and the Federal Trade Commission (the “FTC”) regulates our franchising activities in the U.S. The FTC requires that franchisors make extensive disclosures to prospective franchisees before the execution of a franchise agreement. Fourteen states require registration and, together with at least one other state, require specific disclosure in connection with franchise offers and sales, and at least twenty states and U.S. territories have “franchise relationship laws” that limit the ability of franchisors to terminate franchise agreements or withhold consent to the renewal or transfer of these agreements. In addition, most provinces in Canada regulate the offer and sale of franchises as well as certain aspects of the franchise relationship. While there are no registration requirements under these provincial franchise laws, they do require pre-sale disclosures similar to those that exist in the U.S. 
We are not aware of any federal, state, local, provincial, or other laws or regulations that are likely to materially alter or impact our revenues, cash flow, or competitive positions or result in any material capital expenditures. However, we cannot 
9
predict the effect on our operations, particularly on our relationship with franchisees, of any pending or future legislation or regulations or the future interpretation of any existing laws, including any newly enacted laws, which may impact us or our franchisees. 
Employees and Human Capital Resources 
As of December 28, 2024, we employed approximately 10,700 full-time employees, including approximately 8,800 employees at company-operated locations. None of these employees are covered by a collective bargaining agreement. We consider our relations with our employees to be good. Our human capital resources objectives include, as applicable, identifying, recruiting, retaining, incentivizing, and integrating our existing and prospective employees. The principal purposes of our incentive plans are to attract, retain, and motivate our employees, executive officers, and directors through the granting of stock-based compensation awards and cash-based performance bonus awards. We strive for exceptional performance and results, which is why meritocracy and performance-based compensation are part of our core values. We provide employees with the opportunity to grow and to be rewarded based on results. 
Our franchises are independently owned and operated businesses. As such, employees of our franchisees are not employees of Driven Brands. Our independent operators at independently-operated car wash locations are responsible for the site-level labor and, as such, are not employees of Driven Brands. 
Intellectual Property 
Our trademarks are important to our marketing efforts and conduct of business. We own or have the rights to use certain trademarks, service marks, and trade names that are registered with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office or other foreign trademark registration offices or exist under common law in the U.S. or other jurisdictions in which we operate. Trademarks that are important in identifying and distinguishing our products and services include, but are not limited to ABRA
®
, CARSTAR
®
, DrivenBrands
®
, IMO
®
, MAACO
®
, Meineke Car Care Center
®
, Spire Supply
®
, Take 5 Oil Change
®
, Take 5 Car Wash
®
, AutoGlassNow
®
, and 1-800-Radiator & A/C
®
. We license or sublicense, as applicable, the Fix Auto trademark for use in connection with our business in the U.S. We also own domain names, including our primary domain “www.drivenbrands.com.” 
Seasonality 
Seasonal changes, including inclement weather, impact the demand for our automotive repair and maintenance services, car washes, and products. For example, customers may purchase fewer undercar services during the winter months, when miles driven tend to be lower. In addition, customers may defer or forego car washes or vehicle maintenance such as oil changes at any time during periods of inclement weather. 
Additional Information 
The Company makes available, free of charge, through its internet website www.drivenbrands.com, its annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), as soon as reasonably practicable after electronically filing such material with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). Materials filed with the SEC are available at www.sec.gov.
Use of Website to Provide Information
From time to time, we have made and expect in the future to use our website as a channel of distribution of material
information regarding the Company. Financial and other material information regarding the Company is routinely posted on our website and accessible at https://investors.drivenbrands.com. To receive notifications regarding new postings to our website, investors are encouraged to enroll on our website to receive automatic email alerts. The contents of our websites are not incorporated into this Annual Report. 
10