Item 2.    Properties.
Mattel owns its corporate headquarters in El Segundo, California, consisting of approximately 360,000 square feet, and an adjacent office building consisting of approximately 55,000 square feet. In 2024, Mattel purchased another building in El Segundo that will serve as its Global Design Center, consisting of approximately 168,000 square feet. Mattel also leases buildings in El Segundo consisting of approximately 387,000 square feet. All segments use these facilities. Mattel also owns facilities in East Aurora, New York, consisting of approximately 607,000 square feet, used by the North America segment and for brand and corporate support functions and a distribution facility in DeForest, Wisconsin, consisting of approximately 350,000 square feet, which is used by the North America segment. Mattel also owns its principal manufacturing facilities located in Indonesia, Malaysia, Mexico, and Thailand. 
Mattel maintains leased offices in the United States, in Arkansas, California, and Minnesota, a leased warehouse in Wisconsin, distribution facilities in California, Pennsylvania, Texas, and in Mississauga, Canada, and retail and related office space in Chicago, Illinois; Los Angeles, California; and New York, New York for its flagship 
American Girl 
stores, and in four other cities across the United States for its 
American Girl 
boutique stores, all of which are used by the North America segment. Internationally, Mattel has offices and/or warehouse space in over 30 countries. Mattel leases facilities used by the International segment in various foreign jurisdictions, including China, France, Mexico, and the United Kingdom. Mattel also leases office space and principal manufacturing facilities in China, which support the North America and International segments. 
For all remaining leases that are scheduled to expire within the next twelve months, Mattel may negotiate new lease agreements, renew existing lease agreements, or utilize alternate facilities. See Part II, Item 8 "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data—Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements—Leases." Mattel believes that its owned and leased facilities, in general, are suitable and adequate for its present and currently foreseeable needs.