ITEM 2. PROPERTIES
As part of the acquisition of the Sprint Business, we acquired a portfolio of owned and leased properties totaling approximately 1.9 million square feet. The properties are made up of technical facilities in the United States, including core switch facilities, PoP sites, regeneration and fiber pass through locations as well as warehouse buildings that support the acquired Sprint Network. Since the acquisition closing, we have added 52 major Sprint Data Centers and 55 smaller Edge Data Centers to our existing 52 Cogent Data Center portfolio (down from 55 at close); growing our data center portfolio to 159 buildings. We have also added 3 office buildings, 5 Carrier Neutral Data Centers and converted 36 nodes located in Carrier Neutral Data Centers to the Cogent network.
We lease space for offices, data centers, colocation facilities, and PoPs. We lease a total of approximately 1.0 million square feet of space for our data centers, offices and operations centers. Certain of these leases are with entities controlled by our Chief Executive Officer. 
We believe that our facilities, both owned and leased are generally in good condition. Our leased properties and the vast majority of our owned properties are generally suitable for our operations, and we are in the process of repurposing any owned properties as necessary.
Our headquarters facility consists of 43,117 square feet located in Washington, D.C. The lease for our headquarters is with an entity controlled by our Chief Executive Officer and expires in May 2025. The lease may be cancelled by us upon 60 days’ notice.
On January 6, 2023, we entered into two lease agreements (the “New Leases”), one with Thorium LLC (“Thorium”) and one with Germanium LLC (“Germanium”), entities owned by our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, David Schaeffer. The first of the New Leases is with Thorium for approximately 54,803 square feet of office space, which serves as office space replacing a portion of its office space in the Northern Virginia area.. The second of the New Leases is with Germanium LLC for approximately 1,587 square feet of technical space which serves as network operations space (“Network Operations Lease”). The term for each of the New Leases is five years beginning on April 1, 2023. Both of the New Leases are cancellable by us without penalty upon 60 days written notice. We took occupancy of the office space and network operations space in April 2023. We are responsible for paying our proportionate share of the building’s operating expenses that exceed a 2023 base year and we are also responsible for paying our metered utility costs and a proportionate share of the building’s other operating expenses that exceed a 2023 base year.
On July 25, 2023 we entered into a Second Amendment to the lease agreement with Germanium (the “Amendment”), which amended the Network Operations Lease to lease an additional 7,369 square feet on the first floor of the building, beginning on August 1, 2023, in connection with the planned expansion of the technical space. This included 4,987 square feet for an auditorium suitable for training and 2,382 square feet for the data center in the building. The amended Network Operations Lease remains cancellable by us without penalty upon 60 days written notice. The Amendment provides for $162,118 of additional fixed annual rent during the term of the Network Operations Lease, plus a proportionate share of real estate taxes and operating expenses and separately metered utilities expense.