ITEM 1.

BUSINESS

NBT Bancorp Inc. is a registered financial holding company incorporated in the state of Delaware in 1986, with its principal headquarters located in Norwich, New York. The principal assets of NBT
            Bancorp Inc. consist of all of the outstanding shares of common stock of its subsidiaries, including: NBT Bank, National Association (the “Bank”), NBT Financial Services, Inc. (“NBT Financial”), NBT Holdings, Inc. (“NBT Holdings”), CNBF Capital
            Trust I, NBT Statutory Trust I, NBT Statutory Trust II, Alliance Financial Capital Trust I and Alliance Financial Capital Trust II (collectively, the “Trusts”). The principal sources of revenue for NBT Bancorp Inc. are the management fees and
            dividends it receives from the Bank, NBT Financial and NBT Holdings. Collectively, NBT Bancorp Inc. and its subsidiaries are referred to herein as (the “Company”). As of December 31, 2024, the Company had assets of $13.79 billion and
            stockholders’ equity of $1.53 billion on a consolidated basis.

The Company’s business, primarily conducted through the Bank, consists of providing commercial banking, retail banking and wealth management services primarily to customers in its market area,
            which includes upstate New York, northeastern Pennsylvania, southern New Hampshire, western Massachusetts, Vermont, southern Maine and central and northwestern Connecticut. The Company has been, and intends to remain, a community-oriented
            financial institution offering a variety of financial services. The Company’s business philosophy is to operate as a community bank with local decision-making, providing a broad array of banking and financial services to retail, commercial and
            municipal customers.

The financial condition and operating results of the Company are dependent on its net interest income, which is the difference between the interest and dividend income earned on its earning
            assets, primarily loans and securities and the interest expense paid on its interest-bearing liabilities, primarily deposits and borrowings. Among other factors, net income is also affected by provision for loan losses and noninterest income,
            such as service charges on deposit accounts, card services income, retirement plan administration fees, wealth management revenue including financial services and trust revenue, insurance services, bank owned life insurance income and
            gains/losses on securities sales, as well as noninterest expenses, such as salaries and employee benefits, technology and data services, occupancy, professional fees and outside services, office supplies and postage, amortization of intangible
            assets, loan collection and OREO expenses, advertising, FDIC assessment expenses and other expenses.

NBT Bank, National Association

The Bank, a full-service commercial bank formed in 1856, provides a broad range of financial products to individuals, corporations and municipalities throughout upstate New York, northeastern
            Pennsylvania, southern New Hampshire, western Massachusetts, Vermont, southern Maine and central and northwestern Connecticut.

Through its network of branch locations, the Bank offers a wide range of products and services tailored to individuals, businesses and municipalities. Deposit products offered by the Bank include
            demand deposit accounts, savings accounts, NOW accounts, MMDA and CD accounts. The Bank offers various types of each deposit account to accommodate the needs of its customers with varying rates, terms and features. Loan products offered by the
            Bank include indirect and direct consumer loans, home equity loans, mortgages, business banking loans and commercial loans, with varying rates, terms and features to accommodate the needs of its customers. The Bank also offers various other
            products and services through its branch network such as trust and investment services and financial planning and life insurance services. In addition to its branch network, the Bank also offers access to certain products and services
            electronically through 24-hour online, mobile and telephone channels that enable customers to check balances, make deposits, transfer funds, pay bills, access statements, apply for loans and access various other products and services.

NBT Financial Services, Inc.

Through NBT Financial, the Company operates EPIC Advisors, Inc. (“EPIC”), a national benefits administration firm which was acquired by the
              Company on January 21, 2005. Among other services, EPIC provides retirement plan administration. EPIC’s headquarters are located in Rochester, New York.

NBT Holdings, Inc.

Through NBT Holdings, the Company operates NBT Insurance Agency, LLC (“NBT Insurance”), a full-service insurance agency acquired by the Company on September 1, 2008. NBT Insurance is headquartered
            in Norwich, New York. NBT Insurance offers a full array of insurance products, including personal property and casualty, business liability and commercial insurance, tailored to serve the specific insurance needs of individuals as well as
            businesses in a range of industries operating in the markets served by the Company.

4

Table of Contents

The Trusts

The Trusts were established to raise additional regulatory capital and to provide funding for certain acquisitions. CNBF Capital Trust I and NBT
              Statutory Trust I are Delaware statutory business trusts formed in 1999 and 2005, respectively, for the purpose of issuing trust preferred securities and lending the proceeds to the Company. In connection with the acquisition of CNB Bancorp,
              Inc., the Company formed NBT Statutory Trust II in February 2006 to fund the cash portion of the acquisition as well as to provide regulatory capital. In connection with the acquisition of Alliance Financial Corporation (“Alliance”), the
              Company acquired two statutory trusts, Alliance Financial Capital Trust I and Alliance Financial Capital Trust II, which were formed in 2003 and 2006, respectively. The Company guarantees, on a limited basis, payments of distributions on the
              trust preferred securities and payments on redemption of the trust preferred securities. The Trusts are VIEs for which the Company is not the primary beneficiary, as defined by FASB ASC. In accordance with ASC, the accounts of the Trusts are
              not included in the Company’s consolidated financial statements.

Operating Subsidiaries of the Bank

The Bank has four operating subsidiaries, NBT Capital Corp., Broad Street Property Associates, Inc., NBT Capital Management, Inc. and SBT Mortgage Service Corporation. NBT Capital Corp., formed in
            1998, is a venture capital corporation. Broad Street Property Associates, Inc., formed in 2004, is a property management company. NBT Capital Management, Inc., formerly Columbia Ridge Capital Management, Inc., was acquired in 2016 and is a
            registered investment advisor that provides investment management and financial consulting services. SBT Mortgage Service Corporation, acquired in 2023 in connection with the Salisbury acquisition, is a passive investment company (“PIC”). The
            PIC holds loans collateralized by real estate originated or purchased by the Bank. Income of the PIC is exempt from the Connecticut Corporate Business Tax.

Segment Reporting

The Company has identified two reportable segments: Banking and Retirement Plan Administration. See Note 1 and Note 22 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8. Financial
            Statements and Supplementary Data, which are included elsewhere in this report.

Evans Bancorp, Inc. Merger

On September 9, 2024, the Company and the Bank, entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the “Merger Agreement”) with Evans and Evans Bank, Evans’s subsidiary bank, and pursuant to which the
            Company will acquire Evans. Evans, with assets of approximately $2.19 billion at December 31 2024, is headquartered in Williamsville, New York. Its primary subsidiary, Evans Bank, is a federally-chartered national banking association operating
            18 banking locations in Western New York.

Subject to the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, which has been approved by the boards of directors of each party, Evans will merge with and into the Company, with the Company as the
            surviving entity, and immediately thereafter, Evans Bank will merge with and into the Bank, with the Bank as the surviving bank (the “Merger”).

Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, each outstanding share of Evans common stock will be converted into the right to receive 0.91 shares of
            the Company’s common stock. In December 2024, NBT announced that it had received the regulatory approval from the OCC and the waiver from the Federal Reserve Bank of New York necessary to complete its acquisition of Evans. Also in December
            2024, the shareholders of Evans voted to approve the Merger. Evans reported over 75% of the issued and outstanding shares of Evans were represented at a special shareholder meeting and over 96% of the votes cast were voted to approve the
            Merger. NBT and Evans anticipate closing the transaction in second quarter of 2025 in conjunction with the core system conversion, pending customary closing conditions.

The Company incurred acquisition expenses related to the Merger of $1.5 million for the 
year 
ended December 31, 2024.

Salisbury Bancorp, Inc. Merger

On August 11, 2023, the Company completed its acquisition of Salisbury through the merger of Salisbury with and into the Company, with the Company
            as the surviving entity, and the merger of Salisbury Bank with and into the Bank, with the Bank as the surviving bank, for $161.7 million in stock. Salisbury Bank was a Connecticut-chartered commercial bank headquartered in Lakeville,
            Connecticut, operating 13 banking offices in northwestern Connecticut, the Hudson Valley region of New York, and southwestern Massachusetts. In connection with the acquisition, the Company issued 4.32 million shares of common stock and acquired
            approximately $1.46 billion of identifiable assets, including $1.18 billion of loans, $122.7 million in investment securities which were sold immediately after the merger, $31.2 million of core deposit intangibles and $4.7 million in a wealth
            management customer intangible, as well as $1.31 billion in deposits. As of the acquisition date, the fair value discount was $78.7 million for loans, net of the reclassification of the PCD allowance, and was $3.0 million for subordinated debt.
            The Company established a $14.5 million allowance for acquired Salisbury loans which included both the $5.8 million allowance for PCD loans reclassified from loans and the $8.8 million allowance for non-PCD loans recognized through the
            provision for loan losses.

The Company incurred acquisition expenses related to the Salisbury merger of $10.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2023 and $1.0 million
            for year ended December 31, 2022.

5

Table of Contents

Competition

The financial services industry, including commercial banking, is highly competitive, and we encounter strong competition for deposits, loans and other financial products and services in our
            market area. The increasingly competitive environment is the result of the rate environment, changes in regulation, changes in technology and product delivery systems, additional financial service providers and the accelerating pace of
            consolidation among financial services providers. The Company competes for loans, deposits and customers with other commercial banks, savings and loan associations, securities and brokerage companies, mortgage companies, insurance companies,
            finance companies, money market funds, credit unions and other nonbank financial service providers.

The financial services industry could become even more competitive as a result of legislative, regulatory and technological changes and continued consolidation. Banks, securities firms and
            insurance companies can merge under the umbrella of a financial holding company, which can offer virtually any type of financial service, including banking, securities underwriting, insurance (both agency and underwriting) and merchant banking.
            In addition, technology has lowered barriers to entry and made it possible for non-banks to offer products and services traditionally provided by banks, such as automatic transfer and automatic payment systems.

Some of the Company’s nonbanking competitors have fewer regulatory constraints and may have lower cost structures. In addition, some of the Company’s competitors have assets, capital and lending
            limits greater than those of the Company, have greater access to capital markets and offer a broader range of products and services than the Company. These institutions may have the ability to finance wide-ranging advertising campaigns and may
            be able to offer lower rates on loans and higher rates on deposits than the Company can offer. Some of these institutions offer services, such as credit cards and international banking, which the Company does not directly offer.

Various in-state market competitors and out-of-state banks continue to enter or have announced plans to enter or expand their presence in the market areas where the Company currently operates.
            With the addition of new financial services providers within our market, the Company expects increased competition for loans, deposits and other financial products and services.

In order to compete with other financial services providers, the Company stresses the community nature of its banking operations and principally relies upon local promotional activities, personal
            relationships established by officers, directors and employees with the Company’s customers and specialized services tailored to meet the needs of the communities served. We also offer certain customer services, such as agricultural lending,
            that many of our larger competitors do not offer. While the Company’s position varies by market, the Company’s management believes that it can compete effectively as a result of local market knowledge, local decision making and awareness of
            customer needs. The Company has banking locations in forty-two counties in the states of New York, Pennsylvania, New Hampshire, Massachusetts, Vermont, Maine and Connecticut.

Data Privacy and Security Practices

The Company’s enterprise security strategy revolves around people, processes and technology. The Company implements a defense-in-depth strategy,
              integrating physical and logical controls within a layered security model to ensure comprehensive end-to-end protection of Company and client information. The high-level objective of the information security program is to protect the
              confidentiality, integrity and availability of all information assets in our environment. We accomplish this by building our program around six foundational control areas: program oversight and governance, safeguards and controls, security
              awareness training, service provider oversight, incident response and business continuity. The Company’s data security and privacy practices follow all applicable laws and regulations including the Gramm-Leach Bliley Act of 2001 (“GLBA”) and
              applicable privacy laws described under the heading “Supervision and Regulation” in this