ITEM 1A.

RISK FACTORS

There are risks inherent to the Company’s business. The material risks and uncertainties that management believes affect the Company are described below. Any of the following risks could affect
            the Company’s financial condition and results of operations and could be material and/or adverse in nature. You should consider all of the following risks together with all of the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Risks Related to our Business and Industry

The Company may be adversely affected by conditions in the financial markets and economic conditions generally.

Key macroeconomic conditions historically have affected the Company’s business, results of operations and financial condition and are likely to
              affect them in the future. Consumer confidence, unemployment and other economic indicators are among the factors that often impact consumer spending and payment behavior and demand for credit. The Company relies primarily on interest and fees
              on our loan receivables to generate net earnings. The economy in the United States and globally has experienced volatility in recent years and may continue to do so for the foreseeable future. There can be no assurance that economic
              conditions will not worsen. Unfavorable or uncertain economic conditions can be caused by declines in economic growth, business activity or investor or business confidence, limitations on the availability or increases in the cost of credit
              and capital, trade wars or tariffs, inflation, changes in interest rates, the timing and impact of geopolitical uncertainties, natural disasters, epidemics and pandemics, terrorist attacks, acts of war or a combination of these or other
              factors. Federal budget deficit concerns and the potential for political conflict over legislation to fund U.S. government operations and raise the U.S. government’s debt limit may increase the possibility of a default by the U.S. government
              on its debt obligations, related credit-rating downgrades, or an economic recession in the United States. A worsening of business and economic conditions could have adverse effects on our business, including the following:

●

investors may have less confidence in the equity markets in general and in financial services industry stocks in particular, which could place downward pressure on the Company’s stock price and resulting
                    market valuation;

●

consumer and business confidence levels could be lowered and cause declines in credit usage and adverse changes in payment patterns, causing increases in delinquencies and default rates;

●

the Company’s ability to assess the creditworthiness of its customers may be impaired if the models and approaches the Company uses to select, manage and underwrite its customers become less predictive of
                    future behaviors;

●

the Company could suffer decreases in demand for loans or other financial products and services or decreased deposits or other investments in accounts with the Company;

●

demand for and income received from the Company’s fee-based services could decline;

●

customers of the Company’s trust and benefit plan administration business may liquidate investments, which together with lower asset values, may reduce the level of assets under management and
                    administration and thereby decrease the Company’s investment management and administration revenues;

●

competition in the financial services industry could intensify as a result of the increasing consolidation of financial services companies in connection with current market conditions or otherwise; and

●

the value of loans and other assets or collateral securing loans may decrease.

Deterioration in local economic conditions may negatively impact our financial performance.

The Company’s success depends primarily on the general economic conditions in upstate New York, northeastern Pennsylvania, southern New
              Hampshire, western Massachusetts, Vermont, southern Maine, central and northwestern Connecticut and the specific local markets in which the Company operates. Unlike larger national or other regional banks that are more geographically
              diversified, the Company provides banking and financial services to customers primarily in the upstate New York areas of Norwich, Syracuse, Oneonta, Amsterdam-Gloversville, Albany, Binghamton, Utica-Rome, Plattsburgh, Glens Falls, Hudson
              Valley and Ogdensburg-Massena, the northeastern Pennsylvania areas of Scranton and Wilkes-Barre, Berkshire County, Massachusetts, southern New Hampshire, Vermont, southern Maine and central and northwestern Connecticut. The local economic
              conditions in these areas have a significant impact on the demand for the Company’s products and services as well as the ability of the Company’s customers to repay loans, the value of the collateral securing loans and the stability of the
              Company’s deposit funding sources.

17

Table of Contents

A downturn in our local economies could cause significant increases in nonperforming loans, which could negatively impact our earnings. Declines in real estate values in our market areas could
            cause any of our loans to become inadequately collateralized, which would expose us to greater risk of loss. Additionally, a decline in real estate values could result in the decline of originations of such loans, as most of our loans and the
            collateral securing our loans are located in those areas.

Severe weather, flooding and other effects of climate change and other natural disasters could adversely affect our financial condition, results of
            operations or liquidity.

Our branch locations and our customers’ properties may be adversely impacted by flooding, wildfires, high winds and other effects of severe weather conditions that may be caused or exacerbated by
            climate change. These events can force property closures, result in property damage and/or result in delays in expansion, development or renovation of our properties and those of our customers. Even if these events do not directly impact our
            properties or our customers’ properties, they may impact us and our customers through increased insurance, energy or other costs. In addition, changes in laws or regulations, including federal, state or city laws, relating to climate change
            could result in increased capital expenditures to improve the energy efficiency of our branch locations and/or our customers’ properties.

Given that climate change could impose systemic risks upon the financial sector, either via disruptions in economic activity resulting from the physical impacts of climate change or changes in
            policies as the economy transitions to a less carbon-intensive environment, the Company may face regulatory risk of increasing focus on the Company’s resilience to climate-related risks, including in the context of stress testing for various
            climate stress scenarios. Ongoing legislative or regulatory uncertainties and changes regarding climate risk management and practices may result in higher regulatory, compliance, credit and reputational risks and costs.

Variations in interest rates could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.

The Company’s earnings and financial condition, like that of most financial institutions, are largely dependent upon net interest income, which is
            the difference between interest and dividend income earned from loans and securities and interest expense paid on deposits and borrowings. The narrowing of interest rate spreads could adversely affect the Company’s earnings and financial
            condition. Interest rates remain elevated compared to recent years and may increase. The Company cannot predict with certainty, or control, changes in interest rates. Regional and local economic conditions and the policies of regulatory
            authorities, including monetary policies of the FRB, affect rates and, therefore, interest income and interest expense. High interest rates could also affect the amount of loans that the Company can originate because higher rates could cause
            customers to apply for fewer mortgages or cause depositors to shift funds from accounts that have a comparatively lower cost to accounts with a higher cost. The Company may also experience customer attrition due to competitor pricing on both
            deposits and loans. If the cost of interest-bearing deposits increases at a rate greater than the yields on interest-earning assets increase, net interest income will be negatively affected. Changes in the asset and liability mix may also
            affect net interest income. Similarly, lower interest rates cause higher yielding assets to prepay and floating or adjustable rate assets to reset to lower rates. If the Company is not able to reduce its funding costs sufficiently, due to
            either competitive factors or the maturity schedule of existing liabilities, then the Company’s NIM will decline.

Any substantial or unexpected change in, or prolonged change in market interest rates could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s
            financial condition and results of operations. See the section captioned “Net Interest Income” in Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure
            About Market Risk located elsewhere in this report for further discussion related to the Company’s management of interest rate risk.

Our lending, and particularly our emphasis on commercial lending, exposes us to the risk of losses upon
            borrower default.

As of December 31, 2024, approximately 53% of the Company’s loan portfolio consisted of commercial and industrial, agricultural, commercial
            construction and CRE loans. These types of loans generally expose a lender to greater risk of non-payment and loss than residential real estate loans because repayment of the loans often depends on the successful operation of the property, the
            income stream of the borrowers and, for construction loans, the accuracy of the estimate of the property’s value at completion of construction and the estimated cost of construction. Such loans typically involve larger loan balances to single
            borrowers or groups of related borrowers compared to residential real estate loans. Because the Company’s loan portfolio contains a significant number of commercial and industrial, agricultural, construction and CRE loans with relatively large
            balances, the deterioration of one or a few of these loans could cause a significant increase in nonperforming loans. An increase in nonperforming loans could result in a net loss of earnings from these loans, an increase in the provision for
            loan losses and/or an increase in loan charge-offs, all of which could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition and results of operations. See the section captioned “Loans” in Item 7. Management’s Discussion and
            Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations located elsewhere in this report for further discussion related to our commercial and industrial, agricultural, construction and CRE loans.

18

Table of Contents

Our allowance for credit losses may not be sufficient to cover actual loan losses, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
            condition and results of operations.

The Company maintains an allowance for credit losses, which is an allowance established through a provision for loan losses charged to expense, that represents management’s best estimate of
            expected credit losses within the existing portfolio of loans. The allowance, in the judgment of management, is necessary to reserve for estimated loan losses and risks inherent in the loan portfolio. The determination of the appropriate level
            of the allowance for credit losses inherently involves a high degree of subjectivity and requires the Company to make significant estimates of current credit risks, forecast economic conditions and future trends, all of which may undergo
            material changes. Changes in economic conditions affecting borrowers, new information regarding existing loans, identification of additional problem loans and other factors, both within and outside of the Company’s control, may require an
            increase in the allowance for credit losses. Bank regulatory agencies periodically review the Company’s allowance for credit losses and may require an increase in the provision for credit losses or the recognition of further loan charge-offs,
            based on judgments different from those of management. In addition, if charge-offs in future periods exceed the allowance for credit losses, the Company may need additional provisions to increase the allowance for credit losses. These potential
            increases in the allowance for credit losses would result in a decrease in net income and, possibly, capital and may have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition and results of operations. See the section captioned “Risk
            Management – Credit Risk” in Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations located elsewhere in this report for further discussion related to the Company’s process for determining the appropriate
            level of the allowance for loan losses. Management expects that the CECL model may create more volatility in the level of our allowance for credit losses from quarter to quarter as changes in the level of allowance for credit losses will be
            dependent upon, among other things, macroeconomic forecasts and conditions, loan portfolio volumes and credit quality.

Strong competition within our industry and market area could adversely affect our performance and slow our growth.

The Company faces substantial competition in all areas of its operations from a variety of different competitors, many of which are larger and may have more financial resources. Such competitors
            primarily include national, regional and community banks within the various markets in which the Company operates. Additionally, various banks continue to enter or have announced plans to enter the market areas in which the Company currently
            operates. The Company also faces competition from many other types of financial institutions, including, without limitation, savings and loans, credit unions, finance companies, brokerage firms, insurance companies and other financial
            intermediaries. The financial services industry could continue to become even more competitive as a result of legislative, regulatory and technological changes and continued consolidation. Technology has lowered barriers to entry and made it
            possible for non-banks to offer products and services traditionally provided by banks, such as automatic transfer and automatic payment systems. Many of the Company’s competitors have fewer regulatory constraints and may have lower cost
            structures. Additionally, due to their size, many competitors may be able to achieve economies of scale and, as a result, may offer a broader range of products and services as well as better pricing for those products and services than the
            Company can.

The Company’s ability to compete successfully depends on a number of factors, including, among other things:

●

the ability to develop, maintain and build upon long-term customer relationships based on top-quality service, high ethical standards and safe, sound assets;

●

the ability to expand the Company’s market position;

●

the scope, relevance and pricing of products and services offered to meet customer needs and demands;

●

the rate at which the Company introduces new products, services and technologies relative to its competitors;

●

customer satisfaction with the Company’s level of service;

●

industry and general economic trends; and

●

the ability to attract and retain talented employees.

Failure to perform in any of these areas could significantly weaken the Company’s competitive position, which could adversely affect the Company’s growth and profitability, which, in turn, could
            have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition and results of operations.

19

Table of Contents

The Company is subject to liquidity risk, which could adversely affect net interest income and earnings.

The purpose of the Company’s liquidity management is to meet the cash flow obligations of its customers for both deposits and loans. Regulators
              are increasingly focused on liquidity risk after the bank failures of 2023. The primary liquidity measurement the Company utilizes is called basic surplus, which captures the adequacy of the Company’s access to reliable sources of cash
              relative to the stability of its funding mix of average liabilities. This approach recognizes the importance of balancing levels of cash flow liquidity from short and long-term securities with the availability of dependable borrowing sources,
              which can be accessed when necessary. However, competitive pressure on deposit pricing could result in a decrease in the Company’s deposit base or an increase in funding costs. In addition, liquidity will come under additional pressure if
              loan growth exceeds deposit growth. These scenarios could lead to a decrease in the Company’s basic surplus measure to an amount below the minimum policy level of 5%. To manage this risk, the Company has the ability to purchase brokered time
              deposits, borrow against established borrowing facilities with other banks (federal funds) and enter into repurchase agreements with investment companies. Depending on the level of interest rates applicable to these alternatives, the
              Company’s net interest income, and therefore earnings, could be adversely affected. See the section captioned “Liquidity Risk” in Item 7.

Our ability to service our debt, pay dividends and otherwise pay our obligations as they come due is substantially dependent on capital distributions from
            our subsidiaries.

The Company is a separate and distinct legal entity from its subsidiaries. It receives substantially all of its revenue from dividends from its subsidiaries. These dividends are the principal
            source of funds to pay dividends on the Company’s common stock and interest and principal on the Company’s debt. Various federal and/or state laws and regulations limit the amount of dividends that the Bank may pay to the Company. In addition,
            the Company’s right to participate in a distribution of assets upon a subsidiary’s liquidation or reorganization is subject to the prior claims of the subsidiary’s creditors. In the event the Bank is unable to pay dividends to the Company, the
            Company may not be able to service debt, pay obligations or pay dividends on the Company’s common stock. The inability to receive dividends from the Bank could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition and
            results of operations.

A reduction in the Company’s credit rating could adversely affect our business and/or the holders of our securities.

The credit rating agency rating our indebtedness regularly evaluates the Company and the Bank. Credit ratings are based on a number of factors, including our financial strength and ability to
            generate earnings, as well as factors not entirely within our control, including conditions affecting the financial services industry generally and the economy and changes in rating methodologies. There can be no assurance that the Company will
            maintain our current credit ratings. A downgrade of the credit ratings of the Company or the Bank could adversely affect our access to liquidity and capital, significantly increase our cost of funds, and decrease the number of investors and
            counterparties willing to lend to the Company or purchase our securities. This could affect our growth, profitability, and financial condition, including liquidity.

The Company relies on third parties to provide key components of its business infrastructure.

The Company relies on third parties to provide key components for its business operations, such as data processing and storage, recording and monitoring transactions, online banking interfaces and
            services, internet connections and network access. While the Company selects these third party vendors carefully, it does not control their actions. Any problems caused by these third parties, including those resulting from breakdowns or other
            disruptions in communication services provided by a vendor, failure of a vendor to handle current or higher volumes, cyber-attacks and security breaches at a vendor, failure of a vendor to provide services for any reason or poor performance of
            services by a vendor, could adversely affect the Company’s ability to deliver products and services to its customers and otherwise conduct its business. Financial or operational difficulties of a third party vendor could also hurt the Company’s
            operations if those difficulties interfere with the vendor’s ability to serve the Company. Replacing these third party vendors also could create significant delays and expense that adversely affect the Company’s business and performance.

There are substantial risks and uncertainties associated with the introduction or expansion of lines of business or new products and services within existing
            lines of business.

From time to time, the Company may implement new lines of business or offer new products and services within existing lines of business. There are substantial risks and uncertainties associated
            with these efforts, particularly in instances where the markets are not fully developed. In developing and marketing new lines of business and/or new products and services, the Company may invest significant time and resources. Initial
            timetables for the introduction and development of new lines of business and/or new products or services may not be achieved and price and profitability targets may not prove attainable. External factors, such as compliance with regulations,
            competitive alternatives and shifting market preferences, may also impact the successful implementation of a new line of business or a new product or service. Furthermore, any new line of business and/or new product or service could have a
            significant impact on the effectiveness of the Company’s system of internal controls. Failure to successfully manage these risks in the development and implementation of new lines of business or new products or services could have a material
            adverse effect on the Company’s business, results of operations and financial condition.

20

Table of Contents

Risks Related to Legal, Governmental and Regulatory Changes

We are subject to extensive government regulation and supervision, which may interfere with our ability to conduct our business and may negatively impact our
            financial results.

We are subject to extensive federal and state regulation and supervision. Banking regulations are primarily intended to protect depositors’
              funds, the DIF and the safety and soundness of the banking system as a whole, not stockholders. These regulations affect the Company’s lending practices, capital structure, investment practices, dividend policy and growth, among other things.
              Congress and federal regulatory agencies continually review banking laws, regulations and policies for possible changes. Furthermore, political and policy goals of elected officials may change over time, which could impact the rulemaking,
              supervision, examination and enforcement priorities of federal banking agencies. Changes to statutes, regulations or regulatory policies, including changes in interpretation or implementation of statutes, regulations or policies, could affect
              the Company in substantial and unpredictable ways. Such changes could subject the Company to additional costs, limit the types of financial services and products the Company may offer and/or limit the pricing the Company may charge on certain
              banking services, among other things.

Compliance personnel and resources may increase our costs of operations and adversely impact our earnings.

Failure to comply with laws, regulations or policies could result in sanctions by regulatory agencies, civil money penalties and/or reputation damage, which could have a material adverse effect on
            our business, financial condition and results of operations. While the Company has policies and procedures designed to prevent any such violations, there can be no assurance that such violations will not occur. See the section captioned
            “Supervision and Regulation” in