Item 1. Business and Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8. Financial
            Statements and Supplementary Data, which are included elsewhere in this report.

Stock Repurchase

The Company purchased 7,600 shares of its common stock during year ended
                    December 31, 2024 at an average price of $33.02 per share under its previously announced share repurchase program. The Company may repurchase shares of its common stock from time to time to mitigate the potential dilutive effect of
                    stock-based incentive plans and other potential uses of common stock for corporate purposes.

The Company did not purchase any shares of its common
                    stock during the fourth quarter of 2024. As of December 31, 2024, there were 1,992,400 shares available for repurchase under this plan authorized on December 18, 2023, which is set to expire on December 31, 2025.

ITEM 6.

[RESERVED]

30

Table of Contents

ITEM 7.

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

The purpose of this discussion and analysis is to provide a concise description of the consolidated financial condition and results of operations of NBT Bancorp Inc. (“NBT”) and its wholly-owned
            subsidiaries, including NBT Bank, National Association (the “Bank”), NBT Financial Services, Inc. (“NBT Financial”) and NBT Holdings, Inc. (“NBT Holdings”) (collectively referred to herein as the “Company”). When references to “NBT,” “we,”
            “our,” “us,” and “the Company” are made in this report, we mean NBT Bancorp Inc. and our consolidated subsidiaries, unless the context indicates that we refer only to the parent company, NBT Bancorp Inc. When we refer to the “Bank” in this
            report, we mean our only bank subsidiary, NBT Bank, National Association, and its subsidiaries. This discussion will focus on results of operations for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, and financial condition as of
            December 31, 2024 and 2023, including capital resources and asset/liability management. This discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the Company’s consolidated financial statements and related notes.

Forward-Looking Statements

Certain statements in this filing and future filings by the Company with the SEC, in the Company’s press releases or other public or stockholder
              communications or in oral statements made with the approval of an authorized executive officer, contain forward-looking statements, as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements may be identified by the
              use of phrases such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “expect,” “forecasts,” “projects,” “will,” “can,” “would,” “should,” “could,” “may,” or other similar terms. There are a number of factors, many of which are beyond the Company’s control that
              could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements. The discussion in