Item 1.

BUSINESS 

Organizational History and Subsidiaries 

United Bankshares, Inc. (“United,” “we,” “us,” “our,” or the “Company”) is a West Virginia corporation registered as a financial holding company pursuant to the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended. United was incorporated on March 26, 1982, organized on September 9, 1982, and began conducting business on May 1, 1984 with the acquisition of three wholly-owned subsidiaries. Since its formation in 1982, United has acquired thirty-three banking institutions. United has one banking subsidiary “doing business” under the name of United Bank, operating under the laws of Virginia. United Bank offers a full range of commercial and retail banking services and products. United also owns nonbank subsidiaries which engage in other community banking services such as asset management, real property title insurance, financial planning, mortgage banking, and brokerage services. 

Web Site Address 

United’s web site address is 
“www.ubsi-inc.com”.
 United makes available free of charge on its web site the annual report on Form 
10-K,
 quarterly reports on Form 
10-Q,
 current reports on Form 
8-K,
 and amendments thereto, as soon as reasonably practicable after United files such reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). The reference to United’s web site does not constitute incorporation by reference of the information contained in the web site and should not be considered part of this document. The SEC also maintains a website at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. 

Business of United 

As a financial holding company, United’s present business is community banking. As of December 31, 2024, United’s consolidated assets approximated $30.0 billion and total shareholders’ equity approximated $5.0 billion. 

United is permitted to acquire other banks and bank holding companies, as well as thrift institutions. United is also permitted to engage in certain 
non-banking
 activities which are closely related to banking under the provisions of the Bank Holding Company Act and the Federal Reserve Board’s Regulation Y. Management continues to consider such opportunities as they arise, and in this regard, management from time to time makes inquiries, proposals, or expressions of interest as to potential opportunities, although no agreements or understandings to acquire other banks or bank holding companies or 
non-banking
 subsidiaries or to engage in other nonbanking activities, other than those identified herein, presently exist. 

On January 10, 2025, United consummated its acquisition of Piedmont Bancorp, Inc. (“Piedmont”), the parent company of The Piedmont Bank, a Georgia state-chartered bank, with sixteen locations in the State of Georgia. Piedmont was a single bank holding company headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia with total assets of approximately $2.4 billion, total loans of approximately $2.1 billion, total liabilities of approximately $2.2 billion, total deposits of approximately $2.1 billion, and total shareholders’ equity of approximately $202 million as of the merger date. On December 3, 2021, United completed its acquisition of Community Bankers Trust Corporation (“Community Bankers Trust”), the parent company of Essex Bank (“Essex”) with $1.8 billion in assets, headquartered in Richmond, Virginia. The acquisition of Community Bankers Trust enhanced United’s existing presence in the DC Metro MSA and took United into new markets including Baltimore, Annapolis, Lynchburg, Richmond, and the Northern Neck of Virginia. It also strategically connected our 
Mid-Atlantic
 and Southeast footprints. On May 1, 2020, United completed its acquisition of Carolina Financial Corporation (“Carolina Financial”), the parent company of CresCom Bank (“CresCom”) with $5.0 billion in assets, headquartered in Charleston, South Carolina. The acquisition of Carolina Financial broadened United’s footprint in the Southeast region with some of the most desirable banking markets in the nation. Prior to Carolina Financial, United more than doubled its size through three acquisitions in less than three and a half years. In January 2014, United closed its acquisition of Virginia Commerce Bancorp, Inc., followed by the November 2015 announcement of the Bank of Georgetown transaction which closed June 2016. In August 2016, United announced the Cardinal Financial Corporation acquisition which closed April 2017. 

3 

Business of Subsidiaries 

United, through its subsidiaries, engages primarily in community banking offering most types of business permitted by law and regulation. Included among the banking services offered are the acceptance of deposits in checking, savings, time and money market accounts; the making and servicing of personal, commercial, and floor plan loans; and the making of construction and real estate loans. Also offered are individual retirement accounts, safe deposit boxes, wire transfers and other standard banking products and services. As part of its lending function, United Bank offers credit card services. 

United Bank maintains a trust department which acts as trustee under wills, trusts and pension and profit sharing plans, as executor and administrator of estates, and as guardian for estates of minors and incompetents, and in addition performs a variety of investment and security services. United Bank provides services to its correspondent banks such as the buying and selling of federal funds. 

As of December 31, 2024, United’s business activities are confined to one operating segment, United Bank, and one reportable segment, community banking. At December 31, 2023, United had three operating segments: United Bank, George Mason Mortgage, LLC (“George Mason”) and Crescent Mortgage Company (“Crescent”), and two reporting segments: community banking and mortgage banking. However, during the first quarter of 2024, United consolidated the mortgage origination and sales business of George Mason and Crescent with that of United Bank. United previously exited the third-party origination (“TPO”) business during the fourth quarter of 2023. 

United Brokerage Services, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of United Bank, is a fully-disclosed broker/dealer and a Registered Investment Advisor with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (“FINRA”), the Securities and Exchange Commission, and a member of the Securities Investor Protection Corporation. United Brokerage Services, Inc. offers a wide range of investment products as well as comprehensive financial planning and asset management services to the general public. 

United Bank is a member of a network of automated teller machines known as the New York Currency Exchange (“NYCE”) ATM network. The NYCE is an interbank network connecting the ATMs of various financial institutions in the United States and Canada. 

United Bank offers secure Digital Banking for consumer and commercial customers. Digital Banking is available on a multitude of devices to include a browser-based experience, mobile (Apple, Android) and tablet applications. Digital Banking allows customers to manage their financial lives from any place they can access the internet (cellular or 
Wi-Fi).
 Customers can quickly check balances, pay bills, complete internal and Zelle
®
 transfers; all from the convenience of their devices. They can also 
set-up
 text and email alerts to notify them of large transactions and help them avoid overdraft fees. Commercial customers have many of the same services, including balance inquiry, cash management, sweeps and wire transfers. Consumers can also research United Bank products and open deposits accounts online and apply for mortgages from United Bank’s website. 

United Bank also offers an automated telephone banking system, Telebanc, which allows customers to access their personal account(s) or business account(s) information from a touch-tone telephone. 

Lending Activities 

United’s loan and lease portfolio, net of unearned income, increased $314.4 million or 1.47% in 2024 due mainly to loan growth in three major loan categories. The loan and lease portfolio is mainly comprised of commercial, real estate and consumer loans including credit card and home equity loans. Since 
year-end
 2023, commercial, financial and agricultural loans were flat, decreasing $8.0 million or less than 1%. In particular, commercial real estate loans increased $213.1 million or 2.56% while commercial loans (not secured by real estate) decreased $221.1 million or 6.19%. Construction and land development loans increased $360.8 million or 11.46%, residential real estate loans increased $236.1 million or 4.48%, and consumer loans decreased $281.6 million or 26.45% due mainly to a decrease in indirect automobile financing. 

4 

Commercial Loans and Leases 

The commercial loan and lease portfolio consists of loans and leases to corporate borrowers primarily in small to 
mid-size
 industrial and commercial companies, as well as automobile dealers, service, retail and wholesale merchants. Collateral securing these loans includes equipment, machinery, inventory, receivables, vehicles and commercial real estate. Commercial loans and leases are considered to contain a higher level of risk than other loan types although care is taken to minimize these risks. Numerous risk factors impact this portfolio including industry specific risks such as economy, new technology, labor rates and cyclicality, as well as customer specific factors, such as cash flow, financial structure, operating controls and asset quality. United diversifies risk within this portfolio by closely monitoring industry concentrations and portfolios to ensure that it does not exceed established lending guidelines. Diversification is intended to limit the risk of loss from any single unexpected economic event or trend. Underwriting standards require a comprehensive credit analysis and independent evaluation of virtually all larger balance commercial loans by the loan committee prior to approval. 

Real Estate Loans 

Commercial real estate loans consist of commercial mortgages, which generally are secured by nonresidential and multi-family residential properties. Also included in this portfolio are loans that are secured by owner-occupied real estate, but made for purposes other than the construction or purchase of real estate. Commercial real estate loans are to many of the same customers and carry similar industry risks as the commercial loan portfolio. Real estate mortgage loans to consumers are secured primarily by a first lien deed of trust. These loans are traditional 
one-to-four
 family residential mortgages. The loans generally do not exceed an 80% 
loan-to-value
 ratio at the loan origination date and are at either a variable rate or fixed rate of interest. These loans are considered to be of normal risk. Also included in the category of real estate mortgage loans are home equity loans. 

As of December 31, 2024, approximately $641.6 million or 2.96% of United’s loan portfolio were real estate loans that met the regulatory definition of a high 
loan-to-value
 loan. A high 
loan-to-value
 real estate loan is defined as any loan, line of credit, or combination of credits secured by liens on or interests in real estate that equals or exceeds a certain percentage established by United’s primary regulator of the real estate’s appraised value, unless the loan has other appropriate credit support. The certain percentage varies depending on the loan type and collateral. Appropriate credit support may include mortgage insurance, readily marketable collateral, or other acceptable collateral that reduces the 
loan-to-value
 ratio below the certain percentage. 

Consumer Loans 

Consumer loans are secured by automobiles, boats, recreational vehicles, and other personal property. Personal loans and unsecured credit card receivables are also included as consumer loans. United monitors the risk associated with these types of loans by monitoring such factors as portfolio growth, lending policies and economic conditions. Underwriting standards are continually evaluated and modified based upon these factors. 

Underwriting Standards 

United’s loan underwriting guidelines and standards are updated periodically and are presented for approval by the Board of Directors of United Bank. The purpose of the standards and guidelines is to grant loans on a sound and collectible basis; to invest available funds in a safe, profitable manner; to serve the legitimate credit needs of the communities of United’s primary market area; and to ensure that all loan applicants receive fair and equal treatment in the lending process. It is the intent of the underwriting guidelines and standards to minimize loan losses by carefully investigating the credit history of each applicant, verify the source of repayment and the ability of the applicant to repay, collateralize those loans in which collateral is deemed to be required, exercise care in the documentation of the application, review, approval, and origination process, and administer a comprehensive loan collection program. 

United’s underwriting standards and practices are designed to originate both fixed and variable rate loan products in a manner which is consistent with the prudent banking practices applicable to these exposures. Typically, both fixed and variable rate loan underwriting practices incorporate conservative methodology, including the use of stress testing for commercial loans, and other product appropriate measures designed to provide an adequate margin of safety for the full collection of both principal and interest within contractual terms. Consumer real estate secured loans are underwritten to the initial rate, and to a higher assumed rate commensurate with normal market conditions. Therefore, it is the intent of United’s underwriting standards to ensure that adequate primary repayment capacity exists to address both future increases in interest rates, and fluctuations in the underlying cash flows available for repayment. Historically, and at December 31, 2024, United has not offered “teaser rate” loans, and had no loan portfolio products which were specifically designed for 
“sub-prime”
 borrowers. Management defines 
“sub-prime”
 borrowers as consumer borrowers with a credit score of less than 660. 

5 

The above guidelines are adhered to and subject to the experience, background and personal judgment of the loan officer assigned to the loan application. A loan officer may grant, with justification, a loan with variances from the underwriting guidelines and standards. However, the loan officer may not exceed his or her respective lending authority without obtaining the prior, proper approval as outlined in United’s loan policy from a superior, a regional supervisor or market president (dual approval per policy) or the Loan Committee, whichever is deemed appropriate for the nature of the variance. 

Loan Concentrations 

United has commercial loans, including real estate and owner-occupied, income-producing real estate and land development loans, of approximately $15.3 billion as of December 31, 2024. These loans are primarily secured by real estate located in West Virginia, southeastern Ohio, southwestern Pennsylvania, Virginia, Maryland, North Carolina, South Carolina and the District of Columbia. United categorizes these commercial loans by industry according to the North American Industry Classification System (“NAICS”) to monitor the portfolio for possible concentrations in one or more industries. As of the most recent fiscal 
year-end,
 United has one such industry classification that exceeded 10% of total loans. As of December 31, 2024, approximately $10.4 billion or 47.75% of United’s total loan portfolio were for real estate and construction. The loans were originated by United’s subsidiary bank using underwriting standards as set forth by management. United’s loan administration policies are focused on the risk characteristics of the loan portfolio, including commercial real estate loans, in terms of loan approval and credit quality. It is the opinion of management that these loans do not pose any unusual risks and that adequate consideration has been given to the above loans in establishing the allowance for loan losses. 

United does not have a loan classification concentration in the restaurants, hotel and accommodations industry. As of December 31, 2024, approximately $1.3 billion or 5.92% of United’s total loan portfolio were to hotels and other traveler accommodations. In addition, United does not have a loan classification concentration in the mining, quarrying and oil and gas extraction industry. As of December 31, 2024, approximately $118.7 million or less than 1% of United’s total loan portfolio were for the purpose of extracting, manufacturing and distributing oil, coal and natural gas. 

Secondary Markets 

United generally originates loans within the primary market area of United Bank. United may from time to time make loans to borrowers and/or on properties outside of its primary market area as an accommodation to its existing customers. 

United Bank originates residential real estate loans for resale in the secondary market. Mortgage loan originations are generally intended to be sold in the secondary market on a best efforts or mandatory basis. Servicing rights are not retained. 

During 2024, United originated $645.9 million of real estate loans for sale in the secondary market and sold $657.8 million of loans designated as held for sale in the secondary market. Net gains on the sales of these loans during 2024 were $16.1 million. 

The principal sources of revenue from United’s mortgage banking business are: (i) loan origination fees; (ii) gains or losses from the sale of loans; and (iii) interest earned on mortgage loans during the period that they are held by United pending sale, if any. 

Investment Activities 

United’s investment policy stresses the management of the investment securities portfolio, which includes both securities held to maturity and securities available for sale, to maximize return over the long-term in a manner that is consistent with good banking practices and relative safety of principal. United currently does not engage in trading account activity. The Asset/Liability Management Committee of United is responsible for the coordination and evaluation of the investment portfolio. 

Sources of funds for investment activities include “core deposits”. Core deposits include certain demand deposits, savings and NOW accounts. These deposits are relatively stable and they are the lowest cost source of funds available to United. Short-term borrowings have also been a significant source of funds. These include federal funds purchased, securities sold under agreements to repurchase and FHLB borrowings. 

6 

United’s investment portfolio is comprised of a significant amount of mortgage-backed securities, asset-backed securities, obligations of states and political subdivisions, U.S. Treasury securities and obligations of U.S. Government corporations and agencies and corporate securities. Obligations of states and political subdivisions are comprised of primarily “investment grade” rated municipal securities. Interest and dividends on securities for the years of 2024, 2023, and 2022 were $133.3 million, $151.1 million, and $114.5 million, respectively. For the year of 2024 and 2023, United realized net losses on sales of securities of $11.7 million and $7.7 million, respectively. For the year of 2022, United realized net gains on sales of securities of $2 thousand. 

Human Capital 

At United, one of our key competitive advantages is our people. Investment in our human capital is a top priority for the Company. As of December 31, 2024, United and its subsidiaries had 2,553 actual employees and officers. Of the 2,553 actual employees and officers, 2,475 are employed in the community banking segment and 78 are in a general support and administrative function for the Company. None of these employees are represented by a collective bargaining unit and management considers employee relations to be excellent. We emphasize positive attitudes, communication, teamwork, goal attainment, personal growth, and the pursuit of excellence when it comes to delivering high-quality service to our customers and fellow employees. 

Our human capital management strategy focuses on recruiting, developing, and engaging a talented workforce. Our strategy embodies our core values of integrity, teamwork, hard work, and caring, and foster positive attitudes, communication, goal attainment, personal growth, and the pursuit of United’s mission of excellence in service to our shareholders, our customers, our communities, and our employees. 

Focusing on talent selection and developing top talent remains a strong pillar of our organization. We are committed to providing equal opportunity to and avoiding unlawful discrimination against all applicants and employees and attracting, retaining and promoting top quality talent regardless of personal aspects such as sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, race, color, national origin and age. We host college recruiting and internship programs that attract candidates from a variety of colleges and universities within our footprint. These two programs build a talent pipeline and prioritize these individuals for internal openings. 

We are dedicated to providing a workplace for our employees that is supportive, and free of any form of unlawful discrimination or harassment; rewarding and recognizing our employees based on their individual results and performance as well as that of their department and the company overall; and recognizing and respecting all of the characteristics and differences that make each of our employees unique. United offers employees a way to report confidential and anonymous issues of concern through our website. Whether it is a compliance or regulatory violation, wrongdoing, improper conduct, or harassment, the confidential report will be instantly and discreetly forwarded for review. 

Our Leadership Development Program provides an opportunity for the Company’s rising talent from across our footprint and various business lines to strengthen their leadership and communication skills, increase their visibility within the organization, and establish internal networks. This program helps to cultivate a future pipeline of leaders across the institution. Over a period of four years, these individuals are empowered to work on pertinent projects designed to enhance revenue, reduce expenses, and improve risk management functions, while developing the members’ leadership, interactive, and managerial skills. Past members now hold key positions across the Company ranging from Department Managers to Line of Business Leaders to Executive Officers. 

One of our strategic priorities to ensure leadership continuity is effective succession planning. The Company has a formal plan to identify potential successors and actively develop those employees. The plan includes all critical management positions throughout the organization and is updated annually. This process is dynamic, and we have added additional management positions to the plan as the Company continues to evolve and grow. The Company’s executives constantly review and evaluate personnel to identify pools of candidates with high levels of leadership potential and promote their progress by engineering their range of work experiences. We also have an internal and external training platform to ensure our employees have the necessary tools to fill these key positions effectively. 

7 

United also has an effective and efficient onboarding program, introducing new team members to the culture and enabling an environment that helps them be engaged in their roles. We have rigorous interdepartmental training and development programs that provide employees with capabilities to perform their job functions, deliver results, and advance their careers. 

We partnered with West Virginia University to develop an executive training program aimed at developing the technical, theoretical, and applied skills needed for a successful launch into a career in Business Banking. High-performing employees are given opportunities to attend state and national banking schools, conferences, industry peer groups, and training webinars. All United employees have access to career development and skills-based training through our internal online Human Resources (“HR”) management system. 

United makes every effort to ensure that our compensation and benefits packages are inclusive and competitive to attract and retain talent. Our comprehensive benefit plans are designed to fully support our full-time and eligible part-time employees and their families through every stage of their life cycle, recognizing our employees’ individual needs and offering flexible benefit options. As an enhanced benefit, we recently increased our parental leave and family medical leave and added coverage for enhanced infertility coverage. We provide comprehensive health and wellness plans for all eligible employees as well as retirees of United. We also provide other paid-time off benefits such as vacation, sick time, personal days, and birthdays. The Company also provides financial wellness benefits to all employees through our 401K Plan in which the Company provides a competitive match of employee contributions. All employees are eligible to take advantage of United’s Employee Stock Purchase Plan through payroll deductions. 

United Bank’s annual performance evaluation process provides the opportunity for discussing, planning, and reviewing the performance of each employee. The goal is to help employees clearly define and understand the responsibilities and expectations of their position while also identifying employees with high potential for advancement within the company. Performance evaluations also provide an opportunity for employees to be awarded additional compensation based on merit. Managers are expected to maintain open communication throughout the year as it pertains to the performance and mentorship of their employees. Training is provided to managers annually to prepare them for difficult conversations, analyzing team compensation, and maintaining fairness, among other topics. 

We are committed to providing a safe and healthy work environment for our employees and offer services to foster the best physical, mental, and social well-being of our workforce. United’s Employee Assistance Program provides all employees a comprehensive and personalized process with a tailored approach to meet employees where they are and supports them through whatever journey they may be facing. The Employee Assistance Program provides unlimited phone access for information, resources, and referrals and provides sessions with a counselor for the employee and their family members. The employee, and their family, can also take advantage of a host of 
web-based
 resources the program provides. 

The commitment to our employees and their family’s well-being is at the forefront for United and allows us to be competitive in attracting and retaining top talent and ensuring our employee benefits remain competitive when compared with other institutions. 

Competition 

United faces a high degree of competition in all of the markets it serves. We face strong competition in gathering deposits, making loans and obtaining client assets for management by our investment or trust operations. United considers all of West Virginia to be included in its market area. This area includes the five largest West Virginia Metropolitan Statistical Areas (“MSA”): the Parkersburg MSA, the Charleston MSA, the Huntington MSA, the Morgantown MSA and the Wheeling MSA. United serves the Ohio counties of Lawrence, Belmont, Jefferson and Washington and Fayette county in Pennsylvania primarily because of their close proximity to the Ohio and Pennsylvania borders and United banking offices located in those counties or in nearby West Virginia. United’s Virginia markets include the Maryland, northern Virginia and Washington, D.C. MSA, the Winchester MSA, the Harrisonburg MSA, and the Charlottesville MSA. Through its acquisition of Carolina Financial, United’s market also includes the Coastal, Midlands, and Upstate regions of South Carolina, including the Charleston (Charleston, Dorchester and Berkeley Counties), Myrtle Beach (Horry and Georgetown Counties), Columbia (Richland and Lexington Counties), and the Upstate (Greenville and Spartanburg Counties) areas as well as areas in North Carolina including Wilmington (New Hanover County), Raleigh-Durham (Durham and Wake Counties), Charlotte-Concord-Gastonia (NC and SC) and the southeastern coastal region of North Carolina (Bladen, Brunswick, Columbus, Cumberland, Duplin and Robeson Counties). Through its acquisition of Community Bankers Trust, United added new markets in Baltimore and Annapolis, Maryland and Lynchburg and Richmond, Virginia as well as the Northern Neck of Virginia. United considers all of the above locations to be the primary market areas for its business. 

8 

With prior regulatory approval, Virginia banks are permitted unlimited branch banking throughout each state. In addition, interstate acquisitions of and by Virginia banks and bank holding companies are permissible on a reciprocal basis, as well as reciprocal interstate acquisitions by thrift institutions. These conditions serve to intensify competition within United’s market. 

As of December 31, 2024, there were 60 bank holding companies operating in the State of West Virginia registered with the Federal Reserve System and the West Virginia Board of Banking and Financial Institutions, 97 bank holding companies operating in the Commonwealth of Virginia registered with the Federal Reserve System and the Virginia State Corporation Commission, 64 bank holding companies operating in the State of North Carolina registered with the Federal Reserve System and the N.C. Office of the Commissioner of Banks and 65 bank holding companies operating in the State of South Carolina registered with the Federal Reserve System and the South Carolina State Board of Financial Institutions. These holding companies are headquartered in various states and control banks throughout West Virginia, Virginia, North Carolina and South Carolina, which compete for business as well as for the acquisition of additional banks. For further discussion, see the section captioned “United operates in a highly competitive market” in