Item 1A. Risk Factors for a further discussion of risk related to cybersecurity. 

Governance 

The Board of Directors’ risk management oversight is provided primarily by the Board Risk Committee.
 The Risk Committee oversees the Company’s Enterprise Risk Management Program and the processes established identify, measure, manage and monitor United’s significant financial and other risk exposures. In particular, the Risk Committee is responsible for oversight of information security, including cybersecurity, vendor management, and business continuity planning. The Risk Committee periodically reviews management’s strategies and policies for assessing and managing risk, including, but not limited to, the approval of the overall risk appetite and review of the risk management structure. 

At the management level, the 
responsibility
 for oversight of the risk management function lies with the Chief Risk & Information Officer.
 The Chief Risk & Information Officer (“CIRO”) is an executive officer of the Company who reports directly to the Chief Executive Officer. The CIRO provides regular risk management reports to the Risk Committee and the full Board of Directors, as well as at meetings of the independent directors.

The management of the Company’s cybersecurity team has over a 100 years of industry experience combined, holds numerous certifications, and is regularly trained through continuing professional education. Information security, and specifically cyber security, is formally discussed quarterly at the Governance Steering Committee (“GSC”). The GSC is comprised of executive management, IT internal audit, digital banking leadership, and United’s Chief Information Security Officer (“CISO”). The activities of the GSC are reported quarterly to the Board Risk Committee.

The CISO is responsible for leading and c
oordinatin
g our daily cybersecurity efforts, including leading a team of qualified individuals with significant relevant experience and certifications. In addition, United’s CISO has served in various roles in Operations, Physical Security, Fraud Investigations, and Information Security for over 24 years with United. The CISO holds a Bachelor of Science in Criminal Justice and has led the Information Security department since 2014. The Information Security and IT Security teams stay up to date on industry best practices, participate in industry threat intelligence feeds, and maintain multiple professional certifications in the areas of privacy and security. 

The Information Security department is integrated with vendor management, business continuity planning, disaster recovery, and incident response. Additionally, we have a formal cybersecurity program based on the NIST CSF (“National Institute of Standards and Technology Cybersecurity Framework”) and the CIS (“Center for Internet Security”) Benchmarks that identifies and assesses cybersecurity risks. We deploy a variety of preventative and detective tools to monitor, block, and provide alerts regarding suspicious activity. All employees have a responsibility to report suspected or verified incidents to the Information Security department and/or the CISO, and all employees are trained annually regarding the identification and reporting of incidents. The CISO maintains a centralized record all incidents and reports on these quarterly to the GSC and the Board Risk Committee. The CIRO is also immediately notified of any incident that exceeds pre-defined thresholds. 

29