Item 1. Business
Ramaco Resources, Inc. is a Delaware corporation formed in October 
2016. Our Class A and Class B common stock are listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbols “METC” and “METCB,” respectively. Our 9.00% Senior Notes due 2026 (the “Senior Notes due 2026”) and 8.375% Senior Notes due 2029 (the “Senior Notes due 2029,” together with our Senior Notes due 2026, the  “Senior Notes”) are listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbols “METCL” and “METCZ,” respectively. Our principal corporate offices are located in Lexington, Kentucky. As used herein, “Ramaco Resources,” “Ramaco,” “the Company,” “we,” “us,” or “our,” and similar terms include Ramaco Resources, Inc. and its subsidiaries, unless the context indicates otherwise.
General
We are an operator and developer of high-quality, low-cost metallurgical coal in southern West Virginia and southwestern Virginia. We are a pure play metallurgical coal company with 66 million reserve tons and 1,352 million measured and indicated resource tons of high-quality metallurgical coal. We believe our advantaged reserve geology provides us with higher productivity and industry-leading lower cash costs.
Our development portfolio primarily includes the following properties: Elk Creek, Berwind, Knox Creek, and Maben. We believe each of these properties possesses geologic and logistical advantages that make our coal among the lowest delivered-cost U.S. metallurgical coal to our domestic customer base, North American blast furnace steel mills and coke plants, as well as international metallurgical coal consumers. We also control mineral deposits near Sheridan, Wyoming as part of the Company’s initiatives regarding the potential recovery of rare earth elements and critical minerals as well as the potential commercialization of coal-to-carbon-based products and materials. 
Our operations include seven active mines at our Elk Creek mining complex (the “Elk Creek Complex”), two active mines at our Berwind mining complex (the “Berwind Complex”), one active mine at our Knox Creek mining complex (the “Knox Creek Complex”), and one active mine at our Maben mining complex (the “Maben Complex”).
Development of the Elk Creek Complex commenced in 2016 and included the construction of a preparation plant and rail load-out facilities. The Elk Creek property consists of approximately 20,200 acres of controlled mineral rights and contains approximately 16 seams targeted for production. The Elk Creek Complex produces high-volatile A 
4

Table of Contents
and B metallurgical coals. Expansion of the Elk Creek preparation plant occurred in 2022 and 2023 in order to increase production, and high-volatile additions at the Elk Creek Complex occurred during 2024, which were fully in production by the end of the third quarter.
Development of the Berwind Complex began in late 2017. In 2020, we suspended development at the Berwind Complex due to lower pricing and demand largely caused by the COVID-19 outbreak. In early-2021, as pricing and demand improved, Berwind development was restarted. We successfully reached the thicker Pocahontas No. 4 seam in late 2021. The Berwind property consists of approximately 62,500 acres of controlled mineral rights, including the December 2021 acquisition of “Amonate Assets” from subsidiaries of Coronado Global Resources Inc. (“Coronado”) in 2021. The Amonate Assets include a processing plant located in our Berwind Complex, saving us transportation costs to our Knox Creek plant 26 miles away. The Berwind Complex experienced an ignition event in 2022 that resulted in idling mining operations for one of the active mines. Production restarted for the idle mine in the first quarter of 2023. The Berwind Creek Complex currently produces low-volatile and mid-volatile metallurgical coal. The Company continues to increase production at the main Berwind low-volatile mine.
Our Knox Creek Complex includes a preparation plant and 64,050 acres of controlled mineral rights. The Complex currently produces mid and high-volatile metallurgical coal and also processes and ships coal from other third-party operators. The Company closed its Jawbone mine during 2024, which was nearing the end of its mine life and experiencing higher costs of production.
The Maben Coal acquisition in 2022 provides the Company with 28,000 leased acres of controlled mineral rights, which includes coal deposits that may be mined currently by surface and high wall mining methods as well as developed in the future through deep mining. The Maben Complex currently produces low-volatile metallurgical coal. The Company commissioned a preparation plant at the Maben Complex during 2024 in order to reduce trucking costs.
Our RAM Mine property is located in southwestern Pennsylvania. Following years of delays, the Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection issued a denial of the RAM Mine permit during 2023. While the Company believes that the RAM permit was denied incorrectly and capriciously, we will not appeal the denial of the permit and will instead focus on our other core properties and monetize these assets at the appropriate time.
Our Brook Mine property consists of approximately 16,000 acres of controlled mineral rights and a research and development facility that were acquired as part of the purchase of Ramaco Coal in 2022. The mine is currently undergoing testing and analysis to assess the potential concentrations of rare earth elements and critical minerals.
As of December 31, 2024, our estimated aggregate annual production capacity is approximately four to five million clean tons of coal. We plan to complete development of our existing properties and increase annual production over the next few years to possibly as much as seven million clean tons of metallurgical coal annually, subject to market conditions, permitting, and additional capital deployment. We may also acquire additional reserves or infrastructure that contribute to our focus on advantaged geology and lower costs.
Metallurgical Coal Industry 
Metallurgical coal, also known as “met coal “ or “coking coal,” is a key component of the blast furnace steelmaking process and, therefore, demand for such coal is highly correlated with conditions in the steel industry. The global metallurgical coal market has grown steadily in recent years and will likely continue to grow over the next few years driven by the industrialization of emerging economies and expansion of urbanization globally.
United States metallurgical coal mines are primarily located in the Appalachian area of the eastern U.S. Imported metallurgical coal has historically been uneconomic due to transportation costs and availability of domestic supply. Metallurgical coal is transported to domestic customers by truck, rail, barge and vessel. Metallurgical coal contracts in North America are typically 12-month, calendar year contracts where both prices and volumes are fixed. These contracts are normally negotiated and entered into during the third and fourth quarters of the preceding calendar year.
5

Table of Contents
U.S. metallurgical coal is also exported to the seaborne market and sold to buyers in Europe, South America, Africa, and Asia. U.S. metallurgical coal exports are sold to buyers in the Atlantic Basin market (customers in Europe, Brazil and Africa) as well as buyers in the Pacific Basin (customers in India, South Korea, Japan and China). U.S. metallurgical coal exports compete with Australian metallurgical coals that are generally produced at a lower cost but are geographically disadvantaged to the Atlantic Basin. Conversely, Australian production has a much shorter logistical route to Pacific Basin customers. Any supply shortfall out of Australia, or increase in global demand beyond Australia’s capacity, has historically been serviced by U.S. and Canadian metallurgical coal producers. 
Export metallurgical coal pricing is determined utilizing a series of indices from a number of independent sources and is adjusted for coal quality. Contracted export volumes have terms that vary in duration from spot cargoes to one year, rarely exceeding one year. In some cases, indices are used to calculate pricing at the point that the coal changes hands. In other cases, an average value of indices over time may be utilized. While the term “benchmark” is still utilized, it too is determined based on index values, typically for the preceding three months.
Metallurgical coals are generally classified as high, medium or low-volatile (“vol”). Volatiles are products, other than water, that are released as gas or vapor when coal is converted to coke. Carbon is the primary element that remains when the volatiles are released.
Our Strategy
Our business strategy is to increase stockholder value through sustained earnings growth, cash flow generation and dividends by:
Developing and Operating Our Metallurgical Coal Properties. 
We have 66 million reserve tons and 1,352 million measured and indicated resource tons of high-quality metallurgical coal with attractive quality characteristics across high-volatility and low-volatility segments. This geologically advantaged resource and reserve base allows for flexible capital spending in challenging market conditions. 
We plan to complete development of our existing properties and increase annual production over the next few years to as much as seven million clean tons of metallurgical coal, subject to market conditions, permitting, and additional capital deployment. We may also acquire additional reserves or infrastructure that contribute to our focus on advantaged geology and lower costs.
Being a Low-Cost U.S. Producer of Metallurgical Coal.

Our reserve base presents advantaged geologic characteristics such as relatively thick coal seams at the deep mines, a low effective mining ratio at the surface mines, and desirable metallurgical coal quality. These characteristics contribute to a production profile that has a cash cost of production that is significantly below most U.S. metallurgical coal producers.
Maintaining a Conservative Capital Structure and Prudently Managing the Business for the Long Term. 
We are committed to maintaining a conservative capital structure with a reasonable amount of debt that will afford us the financial flexibility to execute our business strategies on an ongoing basis.

Enhancing Coal Purchase Opportunities. 
Depending on market conditions, we purchase coal from other independent producers. Purchased coal is complementary from a blending standpoint with our produced coals or it may also be sold as an independent product.
Demonstrating Excellence in Safety and Environmental Stewardship.
 We are committed to complying with both regulatory and our high standards for environmental and employee health and safety requirements. We believe that business excellence is achieved through the pursuit of safer and more productive work practices.
Advancing our Initiatives in Rare Earth Elements, Critical Minerals, and Advanced Carbon Products
. We are also focused on the potential development of rare earth elements and critical minerals, including gallium and germanium which were recently banned for export to the United States by China, as well as the potential commercialization of coal-to-carbon-based products and materials. These initiatives provide additional growth opportunities in future periods. 
6

Table of Contents
Our Projects
Our properties are primarily located in southern West Virginia, southwestern Virginia, southwestern Pennsylvania, and northeastern Wyoming. The following map shows the location of our mining complexes and projects, excluding our properties located in Pennsylvania and Wyoming:
​
Elk Creek Mining Complex
Our Elk Creek Complex in southern West Virginia began production in late December 2016. The Elk Creek property consists of approximately 20,200 acres of controlled mineral rights and contains 16 seams that we believe are economically mineable. Nearly all our seams contain high-quality, high-volatile metallurgical coal accessible at or above drainage. Additionally, almost all of this coal is high-fluidity, which is an important factor for high-volatile metallurgical coal.
We control the majority of the coal and related mining rights within the existing permitted areas and our current mine plans, as well as the surface for our surface facilities, through lease agreements with McDonald Land Company among others. We estimate that the Elk Creek Complex contains reserves capable of yielding approximately 29 million 
7

Table of Contents
tons of clean saleable metallurgical coal as well as measured and indicated metallurgical coal resource tons of 211 million. We estimate that the mine life for the Elk Creek Complex is 15 years.
We currently market most of the coal produced from the Elk Creek Complex as a blended high-volatile A/B product. When segregated, a portion of our coal can be sold as a high-volatile A product for a premium. Our market for Elk Creek production is North American coke and steel producers as well as European, South American, Asian and African customers, and occasionally to coal traders and brokers for use in filling orders for their blended products. Additionally, we seek to market a portion of our coal in the specialty coal markets that value low ash content.
We process our Elk Creek coal production through the preparation plant located on-site at the complex, which has a heavy-media vessel, large-diameter heavy-media cyclone, dual-stage spiral concentrators, froth flotation, horizontal vibratory and screen bowl centrifuges. Our rail load-out facilities at Elk Creek are served by the CSX railroad; however, we also have the ability to develop on controlled property a rail-loading facility on the Norfolk Southern railroad, which would facilitate dual rail service. We have not yet committed capital for the development of a Norfolk Southern rail facility.
The combined refuse capacity at the active disposal areas is expected to provide over 20 years of disposal life for our operations with additional refuse areas being permitted. We completed construction of a full complement of plate presses during 2020 to allow for dewatering of material which then was being pumped as slurry to our impoundment. This equipment allows us to process all waste material for placement in areas designed for combined refuse disposal and maximize the life for disposal of fine waste rock in the pool of the impoundment.
A large portion of our controlled reserves are permitted through existing, issued permits, and we continue actively pursuing multiple new permits.
On January 3, 2020, we entered into a mineral lease with the McDonald Land Company for coal reserves which, in many cases, are located immediately adjacent to our Elk Creek Complex. This leased property became available after the former base lease with another party was terminated. The prior lessee, who controlled the property since 1978, did not produce commercial amounts of coal from the property during their possession of the lease. While it is unusual to have a metallurgical reserve in this part of Central Appalachia remain idle for such an extended period of time, the configuration and location of the tracts lend themselves to be mined and processed far more efficiently from our Elk Creek property. The McDonald reserves have the same geological advantages and low costs that are being experienced in our Elk Creek mines. 
During 2022, we began work on a throughput upgrade at our Elk Creek Preparation plant. The upgrade, which was completed in 2023, increased our annual processing capacity for this complex to approximately three million tons per year. In order to utilize the increased capacity, we also began development work on additional low-cost, high- volatile mines at Elk Creek, which were fully in production by the end of the third quarter of 2024.
Berwind Mining Complex
Our Berwind Complex is located on the border of West Virginia and Virginia and is well-positioned to fill the anticipated market for low-volatile coals. The Berwind property consists of approximately 62,500 acres of controlled mineral rights, including the Amonate acquisition. We estimate that the Berwind Complex contains reserves capable of yielding approximately 19 million tons of clean saleable metallurgical coal as well as measured and indicated metallurgical coal resource tons of 634 million. We estimate that the mine life for the Berwind Complex is over 20 years.
Development of our Berwind Complex began in late 2017 in the thinner Pocahontas No. 3 seam and has since sloped up to current mining in the thicker Pocahontas No. 4 seam. In 2020, we suspended development at the Berwind Complex due to lower pricing and demand largely caused by the economic effects of COVID-19. In early 2021, as pricing and demand improved, Berwind development resumed, and we successfully reached the Pocahontas No. 4 seam in late 2021. The Berwind Complex experienced an ignition event during the third quarter of 2022 that resulted in idling 
8

Table of Contents
mining operations for one of the active mines. Production restarted for the idle mine in the first quarter of 2023. The Company continues to increase production at the main Berwind low-volatile mine.
We have the necessary permits for the Berwind Complex for our current and budgeted operations. A permit for our Squire Jim seam room-and-pillar underground mine was issued in 2020 and contains a large area of Squire Jim seam coal deposits. The Squire Jim seam of coal is the lowest known coal seam on the geologic column in this region, and due to the depth of cover has never been significantly explored. At this point, we do not anticipate activating this mining permit.
In December 2021, we acquired the Amonate Assets from Coronado, pursuant to an asset purchase agreement. The acquisition included a mine complex located in McDowell County, West Virginia and Tazewell County, Virginia adjacent and contiguous to the Company’s existing Berwind Complex. The assets primarily consist of high-quality, low and mid-volatile metallurgical coal reserves and resources, much of which will be mined from the Company’s Berwind Complex. Also purchased were several additional permitted mines and an idled 1.3 million ton per annum capacity coal preparation plant with a rail loading facility.
We began mine development on the Amonate Assets shortly after acquisition, and production began in the first quarter of 2022. The preparation plant and rail loading facility were refurbished in 2022 and began operation in the fourth quarter of 2022. Rail service is provided by Norfolk Southern.
Knox Creek Mining Complex
The Knox Creek Complex consists of approximately 64,050 acres of controlled mineral rights as well as a preparation plant, a coal-loading facility, and a refuse impoundment. The Complex currently produces mid and high-volatile metallurgical coal and also processes coal purchased from other independent producers from time to time. Rail service is provided by Norfolk Southern.
In the fourth quarter of 2019, we acquired multiple permits from various affiliates of Omega Highwall Mining, LLC. These permits are in close proximity to our Knox Creek preparation plant and loadout infrastructure and provide immediate access to two separate mining areas in Southwestern Virginia. One is a deep mine permit in the Jawbone Seam, a geologically advantaged metallurgical coal reserve and resource. The second is a metallurgical surface mine in the Tiller seam that is mined via surface and highwall mining methods. 
In August 2021, we began production at the Big Creek surface mine. We added a highwall miner in the fourth quarter of 2021. The mine reached full production during 2023.
We estimate that the Knox Complex contains reserves capable of yielding approximately 7 million tons of clean saleable metallurgical coal as well as measured and indicated metallurgical coal resource tons of 277 million. We estimate that the mine life for the Knox Creek Complex is approximately 12 years. The Company closed its Big Creek Jawbone mine during 2024, which was nearing end of mine life and experiencing higher cost production.
RAM Mine
Following years of delays, the Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection issued a denial of the RAM Mine permit in southwest Pennsylvania. While the Company believes that the RAM permit was denied incorrectly and capriciously, we will not appeal the denial of the permit and will instead focus on our other core properties and monetize these assets at the appropriate time.
Maben Complex
The Maben property is located in southern West Virginia and consists of approximately 28,000 acres of controlled mineral rights acquired from the purchase of Maben Coal in the third quarter of 2022. As part of the transaction, we assumed existing mining permits issued by the West Virginia Department of Environmental Protection, which authorizes mining by both surface and highwall mining methods as well as by underground methods. The 
9

Table of Contents
property also has issued permits covering an existing haul road as well as an active refuse disposal area together with a preparation plant and unit train loadout, neither of which had been constructed as of the closing date. During 2024, the Company completed the purchase of an existing coal preparation plant and relocated the plant to the Company’s Maben Complex, which was commissioned early in the fourth quarter. The addition of the preparation plant is expected to reduce trucking costs going forward.
The Maben property contains various areas of high-quality low-vol metallurgical coal in the Sewell, Beckley, Pocahontas 3, Pocahontas 4, and Pocahontas 6 seams of coal. The Company expects that coal contained in the Sewell seam will be mined by surface and high-wall mining methods. Initial production of low-volatile began in 2023, and the Company will consider deep mine development of coal contained in Beckley, Pocahontas 3, 4, and 6 seams at a future point. 
We estimate that the Maben Complex contains reserves capable of yielding approximately 11 million tons of clean saleable metallurgical coal as well as measured and indicated metallurgical coal resource tons of 230 million. The expected mine life for the Maben Complex is estimated to be 15 years.
Brook Mine 
The property is located in northeastern Wyoming, near Sheridan, and consists of approximately 16,000 acres of controlled mineral rights and a research and development facility that were acquired as part of the purchase of Ramaco Coal during 2022. The property includes a thermal coal deposit as well as a large unconventional deposit of rare earth elements and critical minerals sourced from coal and carbonaceous ore. This property is also being used to support the Company’s possible expansion into the manufacture and commercialization of advanced carbon products and materials from coal.
The Company continues to evaluate the commercial and technical feasibility of extracting critical minerals and rare earth elements within the current Brook Mine permit area. Preliminary findings indicate significant concentrations of critical minerals scandium, gallium, and germanium as well as rare earth elements neodymium, praseodymium, dysprosium, and terbium.
Customers and Contracts
Coal prices differ substantially by region and are impacted by many factors including the overall economy, demand for steel, demand for electricity, location, market, quality and type of coal, mine operation costs and the cost of customer alternatives. The major factors influencing our business are the global economy and demand for steel.
We market our production to North American integrated steel mills and coke plants as well as international customers in Europe, South America, Asia, and Africa. Additionally, we market limited amounts of our production to various premium-priced specialty markets, such as foundry cokemakers, manufacturers of activated carbon products, and specialty metals producers. 
Coal quality and volumes are stipulated in coal sales agreements, and, in many cases, the annual pricing and volumes are fixed. Our contracts with customers typically require us to deliver coal with minimum specifications or qualities. Variances from these specifications or qualities are settled by employing price adjustments.
Generally, the Company’s domestic sales contracts have terms of about one year and the pricing is typically fixed. Export sales have spot or term contracts, and pricing can be either fixed or derived from index-based pricing mechanisms.
We sold 4.0 million tons of coal during 2024 and recognized $666.3 million of revenue. Of this amount, 33% of our revenue was from sales into North American markets and 67% of our revenue was from sales into export markets. During 2024, sales to two customers accounted for approximately 22% of total revenue. No other customer accounted for 10% or more of our total revenue during 2024. If a major customer decided to stop purchasing coal or significantly 
10

Table of Contents
reduced its purchases from us, revenue could decline and our operating results and financial condition could be adversely affected.
Trade Names, Trademarks and Patents
We do not have any registered trademarks or trade names for our traditional products and services or subsidiaries, nor do we believe that any trademark or trade name is material to our metallurgical coal business. The names of the seams in which we have coal reserves, and attributes thereof, are widely recognized in the metallurgical coal market. However, trademarks related to our advanced carbon products business could become material depending on future developments, of which there are four registered trademarks and seven pending trademark applications.
In connection with our advanced carbon products business, the Company holds 76 intellectual property patents and pending patents related to the conversion of low-cost carbon ore into higher-value carbon products as well as exclusive licensing agreements, all of which have a remaining duration of 14-20 years.
Competition
Our principal domestic competitors include Alpha Metallurgical Resources, Inc., Blackhawk Mining, LLC, Coronado Global Resources Inc., Arch Resources, Inc. (now a subsidiary of Core Natural Resources), Peabody Energy Corporation, and Warrior Met Coal, Inc. We also compete in international markets directly with domestic companies and with companies that produce coal from one or more foreign countries, such as Australia, Canada, and Colombia. Many of these coal producers are larger than we are and have greater financial resources and larger reserve bases than we do.
​
Suppliers
Supplies used in our business include petroleum-based fuels, explosives, tires, conveyance structure, ventilation supplies, lubricants and other raw materials as well as spare parts and other consumables used in the mining process. We use third-party suppliers for a significant portion of our equipment rebuilds and repairs, drilling services and construction. We believe adequate substitute suppliers and contractors are available, and we are not dependent on any one supplier or contractor. We continually seek to develop relationships with suppliers and contractors that focus on reducing our costs while improving quality and service.
Environmental, Health and Safety and Other Regulatory Matters
Our operations are subject to numerous federal, state, and local environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, such as those relating to permitting and licensing matters, employee health and safety, reclamation and restoration of mining properties, water discharges, air emissions, plant and wildlife protection, the storage, treatment and disposal of certain materials (including solid and hazardous wastes), remediation of contaminated sites, surface subsidence from underground mining and the effects of mining on surface water and groundwater conditions. 
Compliance with these laws and regulations may be costly and time-consuming, delay the commencement, continuation or expansion of exploration or production at our facilities, and depress demand for our products by imposing more stringent requirements and limits on our customers’ operations. Moreover, these laws are constantly evolving, and the trend has been for increasingly complex and stringent regulation over time. New legislative or administrative proposals, changes in administrative and judicial interpretations of existing laws and regulations related to the protection of the environment could result in substantially increased capital, operating and compliance costs. 
Due in part to these extensive and comprehensive regulatory requirements and ever-changing interpretations of these requirements, violations of these laws can occur from time to time in our industry and also in our operations. Expenditures relating to environmental compliance are a major cost consideration for our operations and safety and compliance is a significant factor in mine design, both to meet regulatory requirements and to minimize long-term environmental liabilities. 
11

Table of Contents
The following is a summary of the various federal and state environmental and similar laws and regulations that have a material impact on our business.  Potentially significant changes to federal laws and regulations are anticipated to occur under the new Trump Administration.  Accordingly, the following discussion pertains to laws and regulations as they existed prior at the end of 2024, prior to the change in Administration.
Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act.
 The Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 (the “SMCRA”) establishes comprehensive operational, reclamation and closure standards for our mining operations and requires that such standards be met during the course of and following completion of mining activities. The SMCRA also stipulates compliance with many other major environmental statutes, including the Clean Air Act (the “CAA”), the Clean Water Act (the “CWA”), the Endangered Species Act (the “ESA”), the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act (the “RCRA”) and the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 (the “CERCLA”). Permits for all mining operations must be obtained from the United States Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement (the “OSMRE”) or, where state regulatory agencies have adopted federally approved state programs under SMCRA. Our operations are located in West Virginia and Virginia, which have each individually achieved primacy to regulate and enforce surface mining and reclamation operations within the respective state to ensure compliance with SMCRA.
The SMCRA imposes a complex set of requirements covering all facets of coal mining. SMCRA regulations govern, among other things, coal prospecting, mine plan development, topsoil or growth medium removal and replacement, disposal of excess spoil and coal refuse, protection of the hydrologic balance, and suitable post mining land uses.
From time to time, the OSMRE will also update its mining regulations under the SMCRA. For example, the OSMRE has previously sought to impose stricter stream protection requirements by requiring more extension pre-mining and baseline data for coal mining operations. The rule was disapproved by Congress pursuant to the Congressional Review Act. However, whether Congress will enact future legislation to require a new stream protection rule remains uncertain. The existing rules, or other new SMCRA regulations, could result in additional material costs, obligations and restrictions upon our operations.
Abandoned Mine Lands Fund.
 The SMCRA also imposes a reclamation fee on all current mining operations, the proceeds of which are deposited in the Abandoned Mine Reclamation Fund (the “AML Fund”), which is used to restore unreclaimed and abandoned mine lands mined before 1977. The adjusted fees proposed in the Interim Final Rule per ton for October 1, 2021 through September 30, 2034 are (i) 22.4 cents per ton for surface-mined anthracite, bituminous, and subbituminous coal if the value per ton is $2.24 per ton or more, (ii) 9.6 cents per ton for underground-mined anthracite, bituminous, and subbituminous coal if the value per ton is $0.96 per ton, and (iii) 6.4 cents per ton for surface- and underground-mined lignite coal if the value per ton is $3.20 per ton or more.  The Interim Final Rule took effect in August 2022. Estimates of our total reclamation and mine-closing liabilities are based upon permit requirements and our experience related to similar activities. If these accruals are insufficient or our liability in a particular year is greater than currently anticipated, our future operating results could be adversely affected.
Mining Permits and Approvals.
 Numerous governmental permits and approvals are required for mining operations. We are required to prepare and present to federal, state, and local authorities data detailing the effect or impact that any proposed exploration project for production of coal may have upon the environment, the public and our employees. The permitting rules are complex and continuously updated, and may be subject to discretionary interpretations by regulators. Further, the laws, rules, and regulations that govern our mining operations authorize substantial fines and penalties, including revocation or suspension of mining permits under some circumstances. Monetary sanctions and, in certain circumstances, even criminal sanctions may be imposed for failure to comply with these laws. Compliance with required permits and associated regulations may have a material adverse impact on our operations, earnings, or financial condition.
Applications for permits and permit renewals associated with our mining operations are also subject to public comment and potential legal challenges from third parties seeking to prevent a permit from being issued, or to overturn the applicable agency’s grant of the permit. Should our permitting efforts become subject to such challenges, the permits may not be issued in a timely fashion, may impose requirements which restrict our ability to conduct our mining 
12

Table of Contents
operations or to do so profitably, or may not be issued at all. Any delays, denials, or revocation of these or other similar permits we need to operate could reduce our production and materially adversely impact our cash flow and results of our operations.
In order to obtain mining permits and approvals from state regulatory authorities, mine operators must also submit a reclamation plan for restoring the mined property to its prior condition, productive use or other permitted condition. The conditions of certain permits also require that we obtain surface-owner consent if the surface estate has been split from the mineral estate. This requires us to negotiate with third parties for surface access that overlies coal we acquired or intend to acquire. These negotiations can be costly and time-consuming, lasting years in some instances, which can create additional delays in the permitting process. If we cannot successfully negotiate for land access, we could be denied a permit to mine coal we already own.
Finally, we typically submit necessary mining permit applications several months, or even years, before we anticipate mining a new area. However, we cannot control the pace at which the government issues permits needed for new or ongoing operations. For example, the process of obtaining CWA permits can be particularly time-consuming and subject to delays and denials and generally involves multiple levels of agency review. The Environmental Protection Agency (the “EPA”) also has the authority to veto permits issued by the U.S. Army Corps. of Engineers (the “Corps”) under the CWA’s Section 404 program that prohibits the discharge of dredged or fill material into regulated waters without a permit. And for many permit applications, the Corps is required to review the proposed activity under the National Environmental Policy Act (“NEPA”), which can involve the preparation of lengthy and complex environmental assessments or environmental impact statements. Even after we obtain the permits that we need to operate, many of the permits must be periodically renewed, or may require modification. There is some risk that not all existing permits will be approved for renewal, or that existing permits will be approved for renewal only upon terms that restrict or limit our operations in ways that may be material.
Financial Assurance. 
Federal and state laws require a mine operator to secure the performance of its reclamation and lease obligations under the SMCRA through the use of surety bonds or other approved forms of financial security for payment of certain long-term obligations, including mine closure or reclamation costs. The changes in the market for coal used to generate electricity in recent years have led to bankruptcies involving prominent coal producers. Several of these companies relied on self-bonding to guarantee their responsibilities under the SMCRA permits including for reclamation. In response to these bankruptcies, the OSMRE issued a policy advisory in August 2016 to state agencies that was intended to discourage authorized states from approving self-bonding arrangements (the “Policy Advisory”). Although the Policy Advisory was rescinded in October 2017, certain states, including Virginia, had previously announced that they would no longer accept self-bonding to secure reclamation obligations under the state mining laws. Additionally, in March 2018, the Government Accounting Office recommended that Congress consider amending the SMCRA to eliminate the availability of self-bonding to guarantee responsibilities under SMCRA permits. Individually and collectively, these and future revised various financial assurance requirements may increase the amount of financial assurance needed and limit the types of acceptable instruments, straining the capacity of the surety markets to meet demand. This may delay the timing for and increase the costs of obtaining the required financial assurance.
We use surety bonds, trusts and letters of credit to provide financial assurance for certain transactions and business activities. Federal and state laws require us to obtain surety bonds to secure payment of certain long-term obligations including mine closure or reclamation costs and other miscellaneous obligations. The bonds are renewable on a yearly basis. Surety bond rates have increased in recent years and the market terms of such bonds have generally become less favorable. Sureties typically require coal producers to post collateral, often having a value equal to 40% or more of the face amount of the bond. As a result, we may be required to provide collateral, letters of credit or other assurances of payment in order to obtain the necessary types and amounts of financial assurance. Under our surety bonding program, we are not currently required to post any letters of credit or other collateral to secure the surety bonds; obtaining letters of credit in lieu of surety bonds could result in a significant cost increase. Moreover, the need to obtain letters of credit may also reduce amounts that we can borrow under any senior secured credit facility for other purposes. If, in the future, we are unable to secure surety bonds for these obligations and are forced to secure letters of credit indefinitely or obtain some other form of financial assurance at too high of a cost, our profitability may be negatively affected.
13

Table of Contents
We intend to maintain a credit profile that precludes the need to post collateral for our surety bonds. Nonetheless, our surety has the right to demand additional collateral at its discretion.
Some international customers require new suppliers to post performance guarantees during the initial stages of qualifying to become a long-term supplier. To date we have not had to provide a performance guarantee, but it is possible that such a guarantee could be required in the future.
Mine Safety and Health. 
The Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977, as amended (the “MINE Act”) and the Mine Improvement and New Emergency Response Act of 2006 (the “MINER Act”), and regulations issued under these federal statutes, impose stringent health and safety standards on mining operations. The regulations that have been adopted under the Mine Act and the MINER Act are comprehensive and affect numerous aspects of mining operations, including training of mine personnel, mining procedures, roof control, ventilation, blasting, use and maintenance of mining equipment, dust and noise control, communications, emergency response procedures, and other matters. The Mine Safety and Health Administration (the “MSHA”) regularly inspects mines to ensure compliance with regulations promulgated under the Mine Act and MINER Act.
Pennsylvania, West Virginia, and Virginia all have similar programs for mine safety and health regulation and enforcement. The various requirements mandated by federal and state statutes, rules, and regulations place restrictions on our methods of operation and result in fees and civil penalties for violations of such requirements or criminal liability for the knowing violation of such standards, significantly impacting operating costs and productivity.
The regulations enacted under the Mine Act and MINER Act as well as under similar state acts are routinely expanded or made more stringent, raising compliance costs and increasing potential liability.  For example, in April 2024, the MSHA issued a new regulation (76 Fed. Reg. 28218, April 18, 2024) amending standards increasing the stringency of and proposing new requirements to protect the health of miners exposed to respirable crystalline silica.  Our compliance with current or future mine health and safety regulations could increase our mining costs. At this time, it is not possible to predict the full effect that new or proposed statutes, regulations and policies will have on our operating costs, but any expansion of existing regulations, or making such regulations more stringent, may have a negative impact on the profitability of our operations. If we were to be found in violation of mine safety and health regulations, we could face penalties or restrictions that may materially and adversely impact our operations, financial results and liquidity.
In addition, government inspectors have the authority to issue orders to shut down our operations based on safety considerations under certain circumstances, such as imminent dangers, accidents, failures to abate violations, and unwarrantable failures to comply with mandatory safety standards. If an incident were to occur at one of our operations, it could be shut down for an extended period of time, and our reputation with prospective customers could be materially damaged. Moreover, if one of our operations is issued a notice of pattern of violations, then MSHA can issue an order withdrawing the miners from the area affected by any enforcement action during each subsequent significant and substantial (“S&S”) citation until the S&S citation or order is abated. 
Workers’ Compensation and Occupational Disease. 
We are insured for workers’ compensation benefits for work related injuries that occur within our United States operations. We retain insurance coverage for all of our subsidiaries and are insured for the statutory limits. Workers’ compensation liabilities, including those related to claims incurred but not reported, are recorded principally using annual valuations based on discounted future expected payments using historical data of the operating subsidiary or combined insurance industry data when historical data is limited. State workers’ compensation acts typically provide for an exception to an employer’s immunity from civil lawsuits for workplace injuries in the case of intentional torts. However, West Virginia’s workers’ compensation act provides a much broader exception to workers’ compensation immunity. The exception allows an injured employee to recover against his or her employer where he or she can show damages caused by an unsafe working condition of which the employer was aware that was a violation of a statute, regulation, rule or consensus industry standard. These types of lawsuits are not uncommon and could have a significant impact on our operating costs.
In addition, we obtained from a third-party insurer a workers’ compensation insurance policy, which includes coverage for medical and disability benefits for occupational disease under the Federal Coal Mine Health and Safety Act of 1969 and the Mine Act. Under the Black Lung Benefits Revenue Act of 1977 and the Black Lung Benefits Reform 
14

Table of Contents
Act of 1977, as amended in 1981, each coal mine operator must pay federal black lung benefits to claimants who are current and former employees and also make payments to a trust fund for the payment of benefits and medical expenses to claimants who last worked in the coal industry prior to January 1, 1970.
The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010 includes significant changes to the federal black lung program including an automatic survivor benefit paid upon the death of a miner with an awarded black lung claim and the establishment of a rebuttable presumption with regard to pneumoconiosis among miners with 15 or more years of coal mine employment that are totally disabled by a respiratory condition. These changes could have a material impact on our costs expended in association with the federal black lung program. In addition to possibly incurring liability under federal statutes, we may also be liable under state laws for black lung claims.
Clean Air Act.
 The CAA and comparable state laws that regulate air emissions affect coal mining operations both directly and indirectly. Direct impacts on coal mining and processing operations include CAA permitting requirements and emission control requirements relating to air pollutants, including particulate matter such as fugitive dust. The CAA indirectly impacts coal mining operations by extensively regulating the emissions of particulate matter, sulfur dioxide, nitrogen oxides, mercury and other compounds emitted by coal-fired power plants. In addition to the greenhouse gas (“GHG”) issues discussed below, the air emissions programs that may materially and adversely affect our operations, financial results, liquidity, and demand for our coal, directly or indirectly, include, but are not limited to, the following:
·
Cross-State Air Pollution Rule.
 In July 2011, the EPA finalized the Cross-State Air Pollution Rule (the “CSAPR”), a cap-and-trade program that requires 28 states in the Midwest and eastern seaboard of the U.S. to reduce power plant emissions that cross state lines and contribute to ozone and/or fine particle pollution in other states. In September 2016, the EPA finalized a rule that further limited summertime (May-September) nitrogen oxide emissions from power plants in 22 states in the eastern United States beginning in May 2017 (the “CSAPR Update Rule”). For states to meet these requirements, a number of coal-fired electric generating units will likely need to be retired, rather than retrofitted with the necessary emission control technologies, reducing demand for thermal coal. Moreover, in September 2019, the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit (“D.C. Circuit”) remanded the CSAPR Update Rule to the EPA on the grounds that it failed to timely require upwind states to control or eliminate their contribution to ozone and/or fine particulate matter in downwind states, as required under the CAA. In October 2020, the EPA proposed a Revised CSAPR Update Rule in response to the D.C. Circuit’s ruling, which was finalized in April 2021. The final rule resolves 21 states’ outstanding interstate pollution transport obligations and would require additional emissions reductions of nitrogen oxides from power plants in 12 states. Imposition of stricter deadlines for controlling downwind contribution could accelerate unit retirements or the need to implement emission control strategies. Any reduction in the amount of coal consumed by electric power generators as a result of these limitations could decrease demand for thermal coal.  In February 2023, EPA found that 21 states’ state implementation plans (SIPs) did not protect downwind states from interstate ozone, leading to EPA’s finalization of a federal implementation Plan (FIP) in March 2023 under the CAA’s Good Neighbor requirements, referred to as the Good Neighbor Plan rule for the 2015 ozone National Ambient Air Quality Standards (“NAAQS”).  The Good Neighbor Plan rule implemented nitrogen oxide (“NOx”) limits on power plants and, for the first time, industrial sources, in 23 states.  Litigation has ensued, eventually leading to the Supreme Court’s stay of the enforcement of the Good Neighbor Rule in 
Ohio v. EPA
.  In November 2024, EPA issued an interim final rule (89 Fed. Reg. 87960 (Nov. 6, 2024) confirming that the Good Neighbor Rule is stayed nationwide.  
·
Acid Rain
. Title IV of the CAA requires reductions of sulfur dioxide emissions by electric utilities and applies to all coal-fired power plants generating greater than 25 megawatts of power. Affected power plants have sought to reduce sulfur dioxide emissions by switching to lower sulfur fuels, installing pollution control devices, reducing electricity generating levels or purchasing or trading sulfur dioxide emission allowances. These reductions could impact our customers in the electric generation industry. These requirements are not supplanted by the CSAPR.
15

Table of Contents
·
NAAQS for Criterion Pollutants.
 The CAA requires the EPA to set standards, referred to as the NAAQS, for six common air pollutants: carbon monoxide, nitrogen dioxide, lead, ozone, particulate matter (“PM”) and sulfur dioxide. Areas that are not in compliance (referred to as “non-attainment areas”) with these standards must take steps to reduce emissions levels. The EPA has adopted NAAQS for carbon monoxide, nitrogen dioxide, lead, sulfur dioxide, PM and ground-level ozone. The CAA further requires the EPA to periodically review and revise the NAAQS, resulting in the trend of more stringent standards over time.  In February 2024, for example, the EPA published a final rule that revised the primary annual PM
2.5
 standard by lowering the level from 12.0 µg/m
3
 to 9.0 µg/m
3
.  States with non-attainment areas must adopt a state implementation plan that demonstrates compliance with the existing or new air quality standards. These plans could require significant additional emissions control expenditures at coal-fired power plants. New rules and standards may also impose additional emissions control requirements on our customers in the electric generation, steelmaking, and coke industries. Because coal mining operations emit particulate matter and sulfur dioxide, our mining operations could be affected when the new standards are implemented by the states.
​
·
Mercury and Hazardous Air Pollutants
. The EPA has established emission standards for mercury and other metals, fine particulates, and acid gases from coal- and oil-fired power plants through the Mercury and Air Toxics Standards (“MATS”) rule.  In April 2024, EPA issued a final rule further strengthening MATS emission standards pertaining to mercury, toxic metals and filterable particulate matter.  Like CSAPR, MATS and other similar future regulations could accelerate the retirement of a significant number of coal-fired power plants. Such retirements would likely adversely impact our business.
Global Climate Change. 
Climate change continues to attract considerable public and scientific attention. There is widespread concern about the contributions of human activity to such changes, especially through the emission of GHGs. Numerous reports from scientific and governmental bodies such as the United Nations Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change have expressed heightened concerns about the impacts of human activity, especially fossil fuel combustion, on the global climate. There are three primary sources of GHGs associated with the coal industry. First, the end use of our coal by our customers in electricity generation, coke plants, and steelmaking is a source of GHGs. Second, combustion of fuel by equipment used in coal production and to transport our coal to our customers is a source of GHGs. Third, coal mining itself can release methane, which is considered to be a more potent GHG than carbon dioxide, directly into the atmosphere. These emissions from coal consumption, transportation and production are subject to pending and proposed regulation as part of initiatives to address global climate change.
As a result, numerous proposals have been made and are likely to continue to be made at the international, national, regional, state and local levels of government to monitor and limit emissions of GHGs. Collectively, these initiatives could result in higher electric costs to our customers or lower the demand for coal used in electric or steel generation, which could in turn adversely impact our business.
At present, we are principally focused on metallurgical coal production, which is not used in connection with the production of power generation. However, we may seek to sell greater amounts of our coal into the power-generation market in the future. The market for our coal may be adversely impacted if comprehensive legislation or regulations focusing on GHG emission reductions are adopted, or if our customers are unable to obtain financing for their operations.
At the international level, in April 2016, the United States joined the international community at the 21st Conference of the Parties of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change in Paris, France, which resulted in an agreement intended to nationally determine their contributions and set GHG emission reduction goals every five years beginning in 2020. In November 2019, plans were formally announced for the U.S. to withdraw from the Paris Agreement with an effective exit date in November 2020. In February 2021, the administration announced reentry of the U.S. into the Paris Agreement along with a new “nationally determined contribution” for U.S. GHG emissions that would achieve emissions reductions of at least 50% relative to 2005 levels by 2030. In addition, shortly after taking office in January 2021, President Biden issued a series of executive orders designed to address climate change. In November 2021, the 26th Conference of the Parties to the United Nations Framework on Climate Change concluded with the finalization of the Glasgow Climate Pact, which aims to cut global methane pollution at least 30% by 
16

Table of Contents
2030 relative to 2020 levels, including “all feasible reductions” in the energy sector. Forty-six countries signed onto a Global Coal to Clean Energy Transition Statement, committing to transition away from unabated coal power generation by about 2030 for “major economies” and a global transition by roughly 2040. Most recently, at the 27th conference of parties (“COP27”), President Biden announced the EPA’s proposed standards to reduce methane emissions from existing oil and gas sources, and agreed, in conjunction with the European Union and a number of other partner countries, to develop standards for monitoring and reporting methane emissions to help create a market for low methane-intensity natural gas. Various state and local governments have also publicly committed to furthering the goals of the Paris Agreement. International commitments, reentry into the Paris Agreement and President Biden’s executive orders may result in the development of additional regulations or changes to existing regulations that may impact our business.
The $1 trillion legislative infrastructure package passed by Congress in November 2021 includes a number of climate-focused spending initiatives targeted at climate resilience, enhanced response and preparation for extreme weather events, and clean energy and transportation investments. In August 2022, President Biden signed the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 into law. The law provides significant funding and incentives for research and development of low-carbon energy production methods, carbon capture, and other programs directed at addressing climate change. The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 also provides significant funding for research and development of low-carbon energy production methods, carbon capture, and other programs directed at addressing climate change. 
Furthermore, the EPA has determined that emissions of GHGs present an endangerment to public health and the environment, because emissions of GHGs are, according to the EPA, contributing to the warming of the earth’s atmosphere and other climatic changes. Based on these findings, the EPA, over time, has attempted to restrict emissions of GHGs under existing provisions of the CAA. For example, in August 2015, the EPA finalized the Clean Power Plan (the “CPP”) to cut carbon emissions from existing power plants, which did not formally go into effect because the U.S. Supreme Court stayed its implementation in February 2016. In July 2019, the EPA adopted the Affordable Clean Energy Rule (the “ACE Rule”) that repealed and replaced the CPP. The ACE Rule
 required states to set appropriate GHG emission standards for power plants within their jurisdiction based upon the application of “candidate” heat rate improvement measures. In January 2021, the D.C. Circuit vacated the ACE Rule and remanded it to the agency for further proceedings. In February 2021, the EPA issued a memorandum stating the agency’s position that neither the Clean Power Plan nor the ACE Rule are in effect, and future regulation of carbon dioxide emissions from existing power generation facilities remains uncertain  In May 2024, EPA finalized new source performance standards (“NSPS”) regulating GHG emissions for new gas-fired power plants and existing coal-fired power plants (89 Fed. Reg. 39798 (May 9, 2024).  In October 2024, the Supreme Court denied challenges seeking a stay of the NSPS GHG rule.  Under the Trump Administration, the future of the NSPS GHG rule is uncertain; however, the finalization of this rule and any future rules or future GHG emission standards may encourage a shift away from coal-fired power generation, adversely impacting the market for our product.

Additionally, on March 6, 2024, the SEC adopted final rules to require registrants to disclose certain climate-related information in registration statements and annual reports. The final rules will require the Company to disclose, among other things, material climate-related risks, information about our board of directors’ (“Board”) oversight of climate-related risks, management’s role in managing material climate-related risks, and Scope 1 and Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions. Compliance with these rules will be phased in over time based on our filing status as well as the content of the disclosure and assurance requirements. Reporting under the rule may result in increased legal, accounting, and other compliance-related costs, as well as place strain on our personnel, systems, and resources. On April 4, 2024, the SEC issued an order to stay the rule in response to legal challenges, which have been consolidated under the Eighth Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals.
At the state level, several states, including Pennsylvania and Virginia, have already adopted measures requiring GHG emissions to be reduced within state or regional boundaries, including cap-and-trade programs and the imposition of renewable energy portfolio standards. Various states and regions have also adopted GHG initiatives, and certain governmental bodies have imposed, or are considering the imposition of, fees or taxes based on the emission of GHGs by certain facilities. A number of states have also enacted legislative mandates requiring electricity suppliers to use renewable energy sources to generate a certain percentage of power. Furthermore, many state and local leaders have intensified or stated their intent to intensify efforts to support international climate commitments and treaties. 
17

Table of Contents
The extent of future regulation of GHG emissions may inhibit utilities from investing in the building of new coal-fired plants to replace older plants or investing in the upgrading of existing coal-fired plants. Any reduction in the amount of coal consumed by electric power generators as a result of actual or potential regulation of GHG emissions could decrease demand for thermal coal, thereby reducing our revenue and adversely affecting our business and results of operations. We or our prospective customers may also have to invest in carbon dioxide capture and storage technologies in order to burn coal and comply with future GHG emission standards.
Finally, there have been attempts to encourage the reduction of coalbed methane emissions because methane has a greater GHG effect than carbon dioxide and can give rise to safety concerns. For example, the EPA has established the Coalbed Methane Outreach Program in an effort to mitigate methane emissions from underground coal mines through voluntary initiatives and outreach in partnership with the coal industry. If new laws or regulations were introduced to reduce coalbed methane emissions, those rules could adversely affect our costs of operations by requiring installation of air pollution controls, higher taxes, or costs incurred to purchase credits that permit us to continue operations.
Clean Water Act.
 The CWA and corresponding state laws and regulations affect coal mining operations by restricting the discharge of pollutants, including dredged or fill materials, into waters of the United States. Likewise, permits are required under the CWA to construct impoundments, fills or other structure in areas that are designated as waters of the United States. For example, prior to placing fill material in waters of the United States, such as with the construction of a valley fill, coal mining companies are required to obtain a permit from the Corps under Section 404 of the CWA. The permit can be either a Nationwide Permit (“NWP”), normally NWP 21, 49 or 50 for coal mining activities, or a more complicated individual permit. NWPs are designed to allow for an expedited permitting process, while individual permits involve a longer and more detailed review process. The EPA has the authority to veto permits issued by the Corps under the CWA’s Section 404 program that prohibits the discharge of dredged or fill material into regulated waters without a permit. Additionally, recent court decisions, regulatory actions and proposed legislation have created uncertainty over CWA jurisdiction and permitting requirements, such as (1) an April 2020 decision further defining the scope of the CWA, wherein the U.S. Supreme Court held that, in certain cases, discharges from a point source to groundwater could fall within the scope of the CWA and require a permit and (2) a May 2023 decision further defining the scope of the CWA, wherein the U.S. Supreme Court held that discharges from a point source to a wetland could fall within the scope of the CWA and require a permit if the adjacent body of water is a relatively permanent body of water connected to traditional interstate navigable waters and the wetland has a continuous surface connection with that water.
Prior to discharging any pollutants into waters of the United States, coal mining companies must obtain a National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System (“NPDES”) permit from the appropriate state or federal permitting authority. NPDES permits include effluent limitations for discharged pollutants and other terms and conditions, including required monitoring of discharges. Failure to comply with the CWA or NPDES permits can lead to the imposition of significant penalties, litigation, compliance costs and delays in coal production. Potential changes in state and federally recommended water quality standards may result in the issuance or modification of permits with new or more stringent effluent limits or terms and conditions. For instance, waters designated by states as impaired (i.e., as not meeting current water quality standards) are subject to Total Maximum Daily Load (“TMDL”) regulations, which may lead to the adoption of more stringent discharge standards for our coal mines and could require more costly treatment. Likewise, the water quality of certain receiving streams requires an anti-degradation review before approving any discharge permits. TMDL regulations and anti-degradation policies may increase the cost, time and difficulty associated with obtaining and complying with NPDES permits. In addition, in certain circumstances private citizens may challenge alleged violations of NPDES permit limits in court. Recently, certain citizen groups have filed lawsuits alleging ongoing discharges of pollutants, including selenium and conductance, from valley fills located at certain mining sites in some of the regions where we operate. In West Virginia, several of these cases have been successful for the challengers. While it is difficult to predict the outcome of any potential or future suits, such litigation could result in increased compliance costs following the completion of mining at our operations.
Finally, in June 2015, the EPA and the Corps published a new definition of “waters of the United States” (“WOTUS”) that would have expanded areas requiring NPDES or Corps Section 404 permits. This definition never took effect as it was replaced by the Navigable Waters Protection Rule (the “NWPR”) in December 2019. A coalition of 
18

Table of Contents
states and cities, environmental groups and agricultural groups challenged the NWPR, which was vacated by the U.S. District Court for the District of Arizona in August 2021. In December 2022, the EPA and Corps announced the final “Revised Definition of ‘Waters of the United States’” rule. This rule is not currently operative in certain states and for certain parties due to ongoing litigation. In August 2023, the EPA and Corps issued a final rule to amend the “Revised Definition of ‘Waters of the United States’” rule in response to the U.S. Supreme Court’s May 2023 decision in the case of 
Sackett v. Environmental Protection Agency
. In the jurisdictions and for the parties where the January 2023 rule is enjoined, the EPA and Corps are interpreting “waters of the United States” consistent with the U.S. Supreme Court’s decision in 
Sackett
 and the pre-2015 regulatory regime. To the extent a new rule or further litigation expands the scope of the CWA’s jurisdiction, 
the CWA permits we need may not be issued, may not be issued in a timely fashion, or may be issued with new requirements which restrict our ability to conduct mining operations or to do so profitably.  It is anticipated that the Trump Administration will attempt to clarify the meaning of WOTUS largely in-line with the Supreme Court’s decision in
 Sackett
. 
Resource Conservation and Recovery Act. 
The RCRA and corresponding state laws establish standards for the management of solid and hazardous wastes generated at our various facilities. Besides affecting current waste disposal practices, the RCRA also addresses the environmental effects of certain past hazardous waste treatment, storage and disposal practices. In addition, the RCRA requires certain of our facilities to evaluate and respond to any past release, or threatened release, of a hazardous substance that may pose a risk to human health or the environment.
The RCRA may affect coal mining operations by establishing requirements for the proper management, handling, transportation and disposal of solid and hazardous wastes. For example, the EPA regulates coal ash as a solid waste under Subtitle D of the RCRA through its coal combustion residuals (“CCR”) rule. This rule establishes limits for the location of new sites and requires closure of sites that fail to meet prescribed engineering standards, regular inspections of impoundments, and immediate remediation and closure of unlined ponds that are polluting ground water. As initially promulgated, the rule exempted closed coal ash impoundments located at inactive facilities and allowed for the continued operation of unlined or clay-lined ponds that were not polluting groundwater. Additionally, in December 2016, Congress passed the Water Infrastructure Improvements for the Nation Act, which provided for the establishment of state and EPA permit programs for the control of CCR and authorizes states to incorporate the EPA’s final rule for CCR or develop other criteria that are at least as protective as the final rule. In May 2024, the EPA finalized regulations for legacy CCR surface impoundments and coal ash disposed in areas outside of regulated units including certain previously closed surface impoundments and landfills. The current requirements of the CCR rules, as well as any future changes in the management of CCR, could increase our customers’ operating costs and potentially reduce their ability or need to purchase coal. In addition, contamination caused by the past disposal of CCR, including coal ash, could lead to material liability for our customers under the RCRA or other federal or state laws and potentially further reduce the demand for coal.
Currently, certain coal mine wastes, such as earth and rock covering a mineral deposit (commonly referred to as overburden) and coal cleaning wastes, are exempted from hazardous waste management under the RCRA. Any change or reclassification of this exemption could significantly increase our coal mining costs.
Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act.
 CERCLA and similar state laws affect coal mining operations by, among other things, imposing cleanup requirements for threatened or actual releases of hazardous substances into the environment. Under CERCLA and similar state laws, joint and several liability may be imposed on hazardous substance generators, site owners, transporters, lessees and others regardless of fault or the legality of the original disposal activity. Although the EPA excludes most wastes generated by coal mining and processing operations from the primary hazardous waste laws, such wastes can, in certain circumstances, constitute hazardous substances for the purposes of CERCLA. In addition, the disposal, release or spilling of some products used by coal companies in operations, such as chemicals listed as hazardous substances under CERCLA, could trigger the liability provisions of CERCLA or similar state laws. The EPA periodically evaluates the CERCLA list of hazardous substances.  In September 2022, the EPA proposed to designate two per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (“PFAS”), including their salts and structural isomers, as hazardous substances under CERCLA. This proposed rule, if finalized, may result in increased costs to cleanup properties at which the listed PFAS were released.  
19

Table of Contents
We may be subject to liability under CERCLA and similar state laws for coal mines that we currently own, lease or operate or that we or our predecessors have previously owned, leased or operated, and sites to which we or our predecessors sent hazardous substances. These liabilities could be significant and materially and adversely impact our financial results and liquidity.
Endangered Species and Bald and Golden Eagle Protection Acts. 
The ESA and similar state legislation protect species designated as threatened, endangered or other special status. The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service (the “USFWS”) works closely with the OSMRE and state regulatory agencies to ensure that species subject to the ESA are protected from mining-related impacts. Several species indigenous to the areas in which we operate are protected under the ESA. Other species in the vicinity of our operations may have their listing status reviewed in the future and could also become protected under the ESA. In addition, the USFWS has identified bald eagle habitats in some of the counties where we operate. The Bald and Golden Eagle Protection Act prohibits taking certain actions that would harm bald or golden eagles without obtaining a permit from the USFWS. Compliance with the requirements of the ESA and the Bald and Golden Eagle Protection Act could have the effect of prohibiting or delaying us from obtaining mining permits. These requirements may also include restrictions on timber harvesting, road building and other mining or agricultural activities in areas containing the affected species or their habitats. There is also increasing interest in nature-related matters beyond protected species, such as general biodiversity, which may similarly require us or our customers to incur costs or take measures which may adversely impact our business or operations. 
Use of Explosives. 
Our surface mining operations are subject to numerous regulations relating to blasting activities. Due to these regulations, we will incur costs to design and implement blast schedules and to conduct pre-blast surveys and blast monitoring. In addition, the storage of explosives is subject to various regulatory requirements. For example, the Department of Homeland Security requires facilities in possession of chemicals of interest (including ammonium nitrate at certain threshold levels) to complete a screening review. Our mines are low risk, Tier 4 facilities which are not subject to additional security plans. The adoption of future, more stringent standards related to the use of explosives could materially adversely impact our cost or ability to conduct our mining operations.
National Environmental Policy Act.
 The National Environmental Policy Act (the “NEPA”) requires federal agencies, including the Department of Interior, to evaluate major agency actions that have the potential to significantly impact the environment, such as issuing a permit or other approval. In the course of such evaluations, an agency will typically prepare an environmental assessment to determine the potential direct, indirect and cumulative impacts of a proposed project. Where the activities in question have significant impacts to the environment, the agency must prepare an environmental impact statement. Compliance with the NEPA can be time-consuming and may result in the imposition of mitigation measures that could affect the amount of coal that we are able to produce from mines on federal lands, and may require public comment. Furthermore, whether agencies have complied with the NEPA is subject to protest, appeal or litigation, which can delay or halt projects. The NEPA review process, including potential disputes regarding the level of evaluation required for climate change impacts, may extend the time and/or increase the costs and difficulty of obtaining necessary governmental approvals, and may lead to litigation regarding the adequacy of the NEPA analysis, which could delay or potentially preclude the issuance of approvals or grant of leases.
On July 16, 2020, the Council on Environmental Quality (“CEQ”) revised NEPA’s implementing regulations to make the NEPA process more efficient, effective, and timely. The rule required federal agencies to develop procedures consistent with the new rule within one year of the rule’s effective date (which was extended to two years in June 2021). These regulations are subject to ongoing litigation in several federal district courts, and in October 2021, CEQ issued a notice of proposed rulemaking to amend the NEPA regulatory changes adopted in 2020 in two phases. Phase I of CEQ’s proposed rulemaking process was finalized on April 20, 2022 and generally restored provisions that were in effect prior to 2020. In May 2024, the CEQ published its final Phase II rule, further defining what federal actions are subject to NEPA, and what level of review required for those federal actions. However, recent litigation has effectively rescinded these rules and left the future of NEPA regulation uncertain.  On November 12, 2024, the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals issued a ruling in 
Marin Audubon Society v. Federal Aviation Administration 
holding that CEQ lacked the authority issue binding regulations implementing NEPA.  And on January 20, 2025, the Trump Administration ordered CEQ to issue guidance on NEPA implementation and to propose rescinding CEQ’s current NEPA regulations. On February 3, 2025, the U.S. District Court for the District of North Dakota in 
Iowa v. Council on Envtl. Quality
, vacated the Phase II NEPA rule, finding that CEQ lacked authority to promulgate binding regulations.  Taken together, the rulings in 
Marin 
20

Table of Contents
Audubon 
and 
Iowa
 appear to eliminate CEQ regulations governing NEPA; therefore, at present, federal agencies will need to determine their own process and requirements for evaluating major agency actions under NEPA.
Other Environmental Laws. 
We are required to comply with numerous other federal, state, and local environmental laws and regulations in addition to those previously discussed. These additional laws include but are not limited to the Safe Drinking Water Act, the Toxic Substances Control Act, the Emergency Planning and Community Right-to-Know Act and similar state laws. Each of these laws can impact permitting or planned operations and can result in additional costs or operational delays.
​
Seasonality
Our primary business is not materially impacted by seasonal fluctuations. Demand for metallurgical coal is generally more heavily influenced by other factors such as the general economy, interest rates and commodity prices.
Human Capital Resources
We believe our employees are a competitive advantage. We seek to foster a culture that strives to provide a safe, healthy and rewarding work environment with opportunities for growth. We had 984 employees as of December 31, 2024, including our named executive officers, and nearly all of our employees are full-time employees. None of our employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements, and we have not experienced any strikes or work stoppages related to labor relation issues. We believe we have good relations with our employees. Our human capital resources objectives include, as applicable, identifying, recruiting, training, retaining, incentivizing and integrating our existing and additional employees. We also depend on experienced contractors and third-party consultants to conduct some of our day-to-day activities. We plan to continue to use the services of many of these contractors and consultants.
Safety Philosophy.

We have a comprehensive health and safety program based on the core belief that all accidents and occupational illnesses are preventable. We believe that:
●
Business excellence is achieved through the pursuit of safer and more productive work practices.
●
Any task that cannot be performed safely should not be performed.
●
Working safely is a requirement of our employees.
●
Controlling the work environment is important, but human behavior within the work environment is paramount.
●
Safety starts with individual decision-making—all employees must assume a share of responsibility for acts within their control that pose a risk of injury to themselves or fellow workers.
●
All levels of the organization must be proactive in implementing safety processes that promote a safe and healthy work environment.
●
Consequently, we are committed to providing a safe work environment; providing our employees with proper training and equipment; and implementing safety and health rules, policies and programs that foster safety excellence.
Our safety program includes a focus on the following:
●
Hiring the Right Workers
. Our hiring program includes significant pre-employment screening and reference checks.
●
Safety Incentives
. We have a compensation system that encourages and rewards excellent safety performance.
●
Communication
. We conduct regular safety meetings with the frequent involvement of senior management to reinforce the “tone at the top.”
●
Drug and Alcohol Testing
. We require pre-employment drug screening as well as regular random drug testing that exceeds regulatory requirements.
21

Table of Contents
●
Continuous Improvement Programs
. We track key safety performance metrics, including accident rates, violation types and frequencies. We have specific targets in these areas, and we measure performance against these targets. Specific action plans are implemented for targeted improvement in areas where performance falls below our expectations.
●
Training
. Our training program includes comprehensive new employee orientation and training, annual refresher training and task training components. These training modules are designed to reinforce our high safety expectations. Work rules and procedures are a key element of this training.
●
Accident Investigation
. We have a structured accident investigation procedure that identifies root causes of accidents as well as actions necessary to prevent reoccurrence. We focus on near misses and close calls as a means of attempting to prevent more serious accidents from occurring.
●
Safety Audits
. We conduct periodic safety audits that include workplace examinations, including observation of workers at work, as well as safety program reviews. Both internal and external resources are utilized to conduct these audits.
●
Employee Performance Improvement
. A key element of our safety program is the recognition that safe work practices are a requirement of employment. We identify employee performance that is below expectations and develop specific action plans for improvement.
●
Employee Involvement
. The key to excellent safety is employee involvement and engagement. We foster direct employee involvement in a number of ways including audit participation, accident investigations, as training resources and through solicitation of ideas in small group meetings and through anonymous workplace observation suggestion boxes.
●
Positive Reinforcement
. Establishing safety as a core belief is paramount to our safety performance. As a result, we look for opportunities to celebrate accomplishments and to build pride in our operational safety and performance.
Available Information
Our investor relations website is ir.ramacoresources.com and we encourage investors to use it as a way of easily finding information about us. We promptly make available on this website, free of charge, the reports that we file or furnish with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), corporate governance information (including our Code of Conduct and Ethics) and press releases. Our filings with the SEC are also available to the public from commercial document retrieval services and at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov.
​
22

Table of Contents