ITEM 3.	LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.

The Company is involved in various lawsuits and routine claims arising out of the normal course of its business. The Company maintains insurance coverage for its operations and employees with appropriate aggregate, per occurrence and deductible limits as the Company reasonably determines necessary or prudent with current operations and historical experience.  The major policies include coverage for property, general liability, cyber, auto, directors and officers, health, and workers’ compensation insurances.  In the opinion of management, the ultimate amount of liability not covered by insurance, if any, under any pending litigation and claims, individually or in the aggregate, will not have a material adverse effect on the financial position or operating results of the Company.

ITEM 4.	MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES.

Not Applicable

PART II

ITEM 5.	MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES.

The Company's common stock is traded in the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol “MGRC”.  As of February 19, 2025, the Company's common stock was held by approximately 46 shareholders of record, which does not include shareholders whose shares are held in street or nominee name.  The Company believes that when holders in street or nominee name are added, the number of holders of the Company's common stock exceeds 500.

The Company has in the past made purchases of shares of its common stock from time to time in over-the-counter market (NASDAQ) transactions, through privately negotiated, large block transactions and through a share repurchase plan, in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 of the Exchange Act. In September 2024, the Company's Board of Directors increased the capacity under the share repurchase program by authorizing the Company to repurchase up to 2,000,000 shares of the Company's outstanding common stock (the "Repurchase Plan"), an increase from the 1,309,805 remaining shares authorized for repurchase under the Repurchase Plan established in August 2015. The amount and time of the specific repurchases are subject to prevailing market conditions, applicable legal requirements and other factors, including management’s discretion. All shares repurchased by the Company are canceled and returned to the status of authorized but unissued shares of common stock. There can be no assurance that any authorized shares will be repurchased, and the Repurchase Plan may be modified, extended or terminated by the Company’s Board of Directors at any time. There were no shares repurchased during the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2024 and 2023. As of December 31, 2024, 2,000,000 shares were authorized for repurchase under the Repurchase Plan.

There were no repurchases of our common stock for the quarter ended December 31, 2024.

ITEM 6.	[Reserved]

-
28
-

ITEM 7.	MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.

The following Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. The Company’s actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including those set forth in this section as well as those discussed under Part I, “