Item 1A. Risk Factors” and elsewhere in this document. This discussion should be read together with the financial statements and the related notes thereto set forth in “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.”

Results of Operations

General

The Company, incorporated in 1979, is a leading rental provider of relocatable modular buildings for classroom and office space, portable storage containers, and electronic test equipment for general purpose and communications needs.  The Company’s primary emphasis is on equipment rentals.  At December 31, 2024 the Company was comprised of four reportable business segments: (1) its modular building rental segment (“Mobile Modular”); (2) its portable storage container rental segment ("Portable Storage"); (3) its electronic test equipment rental segment (“TRS-RenTelco”); and (4) its classroom manufacturing segment selling modular buildings used primarily as classrooms in California (“Enviroplex”).  In 2024, Mobile Modular, Portable Storage, TRS-RenTelco and Enviroplex contributed 68%, 16%, 12% and 4%, respectively, of the Company’s income from continuing operations before provision for taxes (the equivalent of “pre-tax income”), compared to 62%, 22%, 16% and less than 1%, respectively, for 2023.

The Company generates its revenues primarily from the rental of its equipment on operating leases with sales of equipment occurring in the normal course of business.  The Company requires significant capital outlay to purchase its rental inventory and recovers its investment through rental and sales revenues.  Rental revenue and certain other service revenues negotiated as part of the lease agreements with customers and related costs are recognized on a straight-line basis over the terms of the lease.  Sales revenue and related costs are recognized upon delivery and installation of the equipment to the customers.  Sales revenues are less predictable and can fluctuate from period to period depending on customer demands and requirements.  Generally, rental revenues less cash operating costs recover the equipment’s capitalized cost in a shorter period of time relative to the equipment’s potential rental life and when sold, sale proceeds are usually above its net book value.

The Company’s rental operations include rental and rental related services revenues which comprised approximately 70% of the Company’s total revenues from continuing operations in 2024 and 74% for the three years ended December 31, 2024.  Over the past three years, modulars, storage containers and electronic test equipment comprised approximately 65%, 15% and 20%, respectively, of the cumulative rental operations revenues from continuing operations.  The Company’s direct costs of rental operations include depreciation of rental equipment, rental related service costs, impairment of rental equipment, and other direct costs of rental operations (which include direct labor, supplies, repairs, insurance, property taxes, license fees and amortization of certain lease costs).

The Company sells modulars, storage containers and electronic test equipment that are new, or previously rented.  The Company’s Enviroplex subsidiary manufactures and sells new modular classrooms.  The renting and selling of some modular equipment requires a dealer’s license, which the Company has obtained from the appropriate governmental agencies.  Sales and other revenues of modulars, containers and electronic test equipment have comprised approximately 30% of the Company’s consolidated revenues from continuing operations in 2024 and 26% for the three years ended December 31, 2024.  Over the past three years, modulars, containers and electronic test equipment comprised approximately 83%, 3% and 14% of sales and other revenues, respectively.  The Company’s cost of sales includes the carrying value of the equipment sold and the direct costs associated with the equipment sold such as delivery, installation, modifications and related site work.

The rental and sale of modulars to public school districts comprised 24%, 18% and 21% of the Company’s consolidated rental and sales revenues from continuing operations for 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.  (For more information, see “