Item 3.
Legal Proceedings
28
Item 4.
Mine Safety Disclosures
28
PART II
Item 5.
Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
29
Item 6.
Reserved
31
Item 7.
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
31
Item 7A.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
42
Item 8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
43
Item 9.
Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
74
Item 9A.
Controls and Procedures
74
Item 9B.
Other Information
76
Item 9C.
Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections
76
PART III
Item 10.
Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
76
Item 11.
Executive Compensation
76
Item 12.
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
76
Item 13.
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
76
Item 14.
Principal Accountant Fees and Services
76
PART IV
Item 15.
Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules
77
Item 16.
Form 10-K Summary
78
SIGNATURES

79
2
Table of Contents
Forward-Looking Statements
This Annual Report on Form 10-K (“Annual Report”) contains statements not purely historical and which may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), including statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, future plans and strategies, anticipated events or trends concerning matters that are not historical facts or that necessarily depend upon future events. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as “may,” “will,” “should,” “could,” “would,” “expect,” “plan,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “project,” “predict,” “potential,” “intend,” and similar expressions. This Annual Report contains, among others, forward-looking statements based upon current expectations that involve numerous risks and uncertainties, including those described in Item 1A. “Risk Factors”. 
Investors are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, involve risks and uncertainties and that actual results may differ materially from those possible results discussed in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors.
Do not place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements as they speak only as of the date they are made. Except as required by law, Option Care Health, Inc. assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement even if experience or future changes make it clear that any projected results expressed or implied therein will not be realized.
3
Table of Contents
PART I