Item 1.    
Business
Overview
Option Care Health, Inc. (“Option Care Health”, “we”, “us”, “our”, or the “Company”) is the largest independent provider of home and alternate site infusion services through its national network of 185 locations in 43 states. Option Care Health draws on over 40 years of clinical care experience to offer patient-centered, cost-effective infusion therapy. Option Care Health’s infusion services include the clinical management of infusion therapy, nursing support and care coordination. Option Care Health’s multidisciplinary team of more than 5,000 clinicians, including pharmacists, pharmacy technicians, nurses and dietitians, are able to provide infusion service coverage for nearly all patients across the United States (“U.S.”) needing treatment for complex and chronic medical conditions.
On April 7, 2015, HC Group Holdings II, Inc. (“HC II”) and its sole shareholder, HC Group Holdings I, LLC. (“HC I”), collectively acquired Walgreens Infusion Services, Inc. and its subsidiaries from Walgreen Co., and the business was rebranded as Option Care, Inc. (“Option Care”).
On March 14, 2019, HC I and HC II entered into a definitive agreement to merge with and into a wholly-owned subsidiary of BioScrip, Inc. (“BioScrip”) (the “Merger”), a national provider of infusion and home care management solutions, which was completed on August 6, 2019 (the “Merger Date”). Following the close of the Merger, BioScrip was rebranded as Option Care Health, Inc.
Option Care Health contracts with managed care organizations, third-party payers, hospitals, physicians and other referral sources to provide pharmaceuticals and complex compounded solutions to patients for intravenous delivery in the patients’ homes or other nonhospital settings. Our services are provided in coordination with, and under the direction of, the patient’s physician. Our multidisciplinary team of clinicians, including pharmacists, nurses, dietitians and respiratory therapists, work with the physician to develop a plan of care suited to each patient’s specific needs. We provide home infusion services consisting of anti-infectives, nutrition support, chronic inflammatory disorders, neurological disorders, immunoglobulin therapy, and other therapies for chronic and acute conditions. The Company operates in one segment, infusion services.
The Company’s operating model enables it to provide favorable outcomes to its stakeholders as follows:
•
Patients.
   The Company improves patients’ quality of life by allowing them to receive infusion therapy at home or at one of its ambulatory infusion suites. In addition, the Company helps manage patients’ conditions through counseling and education regarding their treatment and by providing ongoing monitoring to encourage patient compliance with the prescribed therapy. The Company also provides services to help patients receive reimbursement benefits.
•
Payers.
   The Company provides payers with a comprehensive approach to meeting their pharmacy service needs and providing a cost-effective solution. The Company’s provision of infusion pharmacy services in the patient’s home or at one of its local ambulatory infusion suites offers a lower cost alternative to providing these therapies in a hospital setting. The Company also provides payers with utilization and outcome data to evaluate therapy effectiveness.
•
Providers.
   The Company provides providers with timely patient clinical support by providing care management related to their patients’ pharmacy needs and improving compliance with therapy protocols. The Company eliminates the need for providers to carry inventories of high-cost prescriptions by distributing the medications directly to patients’ homes.
•
Pharmaceutical Manufacturers.
   The Company collaborates with pharmaceutical manufacturers to provide a broad distribution channel for their existing pharmaceuticals and their new product launches. The Company implements patient monitoring programs that encourage compliance with the prescribed therapy. The Company also provides valuable clinical information in the form of outcomes and compliance data to manufacturers to aid in their evaluation of the efficacy of their products.
•
Health Systems.
   The Company partners with health systems across the country to provide seamless transitional care within an effective post-acute care network to manage patients across the continuum of care. The Company assists partnered health systems in monitoring key metrics that tie back to what most payers monitor in their value-based contracts.
4
Table of Contents
Quality
Quality is at the core of the Company’s mission as it strives to deliver quality healthcare, leading to favorable outcomes and more cost-effective care. The Company offers comprehensive services that align with specific healthcare provider needs and has demonstrated success in improving outcomes across a broad range of therapies through improved clinical-reported patient adherence rates and decreased rates of unplanned hospital readmissions.
The Company’s commitment to continuous quality improvement to provide optimal outcomes for its patients is evidenced by its national accreditations, including accreditations from Accreditation Commission for Health Care (“ACHC”), Pharmacy Compounding Accreditation Board (“PCAB”), American Society of Health-System Pharmacists (“ASHP”) and Utilization Review Accreditation Commission (“URAC”).
ACHC accreditation is awarded to healthcare organizations that meet regulatory requirements and accreditation standards, and PCAB accreditation offers the most comprehensive compliance solution in the industry based on more than 40 sterile compounding standards in the U.S. Pharmacopeia Pharmaceutical Compounding - Sterile Preparations Standards (“USP 797”).
5
Table of Contents
Services
The Company is the largest independent provider of home and alternate site infusion services. The Company’s services are most typically provided in the patient’s home, but may also be provided at clinics, physicians’ offices or ambulatory infusion suites. The Company provides a broad therapy portfolio through its network of 92 full-service pharmacies and 93 stand-alone ambulatory infusion suites. The Company’s home infusion services include medication and supplies for administration and use at home or within one of its ambulatory infusion suites, consultation and education regarding the patient’s condition and the prescribed medication nursing support, clinical monitoring and assistance in monitoring potential side effects, and assistance in obtaining reimbursement. The Company administers a wide variety of therapies and services, including the following:
•
Anti-Infectives Infusion.
   The Company provides comprehensive home infusion services to combat serious infections in patients of all ages. The Company’s anti-infective therapy and services help avoid hospitalizations for many infections that can be safely treated at home.
•
Nutrition Support.
   The Company delivers comprehensive nutrition support across pediatric, adult, and geriatric patients. The Company’s expert team provides home parenteral nutrition and enteral nutrition support for numerous acute and chronic conditions negatively affecting nutritional status, such as stroke, cancer, and gastrointestinal diseases.
•
Immunoglobulin Infusion.
   The Company offers expertise, access, and support in immunoglobulin (“IG”) infusion therapy designed to treat immune deficiencies. Immune deficiencies are disorders that reduce the patient’s ability to identify and destroy substances that do not belong in the human body and are characterized by reduced levels of antibodies. Intravenous IG infusions are concentrated antibodies that have been purified from large numbers of human blood donors.
•
Chronic Inflammatory Disorders.
   The Company treats chronic inflammatory disorders, which include Crohn’s disease, plaque psoriasis, psoriatic arthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, ulcerative colitis, and other chronic inflammatory disorders.
•
Neurological Disorders.
   The Company provides an array of treatments to manage the progression of neurological disorders such as Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy, Multiple Sclerosis, Alzheimer’s Disease, and other neurological disorders.
•
Bleeding Disorders Infusion.
   As a provider of home infusion therapy for hemophilia and von Willebrand disease, the Company streamlines the administrative burdens associated with infusion therapies for bleeding disorders. The Company works with medical specialists across the country to offer access to all approved factor products, a full range of therapies, and dedicated support services.
•
Naven Health.
   The Company offers a nationwide home infusion nursing network and clinical platform. Naven Health focuses on delivering highly specialized, infusion care.
•
Women’s Health.
   The Company offers therapies that women need to survive and thrive through high-risk pregnancies. Personalized programs in prematurity, nausea and vomiting hyperemesis, diabetes in pregnancy, and hypertension help meet the needs of each mother.
•
Heart Failure.
   The Company administers home infusion services to treat heart failure, either in anticipation of cardiac transplant or to provide palliation of heart failure symptoms.
•
Other.
   The Company offers a range of other infusion therapies to treat a variety of conditions, including pain management, chemotherapy and respiratory medication.
The Company also provides nursing services to support the above therapies, comprised of its nursing team of approximately 2,900 employees, and through its network of sub-contracted nursing agencies.
6
Table of Contents
Sales and Marketing
The Company’s sales and marketing efforts focus on three primary objectives: (1) building new relationships and expanding existing contracts with managed care organizations; (2) establishing, maintaining and strengthening relationships with local and regional patient referral sources; and (3) maintaining existing and developing new relationships with pharmaceutical manufacturers to gain distribution access as they release new products.
The Company’s sales structure is focused on maintaining and expanding its relationships with drug manufacturers to establish its position as a participating provider when they release new products. In addition, the Company’s sales structure allows it to leverage its national managed care relationships to provide sales and contract pull-through by the Company’s local field-based sales personnel. This cross-utilization enables the Company to market its services to numerous sources of patient referrals, including physicians, hospital discharge planners, hospital personnel, Health Maintenance Organizations (“HMOs”) and Preferred Provider Organizations (“PPOs”).
Competition
The Company competes in the large and highly fragmented home and alternative site infusion market for contracts with managed care organizations and other third-party payers to receive referrals from physicians, case managers and hospital discharge planners. Competition in the home infusion market is based on quality of care, clinical outcomes, pricing and cost of service, reputation, and reliability of service. The Company’s competitors within the home infusion market include Optum Infusion Pharmacy (a unit of the United Healthcare Insurance Company), Coram CVS/specialty infusion services (a division of CVS Health), Amerita Specialty Pharmacy (a division of BrightSpring Health), KabaFusion, Soleo Health, Vital Care and many smaller regional and local home infusion companies, ambulatory infusion centers, or specialty pharmacies including Accredo, CVS Caremark, Optum Rx, and Orsini. The Company believes that its reputation for providing quality services, the strength of its national presence and its ability to effectively market its services at national, regional and local levels places it in a strong position against existing and potential competitors.
Intellectual Property
Option Care Health and its subsidiaries own a variety of trademarks, licenses, and service marks, including but not limited to: “Option Care Health”, “Option Care”, “Critical Care Systems”, “Clinical Specialties”, “BioScrip”, “BioScrip Infusion Services”, “HomeChoice Partners”, “InfuScience”, “InfusionCare”, “Infusion Partners”, “Infusion Solutions”, “New England Home Therapies”, “Professional Home Care Services”, “Wilcox Home Infusion”, “Home Solutions”, Home Solutions Infusion Therapy”, “Naven Health”, “Naven Connect”, “Restore+ by Option Care Health”, “IG Complete+”, “Care Nav+ by Option Care Health”, “BioCure”, “DP Diabetes in Pregnancy Program”, “HP Hypertension in Pregnancy Program”, “NV Nausea and Vomiting Hyperemesis Program”, “PM Prematurity Program”, “Factor Ape”, as well as several others.
7
Table of Contents
Suppliers
The Company purchases pharmaceuticals and medical supplies directly through pharmaceutical manufacturers, authorized distributors and group purchasing organizations. As a national pharmacy provider with broad coverage and clinical expertise of its 92 full-service pharmacies, the Company provides pharmaceutical manufacturers with an extensive distribution channel for its existing and prospective pharmaceutical products. Many of the pharmaceuticals that the Company purchases are available from multiple sources and are available in sufficient quantities to meet the needs of the Company and its patients. However, some drugs are only available through sole distribution sources and/or limited distribution models from the manufacturer that may be subject to limits on distribution. In such cases, it is important that the Company establishes and maintains good working relationships with the manufacturer to secure a sufficient supply to meet its patients’ needs. Additionally, certain drugs may become subject to supply shortages. Such shortages can result in cost increases or hamper the Company’s ability to obtain sufficient quantities to meet the needs of its patients. The Company actively manages its relationships with direct manufacturers and distributors to provide differentiated access and service to ensure consistent supply and cost-effective procurement. These relationships provide the Company the opportunity to become a selected partner in the launch of their new products. The Company may also receive fees, which it records as revenue, from certain biotech manufacturers for providing them with bona fide services often focused around clinical outcomes/data. The Company’s continued growth will be dependent on maintaining its existing relationships with manufacturers and establishing new relationships with additional manufacturers as the Company launches new products.
For the year ended December 31, 2024, approximately 58% of the Company’s pharmaceutical and medical supply purchases were from three vendors. Although there are a limited number of suppliers, the Company believes that other vendors could provide similar products on comparable terms. However, a change in suppliers could cause delays in service delivery and possible losses in revenue, which could adversely affect the Company’s financial condition or operating results.
Through the purchasing power of its national platform, the Company is able to negotiate favorable terms and economics, including volume purchase rebates and vendor administration fees. Such fees are recorded as reductions to cost of revenue when the pharmaceuticals are delivered to the patient.
Billing & Significant Payers
The Company generates most of its revenue from contracts with third-party payers, including managed care organizations, insurance companies, self-insured employers, Medicare, and Medicaid programs. Where permissible, the Company bills patients for any amounts not reimbursed by third-party payers. The majority of the Company’s infusion pharmacy revenue consists of reimbursements for both the cost of the pharmaceuticals sold and the cost of services provided. Pharmaceuticals are typically reimbursed on a percentage discount from the published average wholesale price (“AWP”) of each drug or on a percentage premium to average sales price (“ASP”). Nursing services are typically billed separately, while other patient support services, such as pharmacy compounding service, delivery service and ancillary medical supplies are reimbursed either separately or on a per diem basis, as applicable.
The Company’s largest payer represented approximately 15% of its revenue for the year ended December 31, 2024. No other single payer represented more than 10% of its revenue. The Company also provides services that are directly reimbursable through government healthcare programs such as Medicare and state Medicaid programs. For the year ended December 31, 2024, approximately 12% of the Company’s revenue was reimbursable through direct governmental programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid.
Matters Affecting Drug Prices
Pricing benchmarks in the pharmacy industry are periodically published by third parties such as Red Book, Medi-Span, RJ Health, and the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (“CMS”), and the benchmark reimbursement varies by payer contract. The most commonly used benchmarks are AWP and ASP. AWP is based on self-reported prices charged by wholesalers and manufacturers and reimbursement is generally AWP minus a percentage and may include a per diem fee or a fixed dispensing fee. ASP is based on actual sales transactions reported by wholesalers and is generally lower than AWP; reimbursement is generally ASP plus a percentage. The Company may also receive a fixed dispensing fee or a per diem fee for each day a patient is on service. Changes to these pricing benchmarks may have a significant impact on the profitability of the Company’s business.
8
Table of Contents
Governmental Regulation
The home infusion industry is subject to extensive regulation by a number of federal, state and local governmental entities. The industry is also subject to frequent regulatory changes. Laws and regulations in the healthcare industry are complex and, at times, the industry does not benefit from significant regulatory or judicial interpretation that would clarify how these laws and regulations should be applied. Moreover, the Company’s business is also impacted by certain laws and regulations that are applicable to its managed care and other clients. If the Company fails to comply with the laws and regulations directly applicable to its business, the Company could suffer civil and/or criminal penalties, and the Company could be excluded from participating in Medicare, Medicaid and other federal and state healthcare programs, which would have an adverse impact on its business.
Professional Licensure
Nurses, pharmacists and certain other healthcare professionals employed by the Company are required to be individually licensed or certified under applicable state law. The Company performs criminal and other background checks on employees and takes steps to ensure that its employees possess all necessary licenses and certifications, and the Company believes that its employees comply in all material respects with applicable licensure laws.
Pharmacy Licensing and Registration
State laws require that each pharmacy location be licensed as an in-state pharmacy to dispense pharmaceuticals in that state. Certain states also require that pharmacy locations be licensed as out-of-state pharmacies if the Company delivers prescription pharmaceuticals into those states from locations outside of the state. The Company believes that it materially complies with all applicable state licensing laws. If the Company is unable to maintain its licenses or if states place burdensome regulations on non-resident pharmacies, its ability to operate in some states would be limited, which could have an adverse impact on its business. Laws enforced by the Drug Enforcement Administration (“DEA”), as well as some similar state agencies, require its pharmacy locations to individually register in order to handle controlled substances, including prescription pharmaceuticals. A separate registration is required at each principal place of business where the Company dispenses controlled substances. Federal and state laws also require that the Company follow specific labeling, reporting and record-keeping requirements for controlled substances. The Company maintains federal and state controlled substance registrations for each of its facilities that require such registration and materially follows procedures intended to comply with all applicable federal and state requirements regarding controlled substances.
Many states in which the Company operates also require home infusion companies to be licensed as home health agencies. The Company believes it is in material compliance with these laws, as applicable.
Privacy and Security Requirements
The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (“HIPAA”) as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act (“HITECH”), and its implementing regulations, regulate the use, disclosure, confidentiality, availability and integrity of individually identifiable health information, known as “protected health information,” and provide for a number of individual rights with respect to such information. The federal privacy regulations are designed to protect health-related information that could be used to identify an individual’s protected health information.
The requirements imposed by HIPAA are extensive, and the Company has taken and intends to continue to take steps to ensure its policies and procedures are in material compliance with the applicable provisions.
9
Table of Contents
Regulations
Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act. 
  Certain provisions of the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act (“FDCA”) govern the handling and distribution of pharmaceutical products. This law exempts certain pharmaceuticals and medical devices from federal labeling and packaging requirements as long as they are not adulterated or misbranded and are dispensed in accordance with and pursuant to a valid prescription. The Company believes it materially complies with all applicable requirements. The FDCA also governs interstate commerce for pharmaceutical products. The Company cannot predict the impact of any future FDCA regulations on its ability to ship drugs to different states from its pharmacies.
The Drug Quality and Security Act (“DQSA”) amended the FDCA to grant the Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”) authority to regulate the manufacturing of compounded pharmaceutical drugs. The Company materially complies with the PCAB Accreditation Standards for Sterile and Non-Sterile Pharmacy Compounding and pursues accreditation from quality associations. The Company believes it complies in all material respects with all applicable requirements of a non-outsourcing-facility pharmacy.
The FDA also regulates certain medical devices, such as infusion pumps, the Company uses to provide its services. In recent years, the FDA has increased its oversight of infusion pumps, resulting in additional requirements around patient education and adverse event reporting. The Company believes it complies in all material respects with all applicable requirements and that its employees have the level of proficiency required to use these devices and provide training to its patients.
Anti-Kickback Statute
.   The federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits individuals and entities from knowingly and willfully paying, offering, receiving, or soliciting money or anything else of value in order to induce the referral of patients or to induce a person to purchase, lease, order, arrange for, or recommend services or goods covered by Medicare, Medicaid, or other government healthcare programs. The Anti-Kickback Statute is broad and potentially covers many standard business arrangements. A number of states also have statutes and regulations that prohibit the same general types of conduct as those prohibited by the Anti-Kickback Statute described above. Violations can lead to significant criminal or civil penalties, including imprisonment. The Office of the Inspector General (“OIG”) could also seek Civil Monetary Penalties (“CMP”) or exclusion against individuals or entities who knowingly and willfully: (1) offer or pay remuneration, directly or indirectly, to induce referrals of government healthcare program business; or (2) solicit or receive remuneration, directly or indirectly, in return for referrals of government healthcare program business. The OIG of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (“HHS”) has published clarifying regulations that identify a limited number of safe harbors from criminal enforcement or civil administrative actions. The Company attempts to structure its business relationships to materially comply with these statutes and to satisfy an applicable safe harbor, where applicable. However, in situations where a business relationship does not fully satisfy the elements of a safe harbor, or where no safe harbor exists, the Company attempts to satisfy as many elements of an applicable or equivalent safe harbor as possible.
False Claims Act
.   The Company is subject to state and federal laws that govern the submission of claims for reimbursement. These laws generally prohibit an individual or entity from knowingly and willfully presenting a claim or causing a claim to be presented for payment from a federal healthcare program that is false or fraudulent. The standard for “knowing and willful” may include conduct that amounts to a reckless disregard for the accuracy of information presented to payers. Penalties under these statutes include substantial civil and criminal fines, exclusion from the Medicare or Medicaid programs and imprisonment. One of the most prominent of these laws is the federal False Claims Act, which may be enforced by the federal government directly or by a private plaintiff by filing a whistleblower lawsuit on the government’s behalf. Under the False Claims Act, the government and private plaintiffs, if any, may recover monetary penalties in the amount of $13,946 to $27,894 per false claim, as well as an amount equal to three times the amount of damages sustained by the government as a result of the false claim. A number of states, including states in which the Company operates, have adopted their own false claims statutes as well as statutes that allow individuals to bring whistleblower actions. The Company believes that it has procedures in place to ensure the material accuracy of its claims.
10
Table of Contents
Ethics in Patient Referrals Law (“Stark Law”)
The Stark Law exempts certain business relationships that meet its exception requirements. However, unlike the Anti-Kickback Statute under which an activity may fall outside a safe harbor and still be lawful, a referral for certain Designated Health Services (“DHS”) that does not fall within an exception is strictly prohibited by the Stark Law. In addition to the Stark Law, many of the states in which the Company operates have comparable restrictions on the ability of physicians to refer patients for certain services to entities with which the Company has a financial relationship. Certain of these state statutes mirror the Stark Law while others may be more restrictive. The Company attempts to structure all of its business relationships with physicians to comply with the Stark Law and any applicable state self-referral laws.
The federal Stark Law generally prohibits a physician from making referrals for certain DHS, reimbursable by Medicare or Medicaid, to entities with which the physician or an immediate family member has a financial relationship, unless an exception applies. A financial relationship is generally defined as an ownership, investment or compensation relationship. DHS includes outpatient pharmaceuticals, parenteral and enteral nutrition products, home health services, durable medical equipment, physical and occupational therapy services, and inpatient and outpatient hospital services. Among other sanctions, a CMP may be imposed for each bill or claim for a service a person knows or should know is for a service for which payment may not be made due to the Stark Law. Such persons or entities are also subject to exclusion from the Medicare and Medicaid programs. Any person or entity participating in a circumvention scheme to avoid the referral prohibitions is liable for CMPs, and additional fines may be imposed for failure to comply with reporting requirements regarding an entity’s ownership, investment and compensation arrangements for each day for which reporting is required to have been made under the Stark Law.
Human Capital Resources
The Company’s mission is to transform healthcare by providing innovative services that improve outcomes, reduce costs and deliver hope for patients and their families. The values we embody support each of our team members as they deliver life-changing, extraordinary care.
As of December 31, 2024, the Company employed 6,015 persons on a full-time basis and 2,073 persons on a part-time basis. The majority of its part-time employees are clinicians due to the nature and timing of the services the Company provides.
Attracting and retaining a highly skilled and diverse team to deliver extraordinary care is a top priority. The Company’s strategy includes four distinct areas to empower our people so that they remain focused on providing extraordinary care that changes lives:
•
Talent Development.
   The Company strives to empower our team members by giving them the tools and resources to strengthen and expand their knowledge and skills and advance their careers through training, leadership development programs, continuing functional education and other professional development opportunities. The Company also focuses on performance management, 360 degree feedback, and succession planning through calibration assessments on each team leader’s potential, performance and readiness for advancement.
•
Employee Engagement.
   The Company believes that highly engaged team members deliver a better patient experience. The foundation of our engagement strategy is a culture that connects our team members to our mission and values while promoting a sense of community, while also aligning behind business priorities. Our approach to employee engagement is to cultivate our culture and build relationships across geographically distributed team members. The Company promotes employee engagement with engagement surveys, an internal social media platform, quarterly and annual peer recognition programs, and company newsletters.
•
Health and Well-being.
   The Company provides a holistic range of resources and programs to our team members to address each person’s unique needs, including physical, mental and financial health and well-being with programs to support healthy lifestyles, specialized programs to help manage chronic conditions, behavioral health education, coaching, and counseling, and financial wellness resources.
•
Inclusion and Belonging.
   The Company believes that a workforce with a variety of backgrounds, experiences, and viewpoints makes us stronger, more innovative and better able to serve our patients. The Company strives to foster an inclusive workplace where team members feel valued, respected, and empowered to contribute their unique perspectives.  We assess the effectiveness of our inclusion efforts through qualitative and quantitative insights, ensuring that our workplace supports the development and success of all team members.
11
Table of Contents
The Company relies on its ability to attract and retain nursing staff, pharmacists and other professionals who possess the skills, experience and licenses necessary to meet the requirements of their job responsibilities. The Company’s ability to attract and retain personnel depends on several factors, including the ability to provide them with engaging assignments and competitive salaries and benefits. The Company is committed to fostering a workplace where team members feel valued and supported through initiatives focused on professional development, employee engagement, and overall well-being.
Available Information
The Company’s corporate headquarters is located at 3000 Lakeside Drive, Suite 300N, Bannockburn, IL 60015. The Company maintains a website at www.optioncarehealth.com. The information contained on its website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report and should not be considered part of this Annual Report. The Company’s Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and Proxy Statements are available through its website at https://investors.optioncarehealth.com, free of charge, as soon as reasonably practicable after they are filed with or furnished to the SEC.
The SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov.
12
Table of Contents