ITEM 1. BUSINESS
. 
Overview 
The Bancorp, Inc. (the “Company,” “we,” “us,” “our” or “the holding company”) 
is a Delaware financial holding company and our primary, wholly-owned subsidiary is 
The Bancorp Bank
, National Association (the “Bank”). The vast majority of our revenue and income is generated through the Bank. As described more fully below, our business strategy is focused on fintech activities including payments and related deposits and credit sponsorship. We expect our fintech business to generate non-interest income and attract stable, lower cost deposits which we then seek to deploy into lower risk assets in specialized markets through our specialty lending activities.
Our national specialty lending segment includes institutional banking, commercial real estate bridge lending, small business lending and commercial fleet leasing. Our Institutional Banking business line offers securities-backed lines of credit (“SBLOCs”) and 
insurance policy cash value-backed lines of credit (“IBLOCs”) 
through affinity groups such as investment advisors. SBLOCs and IBLOCs are collateralized by marketable securities and the cash value of insurance policies, respectively, and are typically offered in conjunction with brokerage accounts. Our Institutional Banking business line also offers financing to investment advisors, made 
for purposes of debt refinance, acquisition of another firm or internal succession.
 Additionally, we offer commercial real estate bridge loans (sometimes referred to herein as “REBLs” or “real estate bridge loans”), the majority of which are collateralized by apartment buildings. We also offer small business loans (“SBLs”) which are comprised primarily of Small Business Administration (“SBA”) loans and vehicle fleet leasing and, to a lesser extent, other equipment leasing (“direct lease financing”) to small- and medium-sized businesses. Vehicle fleet and equipment leases consist of commercial vehicles including trucks and special purpose vehicles and equipment. 
In 2024, we began making consumer fintech loans which consist of short-term extensions of credit including secured credit card loans, fixed term loans, payroll advances and others, made in conjunction with marketers and servicers. 
At December 31, 2024, loan types and amounts were: 

SBLOC and IBLOC
 –$1.56 billion, or approximately 25% of total loans and commercial loans, at fair value; 

Investor advisor financing
 –$273.9 million, or approximately 4% of total loans and commercial loans, at fair value; 

Direct lease financing
 –$700.6 million, or approximately 11% of total loans and commercial loans, at fair value; 

Commercial real estate bridge loans, at fair value (excluding SBA, at fair value)
 –$133.2 million, or approximately 2% of total loans and commercial loans, at fair value; 

REBL
 –$2.11 billion, or approximately 33% of total loans and commercial loans, at fair value;  

SBL

(including SBA, at fair value) 
–$987.0 million (including SBA held at fair value), or approximately 16% of total loans and commercial loans, at fair value; and

Consumer fintech loans
–$454.4 million, or approximately 7% of total loans and commercial loans, at fair value.
Commercial real estate loans, at fair value consist of REBL loans originated for securitization but which we now 
intend to hold
 on our balance sheet. Our investment portfolio amounted to $1.50 billion at December 31, 2024, representing an increase from the prior year. 
See Item 7
,“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
” for additional information. 
The majority of our deposits and non-interest income are generated in our fintech segment, which consists of consumer transaction accounts accessed by Bank-issued prepaid or debit cards and payment companies that process their clients’ corporate and consumer payments, automated clearing house (“ACH”) accounts, the collection of card payments on behalf of merchants and other payments through our Bank. 
In 2024, we began making consumer fintech loans which consist of short-term extensions of credit including secured credit card loans, fixed term loans, payroll advances and others, made in conjunction with marketers and servicers. 
 The card-accessed deposit accounts are comprised of debit and prepaid card accounts that are generated by companies that market directly to end users. Our card-accessed deposit account types are diverse and include: consumer and business debit, general purpose reloadable prepaid, pre-tax medical spending benefit, payroll, gift, government, corporate incentive, reward, business payment accounts and others. Our ACH accounts facilitate bill payments and our acquiring accounts provide clearing and settlement services for payments made to merchants which must be settled through associations such as Visa or Mastercard. Consumer 

3

transaction account banking services are provided to organizations with a pre-existing customer base tailored to support or complement the services provided by these organizations to their customers, which we refer to as “affinity or private label banking.” These services include loan and deposit accounts for investment advisory companies through our Institutional Banking department. We typically provide these services under the name and through the facilities of each organization with whom we develop a relationship.

In 2024, we began offering loans through credit sponsorship with third parties, in our fintech segment.
Our Strategies  
Our principal strategies are to:

Fund our Loan and Investment Portfolio Growth with Stable Deposits and Generate Non-Interest Income from Prepaid and Debit Card Accounts and Other Payment Processing. 
Our principal focus is to grow our specialty lending operations and investment portfolio, and fund these loans and investments through a variety of sources that provide stable deposits, which are lower cost compared to certain other types of funding. Funding sources include prepaid and debit card accounts and balances generated through servicing companies providing various types of payment processing. We derive the largest component of our deposits and non-interest income from our prepaid, debit card and other payment related operations.    

Develop Relationships with Affinity Groups to Gain Sponsored Access to their Membership, Client or Customer Bases to Market our Services through Private Label Banking.
 We seek to continue to develop relationships with organizations with established membership, client or customer bases. Through these affinity group relationships, we gain access to an organization’s members, clients and customers under the organization’s sponsorship. We believe that by marketing targeted products and services to these constituencies through their pre-existing relationships with the organizations, we will continue to generate stable and lower cost deposits compared to certain other funding sources, generate fee income and, with respect to private label banking, lower our customer acquisition costs and build close customer relationships. In 2024, we began offering loans through credit sponsorship with third parties, in our fintech segment.
Offer Products Through Private Label Banking. 
Through our private label banking strategy, we provide our affinity group partners with banking services that have been customized to the needs of their respective customers. This allows these affinity groups to provide their members the affinity-branded banking services they desire. Affinity group websites identify the Bank as the provider of these banking services. We and the affinity group also may create products and services, or modify products and services already on our menu, that specifically relate to the needs and interests of the affinity group itself, or the affinity group’s members or customers. Our private label banking services have been developed to include both deposit and lending-related products and services.
We pay fees to certain affinity groups based upon deposits and loans they generate. These fees vary, and certain fees increase as market interest rates increase, while other fee rates may be fixed. Such fees comprise the majority of the interest expense on deposits in our consolidated statement of operations.
Service Companies which Provide Payment Services to Businesses and Individuals
. We process payments through the banking system for payment companies which aggregate their clients’ payments using our infrastructure to transmit funds to the destination financial institutions of payees.
Use Our Existing Infrastructure as a Platform for Growth. 
We have made significant investments in our banking infrastructure to support our growth. We believe that this infrastructure can accommodate significant additional growth without proportionate increases in expense. We believe that this infrastructure enables us to maximize efficiencies through economies of scale as we grow without adversely affecting our relationships with our customers.

Specialty Finance: Lending

Activities

Lending activities within our specialty lending segment include SBLOC, IBLOC and investment advisor loans, direct lease financing, SBLs and consumer fintech loans. 

SBLOC, IBLOC and Investment Advisor Financing
. We make SBLOC loans to individuals, trusts and entities which are secured by a pledge of marketable securities maintained in one or more accounts with respect to which we obtain a securities account control agreement. The securities pledged may be either debt or equity securities or a combination thereof, but all such securities must be listed for trading on a national securities exchange or automated inter-dealer quotation system. SBLOCs are typically payable on 

4

demand. Most of our SBLOCs are drawn to meet a specific need of the borrower (such as for bridge financing of real estate) and are typically drawn for 12 to 18 months at a time. Maximum SBLOC line amounts are calculated by applying a standard “advance rate” calculation against the eligible security type depending on asset class: typically up to 50% for equity securities and mutual fund securities and 80% for investment grade (Standard & Poor’s rating of BBB- or higher, or Moody’s rating of Baa3 or higher) municipal or corporate debt securities. Borrowers generally must have a credit score of 660 or higher, although we may allow exceptions based upon a review of the borrower’s income, assets and other credit information. Substantially all SBLOCs have full recourse to the borrower. The underlying securities that act as collateral for our SBLOC commitments are monitored on a daily basis to confirm the composition of the client portfolio and its daily market value. Although these accounts are closely monitored, severely falling markets or sudden drops in price with respect to individual pledged securities could result in the loan being under-collateralized and consequently in default and, upon sale of the collateral, could result in losses to the Bank. See Item 1A, “
Risk Factors—
The Bank may suffer losses in its loan portfolio despite its underwriting practices.”

We also make loans which are collateralized by the cash surrender value of eligible life insurance policies, or IBLOCs. Should a loan default, th
e primary risks for IBLOCs are if the insurance company issuing the policy were to become insolvent, or if that company would fail to recognize the Bank’s assignment of policy proceeds. To mitigate these risks, insurance company ratings are periodically evaluated for compliance with our standards. Additionally, the Bank utilizes assignments of cash surrender value. 

The Bank 
also originates loans to investment advisors for purposes of debt refinance, acquisition of another firm or internal succession. Maximum loan amounts are limited to 70% of the estimated business enterprise value, based on a third-party valuation, but may be increased depending upon the debt service coverage ratio. Personal guarantees and blanket business liens are obtained as appropriate
. 

SBLOC and IBLOC loans are demand loans and generally reprice monthly, as the prime rate changes. Investment advisor loans generally have seven year terms with fixed rates. 

Leases
. 
We provide lease financing for commercial and government vehicle fleets, including trucks and other special purpose vehicles and, to a lesser extent, provide lease financing for other equipment. Our leases are either open-end or closed-end. An open-end lease is one in which, at the end of the lease term, the lessee must pay us the difference between the amount at which we sell the leased asset and the stated termination value. Termination value is a contractual value agreed to by the parties at the inception of a lease as to the value of the leased asset at the end of the lease term. A closed-end lease is one for which no such payment is due on lease termination. In a closed-end lease, the risk that the amount received on a sale of the leased asset will be less than the residual value is assumed by us, as lessor. We use a credit matrix which outlines the required financial information needed to evaluate credits over $150,000. For amounts less than $150,000 that meet a set criteria, we support our decisioning process by utilizing a scoring model. Terms for leases are generally 36 to 60 months. 

SBLs
. SBLs, or small business loans, consist primarily of SBA loans. We participate as an SBA Preferred Lender in two ongoing loan programs established by the SBA: the 7(a) Loan Guarantee Program (the “7(a) Program”) and the 504 Fixed Asset Financing Program (the “504 Program”). The 7(a) Program is designed to help small business borrowers start or expand their businesses by providing partial guarantees of loans made by banks and non-bank lending institutions for specific business purposes, including long- or short-term working capital; funds for the purchase of equipment, machinery, supplies and materials; funds for the purchase, construction or renovation of real estate; and funds to acquire, operate or expand an existing business or refinance existing debt, all under conditions established by the SBA. The terms of the loans must come within parameters set by the SBA, including borrower eligibility, loan maturity, and maximum loan amount. 
While 
7(a) Program
 loans have historically had five to seven year average lives, they initially reprice between 90 days to 60 months, at which point rates are variable and adjust on a quarterly basis based on prime rate changes. 
7(a) Program
 loan amounts are not limited to a percentage of estimated collateral value and are instead based on the business’s ability to repay the loan from its cash flow. 
7(a) Program loans must be secured by all available business assets and personal real estate until the recovery value equals the loan amount or until all personal real estate of the borrower has been pledged. Personal guarantees are required from all owners of 20% or more of the equity of the business, although lenders may also require personal guarantees of owners of less than 20%. Loan guarantees can range up to 85% of loan principal for loans of up to $150,000 and 75% for loans in excess of that amount.

The SBA loan guaranty is typically paid to the lender after the liquidation of all collateral, but may be paid prior to liquidation of certain assets, mitigating the losses due to collateral deficiencies up to the percentage of the guarantee. To maintain the guarantee, we must comply with applicable SBA regulations, and we risk loss of the guarantee should we fail to comply. For further discussion of compliance risk and other risks associated with our SBA loans, see Item 1A, “
Risk Factors—
 The success of our SBA 

5

lending program is dependent upon the continued availability of SBA loan programs, our status as a preferred lender under the SBA loan programs, our ability to comply with applicable SBA lending requirements and our ability to successfully manage related risks.”

The 504 Program is designed to provide small businesses with financing for the purchase of fixed assets, including real estate and buildings; the purchase of improvements to real estate; the construction of new facilities or modernizing, renovating or converting existing facilities; the purchase of long-term machinery and equipment; 
and debt refinancing
. A 504 Program loan may not be used for working capital, trading asset purchases or investment in rental real estate. In a 504 Program financing, the borrower must supply 10% of the financing amount, we provide 50% of the financing amount and a Certified Development Company (“CDC”) provides 40% of the financing amount. If the borrower has less than two years of operating history or if the assets being financed are considered “special purpose,” the funding percentages are 15%, 50% and 35%, respectively. If both conditions are met, the funding percentages are 20%, 50% and 30%, respectively. We receive a first lien on the assets being financed and the CDC receives a second lien. Personal guarantees of the principal owners of the business are required. The funds for the CDC loans are raised through a monthly auction of bonds that are guaranteed by the U.S. government and, accordingly, if the government guarantees are curtailed or terminated, our ability to make 504 Program loans would be curtailed or terminated. Certain basic loan terms, as with the 7(a) Program, are established by the SBA, including borrower eligibility, maximum loan amount, maximum maturity date, interest rates and loan fees. While real estate is appraised and values are established for other collateral, and the loan amount is limited to a percentage of cost of the assets being acquired by the borrower, such amounts may not be realized upon resale if the borrower defaults and the Bank forecloses on the collateral. 504 Program loans generally have rates which are variable after an initial five year period, at which point rates adjust every 90 days or 60 months based on prime rate changes. 

SBA 7(a) Program and 504 Program loans may include construction advances which are subject to risk inherent to construction projects, including environmental risks, engineering defects, contractor risk and risk of project completion. Delays in construction may also compromise the owner’s business plan and result in additional stresses on cash flow required to service the loan. Higher than expected construction costs may also result, impacting repayment capability and collateral values.  

Additionally, we make SBA loans to franchisees of various business concepts, including loans to multiple franchisees with the same concept. In making loans to franchisees, we consider franchisee failure rates for the specific franchise concept. However, factors adversely affecting a specific type of franchisor or franchise concept, including in particular risks that a franchise concept loses popularity with consumers or encounters negative publicity about its products or services, could harm the value not only of a particular franchisee’s business but also of multiple loans to other franchisees with the same concept.

Non-SBA Commercial Loans, at Fair Value and Real Estate Bridge Lending. 
Prior to 2020, we originated commercial real estate loans for sale into securitizations. In 2020, we decided to retain the loans which had not been sold on our balance sheet and continue to account for such loans at fair value. These loans are collateralized by various types of commercial real estate, primarily multifamily (apartment buildings) but also include legacy amounts of retail, hotel and office real estate, and do not have recourse to the borrower (except for carve-outs such as fraud) and, accordingly, generally depend on cash reserves and cash generated by the underlying properties for repayment. In the third quarter of 2021, we resumed the origination of apartment loans, which we also plan to retain and which 
are transitional commercial mortgage loans to improve and rehabilitate existing properties that already have cash flow
. While these loans generally have three year terms, the vast majority are variable rate, with monthly rate adjustments and, as a result, higher market rates will result in higher payments and greater cash flow requirements, although such loans generally require an interest rate cap to mitigate that risk. Should cash flow and available cash reserves prove inadequate to cover debt service on these loans, repayment will primarily depend upon the sponsor’s ability to service the debt, or the value of the property in disposition. Low occupancy or rental rates may negatively impact loan repayment. Because these loans were previously originated for sale, or because we may decide to sell certain REBL loans in the future, the underwriting and other criteria used were those which buyers in the capital markets indicated were most crucial when determining whether to buy the loans. Such criteria include the loan-to-value ratio and debt yield (net operating income divided by first mortgage debt). However, property values may fall below appraised values and below the outstanding balance of the loan, which would reduce the price at which we could sell the loan
.

Consumer fintech loans. 
In 2024, the Company began making consumer fintech loans in conjunction with marketers and servicers. These loans consist of short-term extensions of credit including secured credit card loans, fixed term loans, payroll advances and others. While credit cards are secured by deposit balances, the other extensions of credit in the consumer fintech lending programs are not. While
 the sale of such loans and other mitigations are utilized to manage risk
, these loans are at risk of complete loss if not repaid. 

6

Deposit Products and Services

We offer a range of deposit products and services deployed through our Fintech Solutions and Institutional Banking business lines for the benefit of our affinity group clients and their customer bases. These products may be offered directly, or through our private label banking strategy. These include: 


checking accounts;

savings accounts; 

money market accounts; 

commercial accounts; and 

various types of prepaid and debit cards. 
We also offer ACH bill payment and other payment services. 

Payments Products and Services Offered Through Our Fintech Solutions Group

We provide a variety of checking and savings accounts and other banking services to fintech companies and other affinity groups, which may vary and which include fraud detection, anti-money laundering, consumer compliance and other regulatory functions, reconciliation, sponsorship in Visa or Mastercard associations, ACH processing, rapid funds transfer and other payment capabilities.

Card Issuing Services
. We issue debit and prepaid cards to access diverse types of deposit accounts including: consumer and business debit, general purpose reloadable prepaid, pre-tax medical spending benefit, payroll, gift, government, corporate incentive, reward, business payment accounts and others. Our accounts are offered to end users throughout the United States through our relationships with fintech companies, benefits administrators, third-party administrators, insurers, corporate incentive companies, rebate fulfillment organizations, payroll administrators, large retail chains, consumer service organizations and others. Our cards are network-branded through our agreements with Visa, Mastercard, and Discover. 
The majority of fees that we earn result from contractual fees paid by third-party sponsors, computed on a per transaction basis, and monthly service fees. Additionally, we earn interchange fees paid through settlement associations such as Visa, which are also determined on a per transaction basis. These accounts have demonstrated a history of stability and lower cost compared to certain other types of funding.

Card Payment, Bill Payment and ACH Processing
. We act as the depository institution for the processing of credit and debit card payments made to various businesses, which require collection through associations such as Visa and Mastercard. We also act as the bank sponsor and depository institution for independent service organizations that process such payments and for other companies, such as bill payment companies for which we process ACH payments enabling those organizations to more easily process electronic payments and to better manage their risk of loss. These accounts are a source of demand deposits and fee income. 

Institutional Banking
We have developed strategic relationships with affinity-based clients such as limited-purpose trust companies, registered investment advisors, broker-dealers and other firms offering institutional banking services. In addition to the SBLOC, IBLOC and investment advisor loans discussed above, our Institutional Banking business also provides customized, private label deposit products such as demand and money market accounts to customers of these affinity-based clients. 
Other Operations 

Account Services
. Depending upon the product, account holders may access our products through the website or app of their affinity group, or through our website. This access may allow account holders to apply for loans, review account activity, pay bills electronically, receive statements electronically and print statements.

7

Third-Party Service Providers
. 
To reduce operating costs and capitalize on the technical capabilities of selected vendors, we outsource certain bank operations and systems to third-party service providers, principally the following: 

data processing services, check imaging, loan processing, electronic bill payment and statement rendering;

servicing of prepaid and debit card accounts;

call center customer support, including institutional banking for overflow and after-hours support;

access to automated teller machine (“ATM”) networks;

bank accounting and general ledger system; 

data warehousing services; and

certain software development.
Because we outsource these operational functions to experienced third-party service providers with the capacity to process a high volume of transactions, we believe we can more readily and cost-effectively respond to growth than if we sought to develop these capabilities internally. Should any of our current relationships terminate, we believe we could maintain business continuity by securing the required services from an alternative source without material interruption of our operations.
Sales and Marketing 
Affinity Group Banking Relationships
. Our sales and marketing efforts to existing and potential affinity group organizations and fintech companies are national in scope. We use a personal sales/targeted media advertising approach to market to these clients and business partners. Under our direction, the affinity group organizations with which we have relationships perform additional sales and marketing functions to the ultimate individual customers. Our marketing program to affinity group organizations consists of: 

print and digital advertising;

attending
 and creating presentations at trade shows and other events for targeted affinity organizations; and 

direct 
contact
 with potential affinity organizations by our marketing staff, with relationship managers focusing on particular regional markets.

Technology and Cybersecurity

Primary System Architecture. 
We provide financial products and services through a secure, tiered architecture using commercially available software and with third-party providers whom we believe to be industry leaders. We maintain a platform of web technologies, databases, firewalls, and licensed and proprietary financial services software to support our unique client base. User activity is distributed across our service offerings, with internally developed software and cloud services, as well as third-party platforms and processors. The goal of our systems design is to service our client requirements efficiently, which has been accomplished using data and service replication between data centers and cloud platforms for our critical applications. The system’s flexible architecture is designed to meet current capacity needs and allow expansion for future demands. In addition to built-in redundancies, we monitor our systems using automated internal tools as well as third parties for Security and Network Operations Center Services and to validate our controls.

Cybersecurity. 
We have an established Cybersecurity Program that is 
mapped to the 
National Institute of Standards and Technology (“
NIST”) Cybersecurity Framework, the Center for Internet Security
® 
(“CIS”) Critical Security Controls,
 and relevant 
International Organization for Standardization (“ISO”) 
standards. We also obtain annual Payment Card Industry (“PCI”) certification. Highlights of the program
 include:


A security testing schedule, which includes internal/external penetration testing;

Regular vulnerability assessments; 

Detailed vulnerability management;

Monitoring and reporting of systems and critical applications;

8


Data loss prevention controls;

File access and integrity monitoring and reporting;

Threat intelligence; 

A training and compliance program for staff, including a detailed policy; and

Third-party vendor management.

Intellectual Property and Other Proprietary Rights 
We use third-party providers for a significant portion of our core and internet banking systems and operations. Where applicable, we rely principally upon trade secret and trademark law to protect our intellectual property. We do not typically enter into intellectual property-related confidentiality agreements with our affinity group customers, because we maintain control over the software used for banking functions rather than licensing them for customers to use. Moreover, we believe that factors such as the relationships we develop with our affinity group and banking customers, the quality of our banking products, the level and reliability 
of the service we provide, and the customization of our products and services to meet the needs of our affinity groups are substantially more significant to our ability to succeed. 
Competition 
We compete with numerous banks and other financial institutions such as finance companies, leasing companies, credit unions, insurance companies, money market funds, investment firms and private lenders, as well as online lenders and other non-traditional competitors. Our primary competitors in each of our business lines differ significantly from those in our other business lines principally because few financial institutions compete against us in all business segments in which we operate. For prepaid and debit card accounts, our largest source of funding and fee income, competitors include Pathward Financial and 
for SBLOC competitors include TriState Capital
. For SBA loans, our competitors include Live Oak Bank, and for leasing our competitors include Enterprise. 
For REBL loans, competitors include
 companies such as Bridge Investment Group. Significant costs of entry include consumer protection compliance, and Bank Secrecy Act (“BSA”) and other regulatory compliance costs, which may impact competition for prepaid and debit card accounts
. 
We believe that our ability to compete successfully depends on a number of factors, including: 

our ability to expand our affinity group banking program;

competitors’ interest rates and service fees;

the scope of our products and services;

the relevance of our products and services to customer needs and the rate at which we and our competitors introduce them;

satisfaction of our customers with our customer service;

our perceived safety as a depository institution, including our size, credit rating, capital strength, earnings strength and regulatory posture;

ease of use of our banking websites and other customer interfaces; and

the capacity, reliability and security of our network infrastructure.

The risks associated with our competitors are more fully discussed in
 Item 1A, “Risk Factors.”

Human Capital Management 
We believe that human capital management is an essential component of our continued growth and success. Key human capital resources and management strategies are described below.  

9

Employees.
 As of December 31, 2024, we had 771 full-time employees and believe our relationship with our employees to be good. None of our employees are covered by a collective bargaining agreement. Our workforce as of that date included approximately 50% women and 23% racial and ethnic minorities.  
Oversight
. 
The Company’s 
Chief Human Resources Officer reports directly to the President and Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) and oversees most aspects of the employee experience, including talent acquisition, learning and development, talent management
, inclusion, employee relations, payroll, compensation 
and benefits.

Talent Acquisition and Development. 
W
e aim to attract, develop and retain high-performing talent with a range of backgrounds and experiences who can further the Company’s strategic business objectives. To that end, we offer market-competitive compensation and s
trive to accelerate employees’ professional development through performance management and fostering a learning culture. Our
 employees work together with their managers to set business and professional development goals, supported by a variety of resources and tools developed to help employees enhance their leadership skills. 

Total Rewards and Employee Well-Being. 
The Company is 
committed to providing competitive benefit programs designed with the everyday needs of our employees and their families in mind.
 Full-time employees are eligible for healthcare coverage, life and disability coverage, retirement benefits, paid and unpaid leave, employee assistance programs, and tuition reimbursement. 
These programs offer resources that promote employee well-being in various aspects, including mental, physical, and financial wellness. 

Inclusive Work Environment
. We strive to maintain an inclusive work culture in which individual differences and experiences are valued and all employees have the opportunity to contribute and thrive. We believe that leveraging our employees’ diverse perspectives and capabilities will enhance innovation, foster 
a collaborative work culture and enable us to better serve our customers and communities. The Company implements strategies and initiatives that promote these values at all levels of the Company, such as training, employee resource groups (“ERGs”), and community service activities
.

Employee Engagement.
 The Company strives to foster and maintain a workplace that offers a positive, inclusive culture for all employees and uses annual employee engagement surveys to gather employee feedback. These survey results are considered in the planning and implementation of employee programs, initiatives, and communications.

Regulation and Supervision
Overview

The Bancorp, Inc. is a Delaware corporation and a financial holding company registered with the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (“Federal Reserve”). The Company maintains its headquarters in Wilmington, Delaware. The Company’s subsidiary, The Bancorp Bank, National Association, 
is a federally chartered and federally insured commercial bank supervised and examined by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (“OCC”) as its primary regulator, and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (“FDIC”), the federal agency that administers the Deposit Insurance Fund (“DIF”). 
On September 15, 2022, the Bank converted from a state-chartered bank regulated by the FDIC and the Delaware Office of the State Bank Commissioner to a federally chartered bank regulated by the OCC. On February 1, 2023, the Bank relocated its main office from Wilmington, Delaware to Sioux Falls, South Dakota.   
Both the Company and the Bank are subject to extensive regulation in connection with their respective activities and operations. The regulatory framework by which both the Company and Bank are supervised and examined is complex and dynamic and is designed to protect customers of and depositors in insured depository institutions, the DIF, and the U.S. banking system. This framework includes acts of the U.S. Congress (“Congress”), regulations, policy statements and guidance, and other interpretative materials that define the obligations and requirements for entities participating in the U.S. banking system. Moreover, regulation of holding companies and their subsidiaries is subject to continual revision, both through statutory changes and corresponding regulatory revisions as well as through evolving supervisory objectives of applicable banking agencies that supervise the Company and the Bank.  
The requirements and restrictions under federal and state laws to which the Bank is subject include requirements to maintain reserves against deposits, restrictions on the types and amounts of loans that may be made and the interest that may be charged, and limitations on the types of investments that may be made and the types of services that may be offered. Various consumer laws and regulations also affect the Bank’s operations. Any change in the regulatory requirements and policies by the OCC, the Federal 

10

Reserve, other federal regulatory agencies, Congress, or the states in which we operate, or where our customers reside, could have a material adverse impact on the Company, the Bank, and our operations.  
In addition to regulation and supervision by the Federal Reserve Bank (“FRB”), the Company is a reporting company under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (“Exchange Act”), and is required to file reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) and otherwise comply with federal securities laws. 
 Set forth below is a summary of certain regulatory requirements applicable to the Company and the Bank. Descriptions of statutes and regulations in this summary are not intended to be complete explanations of such statutes and regulations, or their effects on the Bank or the Company, and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the actual statutes and regulations. While we continue to have a compliance framework in place to comply with both existing and proposed rules and regulations, it is possible that the existing regulatory framework may be amended, which amendments could have a positive or negative impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
Federal Regulation 
As a financial holding company, the Company is subject to regular examination by the Federal Reserve and must file quarterly reports and provide any additional information the Federal Reserve may request. Under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the “BHCA”), a financial holding company may not directly or indirectly acquire ownership or control of more than 5% of the voting shares or substantially all of the assets of any bank, or merge or consolidate with another financial holding company, without prior approval of the Federal Reserve.

Permitted Activities.
 The BHCA generally limits the activities of a financial holding company and its subsidiaries to that of banking, managing or controlling banks, or any other activity that is determined to be so closely related to banking or to managing or controlling banks that an exception is allowed for those activities.
Change in Control.
 Additionally, under the Change in Bank Control Act and the BHCA, a person or company that acquires control of a bank holding company or bank must obtain the non-objection or approval of the Federal Reserve in advance of the acquisition. For a publicly-traded bank holding company such as The Bancorp, Inc., control for purposes of the Change in Bank Control Act is presumed to exist if the acquirer will have 10% or more of any class of the company’s voting securities.

Limitations on Company Dividends.

It is the policy of the Federal Reserve that financial holding companies should pay cash dividends on common stock only out of income available over the past year and only if prospective earnings retention is consistent with the organization’s expected future needs and financial condition. The policy provides that financial holding companies should not maintain a level of cash dividends that undermines the financial holding company’s ability to serve as a source of strength to its banking subsidiaries. See “
Holding Company Liability
” below. Federal Reserve policies also affect the ability of a financial holding company to pay in-kind dividends.

Limitations on Bank Dividends.
 Various federal provisions limit the amount of dividends that subsidiary banks can pay to their holding companies without regulatory approval. Without the prior approval of the OCC, a dividend may not be paid if the total of all dividends declared by a bank in any calendar year is in excess of the current year’s net income combined with the retained net income of the two preceding years. Additionally, a dividend may not be paid in excess of a bank’s retained earnings. Moreover, an insured depository institution may not pay a dividend if the payment would cause it to be less than “adequately capitalized” under the prompt corrective action framework or if the institution is in default in the payment of an assessment due to the FDIC. Similarly, under other regulatory capital rules, a banking organization that fails to satisfy the minimum capital conservation buffer requirement will be subject to certain limitations, which include restrictions on capital distributions. Additionally, regulators are authorized to prohibit a banking subsidiary or financial holding company from engaging in unsafe or unsound banking practices. Depending upon the circumstances, agencies could take the position that paying a dividend would constitute an unsafe or unsound banking practice.

Because the Company is a legal entity separate and distinct from the Bank, its rights to participate in the distribution of assets of the Bank, or any other subsidiary, upon the Bank’s or the subsidiary’s liquidation or reorganization will be subject to the prior claims of the Bank’s or subsidiary’s creditors. In the event of liquidation or other resolution of an insured depository institution, the claims of depositors and other general or subordinated creditors have priority of payment over the claims of holders of any obligation of the institution’s holding company or any of the holding company’s shareholders or creditors.

11

Holding Company Liability.
 Under Federal Reserve policy as codified by the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (“Dodd-Frank”), a financial holding company is expected to act as a source of financial strength to each of its banking subsidiaries. Under this requirement, the Company is expected to commit resources to support the Bank, including at times when it may not be in a financial position to provide such resources. As discussed below under “
Prompt Corrective Action
” a financial holding company in certain circumstances could be required to guarantee the capital plan of an undercapitalized banking subsidiary.

Capital Adequacy.
 The Federal Reserve and OCC have issued standards for measuring capital adequacy for financial holding companies and banks that are designed to provide risk-based capital guidelines and to incorporate a consistent framework. The risk-based guidelines are used by the agencies in their examination and supervisory process, as well as in the analysis of any bank regulatory applications. As discussed below under “
Prompt Corrective Action
” a failure to meet minimum capital requirements could subject the Company or the Bank to a variety of enforcement remedies available to federal regulatory authorities, including, in the most severe cases, termination of deposit insurance by the FDIC and placing the Bank into conservatorship or receivership. 

In general, these risk-related standards require banks and financial holding companies to maintain capital based on “risk-adjusted” assets so that the categories of assets with potentially higher credit risks will require more capital backing than categories with lower credit risk. In addition, banks and financial holding companies are required to maintain capital to support off-balance sheet activities such as loan commitments.

The risk-related standards classify capital into two tiers, referred to as Tier 1 and Tier 2. Together, these two categories of capital comprise a bank’s or financial holding company’s “qualifying total capital.” However, capital that qualifies as Tier 2 capital is limited in amount to 100% of Tier 1 capital in testing compliance with the total risk-based capital minimum standards. Banks and financial holding companies must have a minimum ratio of 8% of qualifying total capital to total risk-weighted assets, and a minimum ratio of 4% of qualifying Tier 1 capital to total risk-weighted assets. At December 31, 2024, the Company and the Bank had total capital to risk-adjusted assets ratios of 14.46% and 15.87%, respectively, and Tier 1 capital to risk-adjusted assets ratios of 13.88% and 15.29%, respectively.

In addition, the Federal Reserve and the OCC have established minimum leverage ratio guidelines to supplement the risk-based capital guidelines. The principal objective of these guidelines is to constrain the maximum degree to which a financial institution can leverage its equity capital base. These guidelines provide for a minimum ratio of Tier 1 capital to adjusted average total assets of 3% for financial holding companies that meet certain specified criteria, including those having the highest regulatory rating. Other financial institutions generally must maintain a leverage ratio of at least 3% plus 100 to 200 basis points. However, banks under $10 billion in assets typically maintain a Tier 1 capital to adjusted average total assets ratio exceeding 8%. 
Currently, the Bank’s internal guidelines suggest a ratio of 9%. 
The regulatory guidelines also provide that financial institutions experiencing internal growth or making acquisitions will be expected to maintain strong capital positions substantially above minimum supervisory levels, without significant reliance on intangible assets. Furthermore, the banking agencies have indicated that they may consider other indicia of capital strength in evaluating proposals for expansion or new activities. At December 31, 2024, the Company and the Bank had leverage ratios of 9.41% and 10.38%, respectively.

The federal banking agencies’ standards provide that concentration of credit risk and certain risks arising from non-traditional activities, as well as an institution’s ability to manage these risks, are important factors when assessing a financial institution’s overall capital adequacy. The risk-based capital standards also provide for the consideration of interest rate risk in the determination of a financial institution’s capital adequacy, which requires financial institutions to effectively measure and monitor their interest rate risk and to maintain capital adequate for that risk.

Dodd-Frank also includes provisions referred to as the “Collins Amendment,” which subject bank holding companies to the same capital requirements as their bank subsidiaries and eliminate or significantly reduce the use of hybrid capital instruments, especially trust preferred securities, as regulatory capital. Under the Collins Amendment, trust preferred securities issued by a company, such as our Company, with total consolidated assets of less than $15 billion before May 19, 2010 and treated as regulatory capital were grandfathered, but any such securities issued later are not eligible as regulatory capital. The Company’s $13.4 million of outstanding trust preferred securities qualified as Tier 1 capital under this grandfathering. 

Basel III Capital Rules.

The federal banking agencies have adopted rules, referred to as the Basel III rules, which implement the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision’s December 2010 final capital framework for strengthening international capital standards. The Basel III rules, among other things, (i) introduced a new capital measure called “Common Equity Tier 1” (“CET1”) and related regulatory capital ratio of CET1 to risk-weighted assets; (ii) specified that Tier 1 capital consists of CET1 and “Additional Tier 1 capital” instruments meeting certain revised requirements; (iii) mandated that most deductions/adjustments to regulatory capital 

12

measures be made to CET1 and not to the other components of capital; and (iv) expanded the scope of the deductions from and adjustments to capital as compared to existing regulations. Under the Basel III rules, for most banking organizations, the most common form of Additional Tier 1 capital is non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock and the most common form of Tier 2 capital is subordinated notes and a portion of the allocation for loan and lease losses, in each case, subject to the specific requirements of the Basel III rules.

Minimum capital ratios in effect at December 31, 2024 were as follows
:

4.5% CET1 to risk-weighted assets;

6.0% Tier 1 capital (that is, CET1 plus Additional Tier 1 capital) to risk-weighted assets;

8.0% Total capital (that is, Tier 1 capital plus Tier 2 capital) to risk-weighted assets; and 

4.0% Tier 1 capital to average consolidated assets as reported on consolidated financial statements (known as the “leverage ratio”).
The Basel III rules also introduced a new “capital conservation buffer,” composed entirely of CET1, on top of the minimum risk-weighted asset ratios. The capital conservation buffer was designed to absorb losses during periods of economic stress. Banking institutions with a ratio of CET1 to risk-weighted assets above the minimum but below the capital conservation buffer face constraints on dividends, equity repurchases, and compensation based on the amount of the shortfall. Thus, the Company and the Bank are required to maintain an additional capital conservation buffer of 2.5% of CET1, effectively resulting in minimum ratios of (i) CET1 to risk-weighted assets of at least 7%, (ii) Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets of at least 8.5%, and (iii) Total capital to risk-weighted assets of at least 10.5%.

The Basel III rules provide for a number of deductions from and adjustments to CET1. These include, for example, the requirement that deferred tax assets arising from temporary differences that could not be realized through net operating loss carrybacks and significant investments in non-consolidated financial entities be deducted from CET1 to the extent that any one such category exceeds 10% if CET1 or all such items, in the aggregate, exceed 15% of CET1.

With respect to the Bank, the Basel III rules revised the “prompt corrective action” (“PCA”) regulations adopted pursuant to Section 38 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (the “FDIA”), by: (i) introducing a CET1 ratio requirement at each PCA category (other than critically undercapitalized), with the required CET1 ratio being 6.5% for well-capitalized status; (ii) increasing the minimum Tier 1 capital ratio requirement for each category, with the minimum Tier 1 capital ratio for well-capitalized status being 8% (as compared to the current 6%); and (iii) eliminating the provision that a bank with a composite supervisory rating of 1 may have a 3% leverage ratio and still be adequately capitalized. The Basel III rules did not change the total risk-based capital requirement for any PCA category.

The Basel III rules prescribe a standardized approach for risk weightings that expanded the risk-weighting categories from four Basel I-derived categories (0%, 20%, 50% and 100%) to a larger and more risk-sensitive number of categories, depending on the nature of the assets, generally ranging from 0% for U.S. government and agency securities, to 600% for certain equity exposures resulting in higher risk weights for a variety of asset classes. 
As of December 31, 2024, we were in compliance with the Basel III rules. We remain in compliance with such rules and believe the Company and the Bank will continue to be able to meet targeted capital ratios. Actual ratios as of December 31, 2024 are shown in the following paragraph.

Prompt Corrective Action.
 Federal banking agencies must take prompt supervisory and regulatory actions against undercapitalized depository institutions pursuant to the PCA provisions of the FDIA. Depository institutions are assigned one of five capital categories – “well capitalized,” “adequately capitalized,” “undercapitalized,” “significantly undercapitalized,” and “critically undercapitalized” – and are subject to different regulation corresponding to the capital category within which the institution falls. Under certain circumstances, a well capitalized, adequately capitalized, or undercapitalized institution may be treated as if the institution were in the next lower capital category. As described in Item 7, “
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations –Capital Resources
,” an institution is deemed well capitalized if it has a total risk-based capital ratio of at least 10.00%, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of at least 6.50%, and a leverage ratio of at least 5.00%. An institution is adequately capitalized if it has a total risk-based capital ratio of at least 8.00%, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of at least 4.50%, and a leverage ratio of at least 4.00%. At December 31, 2024, the Company’s total risk-based capital ratio was 14.46%, Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio was 13.88%, and leverage ratio was 9.41% while the Bank’s ratios were 15.87%, 15.29% and 10.38%, respectively and, accordingly, both the Company and the Bank were well capitalized within the meaning of applicable regulations. A depository 

13

institution is generally prohibited from making capital distributions (including paying dividends) or paying management fees to a holding company if the institution would thereafter be undercapitalized. 

As a result of Dodd-Frank, our financial holding company status depends upon our maintaining our status as “well capitalized” and “well managed” under applicable Federal Reserve regulations. Should a financial holding company cease meeting these requirements, the Federal Reserve may impose corrective capital and managerial requirements on the financial holding company and place limitations on its ability to conduct the broader financial activities permissible for financial holding companies. In addition, the Federal Reserve may require divestiture of the holding company’s depository institution if the deficiencies persist.

Brokered Deposits.
 A “brokered deposit” is any deposit that is obtained from or through the mediation or assistance of a deposit broker. 
Prior to June 30, 2021, the majority of the Bank’s deposits were classified as brokered, because related accounts, primarily prepaid and debit card deposit accounts, are obtained with the assistance of third parties. In December 2020, the FDIC issued a regulation which resulted in the reclassification of the majority of the Bank’s deposits from brokered to non-brokered, which generally resulted in a reduction of FDIC insurance expense rates. See “
Insurance of Deposit Accounts
” below. These designations are subject to the FDIC’s ongoing assessment and there can be no assurance that such classifications will be permanent.

Adequately capitalized institutions cannot accept, renew or roll over brokered deposits, except with a waiver from the FDIC, and are subject to restrictions on the interest rates that can be paid on such deposits. Undercapitalized institutions may not accept, renew, or roll over brokered deposits.

Insurance of Deposit Accounts.

The Bank’s deposits are insured to the maximum extent permitted by the DIF. Dodd-Frank permanently increased the maximum amount of deposit insurance to $250,000 per depositor, per insured institution for each account ownership category. FDIC insurance is backed by the full faith and credit of the United States government.

As the insurer, the FDIC is authorized to conduct examinations of, and to require reporting by, FDIC-insured institutions. The FDIC also may prohibit any FDIC-insured institution from engaging in any activity the FDIC determines by regulation or order to pose a serious threat to the DIF. The FDIC also has the authority to initiate enforcement actions against banks.

The FDIC has implemented a risk-based assessment system under which FDIC-insured depository institutions pay annual premiums at rates based on their risk classification. A bank’s risk classification is based on its capital levels and the level of supervisory concern the bank poses to the regulators. Institutions assigned to higher risk classifications pay assessments at higher rates than institutions that pose a lower risk. A decrease in the Bank’s capital ratios or the occurrence of events that have an adverse effect on the Bank’s asset quality, management, earnings, liquidity or sensitivity to market risk could result in a substantial increase in deposit insurance premiums paid by the Bank, which would adversely affect earnings. In addition, the FDIC can impose special assessments in certain instances. The range of assessments in the risk-based system is a function of the reserve ratio in the DIF. Each insured institution is assigned to one of four risk categories based on supervisory evaluations, regulatory capital levels and certain other factors and its assessment rate depends upon the category to which it is assigned. Unlike the other categories, Risk Category I contains further risk differentiation based on the FDIC’s analysis of financial ratios, examination component ratings and other information. Assessment rates are determined by the FDIC and, including potential adjustments to reflect an institution’s risk profile, currently range from five to nine basis points for the healthiest institutions (Risk Category I) to 35 basis points of assessable liabilities for the riskiest (Risk Category IV). Rates may be increased an additional ten basis points depending on the amount of brokered deposits utilized. The above-referenced rates apply to institutions with assets under $10 billion. Other rates apply for larger or “highly complex” institutions. The FDIC may adjust rates uniformly from one quarter to the next, except that no single adjustment can exceed three basis points. At December 31, 2024, the Bank’s DIF assessment rate was 5 basis points, subject to increase at any time in the future.  
Pursuant to Dodd-Frank, the FDIC has established 2.0% as the designated reserve ratio (“DRR”), or the ratio of the DIF to insured deposits of the total industry. In 2022, the FDIC projected that the DRR was at risk of not reaching the statutory minimum of 1.35% by the statutory deadline of September 30, 2028 and, based on this update, increased the initial base deposit insurance assessment rate schedules applicable to all insured depository institutions uniformly by 2 basis points. The increase was effective as of January 1, 2023 and applicable to the first quarterly assessment period of 2023 (i.e., January 1 through March 31, 2023).
Loans-to-One Borrower.
 Generally, a bank may not make a loan or extend credit to a single or related group of borrowers in excess of 15% of its unimpaired capital and surplus. 
At December 31, 2024, the Bank’s limit on loans to one borrower was 

14

$138.3 million. 
An additional amount may be lent, equal to 10% of unimpaired capital and surplus, if such loan is secured by marketable securities.

Transactions with Affiliates and other Related Parties.
 There are various legal restrictions on the extent to which a financial holding company and its non-bank subsidiaries can borrow or otherwise obtain credit from banking subsidiaries or engage in other transactions with or involving those banking subsidiaries. The Bank’s authority to engage in transactions with related parties or “affiliates” (that is, any entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with an institution, including the Company and our non-bank subsidiaries) is limited by Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act (the “FRA”) and Regulation W promulgated thereunder. Section 23A restricts the aggregate amount of covered transactions with any individual affiliate to 10% of the Bank’s capital and surplus. At December 31, 2024, the Company was not indebted to the Bank. The aggregate amount of covered transactions with all affiliates is limited to 20% of the Bank’s capital and surplus. Certain transactions with affiliates are required to be secured by collateral in an amount and of a type described in Section 23A and the purchase of low-quality assets from affiliates are generally prohibited. Section 23B generally provides that certain transactions with affiliates, including loans and asset purchases, must be on terms and under circumstances, including credit standards, that are substantially the same or at least as favorable to the institution as those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with non-affiliated companies. 

Dodd-Frank generally enhanced the restrictions on transactions with affiliates under Sections 23A and 23B of the FRA, including an expansion of the definition of “covered transactions” and an increase in the amount of time for which collateral requirements regarding covered credit transactions must be satisfied. Insider transaction limitations were expanded through the strengthening of loan restrictions to insiders and the expansion of the types of transactions subject to the various limits, including derivatives transactions, repurchase agreements, reverse repurchase agreements and securities lending or borrowing transactions. Restrictions were also placed on certain assets sales to and from an insider to an institution including requirements that such sales be on market terms and, in certain circumstances, approved by the institution’s board of directors. 

The Bank’s authority to extend credit to its directors, executive officers and 10% shareholders, as well as to entities controlled by such persons, is governed by the requirements of Sections 22(g) and 22(h) of the FRA and Regulation O of the Federal Reserve. Among other things, these provisions require that extensions of credit to insiders (i) be made on terms that are substantially the same as, and follow credit underwriting procedures that are not less stringent than, those prevailing for comparable transactions with unaffiliated persons and that do not involve more than the normal risk of repayment or present other unfavorable features; and (ii) not exceed certain limitations on the amount of credit extended to such persons, individually and in the aggregate, which limits are based, in part, on the amount of the Bank’s capital. In addition, extensions of credit in excess of certain limits must be approved by the Bank’s Board of Directors. At December 31, 2024 and 2023, loans to these related parties amounted to $6.9 million and $5.7 million respectively.

Standards for Safety and Soundness.

The FDIA requires each federal banking agency to prescribe for all insured depository institutions standards relating to, among other things, internal controls, information and audit systems, loan documentation, credit underwriting, interest rate risk exposure, asset growth, compensation, fees, benefits and such other operational and managerial standards as the agency deems appropriate. The federal banking agencies have adopted final regulations and interagency guidelines to implement these safety and soundness standards. The guidelines set forth the safety and soundness standards that the federal banking agencies use to identify and address problems at insured depository institutions before capital becomes impaired. If the appropriate federal banking agency determines an institution fails to meet any standard prescribed by the guidelines, the agency may require the institution to submit to the agency an acceptable plan to achieve compliance with the standard.

Privacy and Information Security.
 Financial institutions are required to disclose their policies for collecting and protecting confidential information. Customers generally may prevent financial institutions from sharing nonpublic personal financial information with nonaffiliated third parties except under narrow circumstances, such as the processing of transactions requested by the consumer or when the financial institution is jointly sponsoring a product or service with a nonaffiliated third party. Additionally, financial institutions generally may not disclose consumer account numbers to any nonaffiliated third party for use in telemarketing, direct mail marketing or other marketing to consumers. The Bank has adopted privacy standards that we believe will satisfy regulatory scrutiny and communicates its privacy practices to its customers through privacy disclosures designed in a manner consistent with recommended model forms. The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (the “GLBA”) and other laws require us to implement a comprehensive information security program that includes administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to provide for the security and confidentiality of customer records and information. As a result, we have implemented and continue to assess and improve our security and privacy policies and procedures to protect personal and confidential information.  

15

Data privacy and data protection are areas of increasing regulatory focus, particularly at the state level. Following enactment of the California Consumer Protection Act of 2018 
(as modified by the California Privacy Rights Act, the 
“CCPA”) which became effective in January 2020, we made operational adjustments in response to the law and its regulations. The CCPA gives California consumers each of the following rights: to request disclosure of information collected about them and be informed about whether such information has been sold or shared; to request deletion of personal information (subject to certain exceptions); to opt out of the sale of such consumer’s personal information; and to not be discriminated against for having exercised the foregoing rights. The CCPA contains several exemptions, including an exemption applicable to information that is collected, processed, sold or disclosed pursuant to GLBA. More states including, but not limited to, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah and Virginia, have implemented or are considering implementing similar legislation in the future. 
We believe that the Company is taking the necessary steps to comply with these evolving laws. 
Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act of 2003.
 The Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act of 2003 (the “FACT Act”) provides consumers with the ability to restrict companies from using certain information obtained from affiliates to make marketing solicitations. In general, a person is prohibited from using information received from an affiliate to make a solicitation for marketing purposes to a consumer, unless the consumer is given notice and had a reasonable opportunity to opt out of such solicitations. The rule permits opt-out notices to be given by any affiliate that has a pre-existing business relationship with the consumer and permits a joint notice from two or more affiliates. Moreover, such notice would not be applicable if the company using the information has a pre-existing business relationship with the consumer. This notice may be combined with other required disclosures, including notices required under other applicable privacy provisions.

Section 315 of the FACT Act requires each financial institution or creditor to develop and implement a written Identity Theft Prevention Program to detect, prevent and mitigate identity theft in connection with the opening of certain accounts or certain existing accounts. In accordance with this rule, the Bank adopted such a program.

Cybersecurity.
 The federal banking regulators regularly issue guidance regarding cybersecurity that is intended to enhance cyber risk management among financial institutions. A financial institution is expected to establish lines of defense and to ensure that its risk management processes address the risk posed by potential threats to the institution. A financial institution’s management is expected to maintain sufficient business continuity planning processes to ensure the rapid recovery, resumption, and maintenance of the institution’s operations after a cyberattack. A financial institution is also expected to develop appropriate processes to enable recovery of data and business operations if the institution or its critical service providers fall victim to a cyberattack.

Pursuant to a joint final rule issued by the federal banking agencies that became effective in May 2022, a banking organization must notify its primary federal regulator of any significant computer-security incident as soon as possible and no later than 36 hours after the banking organization determines that a cyber incident has occurred. Notification is required for incidents that have materially affected—or are reasonably likely to materially affect—the viability of a banking organization's operations, its ability to deliver banking products and services, or the stability of the financial sector. The final rule also requires a bank service provider to notify affected banking organization customers as soon as possible when the provider determines that it has experienced a computer-security incident that has materially affected or is reasonably likely to materially affect banking organization customers for four or more hours. In addition, certain state laws could potentially impact the Bank’s operations, including those related to applicable notification requirements when computer-security incidents or unauthorized access to customers’ nonpublic personal information have occurred.  

See