Item 1A. 
Risk Factors
 for a further discussion of risks related to cybersecurity and Item 1C. 
Cybersecurity
 for a further discussion of risk management strategies and governance processes related to cybersecurity.

Anti-Money Laundering, Sanctions, and Related Regulations.
 The BSA requires the Bank to implement a risk-based compliance program in order to protect the Bank from being used as a conduit for financial or other illicit crimes including but not limited to money laundering and terrorist financing. These rules are administered by the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, (“FinCEN”), a bureau of the U.S. Department of the Treasury. Under the law, the Bank must have a written BSA/Anti-Money Laundering (“AML”) program which has been approved by the board of directors and contains the following key requirements: (1) appointment of responsible persons to manage the program, including a BSA Officer; (2) ongoing training of all appropriate Bank staff and management on BSA-AML compliance; (3) development of a system of internal controls (including appropriate policies, procedures and processes); and (4) required independent testing to ensure effective implementation of the program and appropriate compliance. Under BSA regulations, the Bank is subject to various reporting requirements such as currency transaction reporting, monitoring of customer activity and transactions and filing a suspicious activity report when warranted. The BSA also contains numerous recordkeeping requirements. 

16

USA PATRIOT Act.
 The Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (the “USA PATRIOT Act”) expanded provisions of the BSA, criminalized the financing of terrorism and augmented the existing BSA framework by strengthening customer identification procedures, requiring financial institutions to implement a written customer identification program, have due diligence procedures, including enhanced due diligence procedures and, most significantly, improving information sharing between financial institutions and the U.S. government. In January 2021, the Anti-Money Laundering Act of 2020 ("AMLA") was enacted, amending the Bank Secrecy Act ("BSA").The AMLA was intended to comprehensively reform and modernize U.S. bank secrecy and anti-money laundering laws, to include goals of preventing money laundering , terrorism financing, tax evasion and fraud. impacting our operations. Key provisions include the codification of a risk-based approach to anti-money laundering compliance, the requirement for the U.S. Department of the Treasury to establish priorities for anti-money laundering policies, and the development of standards for testing technology and internal processes related to BSA compliance. Additionally, the AMLA imposed ultimate beneficial ownership reporting requirements via corporate transparency requirements, subject to multiple categories of exemptions. In June 2021, the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network ("FinCEN") issued priorities for anti-money laundering and countering the financing of terrorism policy as mandated by AMLA. These national priorities, including corruption, cybercrime, terrorist financing, fraud, transnational crime, drug trafficking, human trafficking, and proliferation financing, guide our compliance efforts. Certain statutory provisions in the AMLA are expected to require additional rulemakings, reports and other measures by FinCEN, and the impact of the AMLA will depend on, among other things, rulemaking and implementation guidance. The Company has implemented the required customer identification program and the other required elements of these laws and related regulations. 

Under the USA PATRIOT Act, FinCEN can send bank regulatory agencies lists of the names of persons suspected of involvement in terrorist activities or money laundering. The Bank must search its records for any relationships or transactions with persons on those lists and, if it finds any such relationships or transactions, must report specific information to FinCEN and implement other internal compliance procedures in accordance with the Bank’s BSA/AML compliance procedures.

Office of Foreign Assets Control.
 The Office of Foreign Assets Control (“OFAC”), a division of the U.S. Department of the Treasury, administers and enforces economic and trade sanctions based on U.S. foreign policy and national security goals against targeted foreign countries, terrorists, international narcotics traffickers, and those engaged in activities related to the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction. OFAC maintains lists of names of persons and organizations suspected of aiding, harboring or engaging in terrorist acts, as well as sanctions programs for certain countries. If the Bank finds a name on any transaction, account or wire transfer that is on an OFAC list or is otherwise asked to facilitate a transaction prohibited under a government sanctions program, the Bank must freeze or block such account or reject a transaction, and perform additional procedures as required by OFAC regulations. The Bank filters its customer base and transactional activity against OFAC-issued lists. The Bank performs these checks using purpose directed software, which is updated each time a modification is made to the lists provided by OFAC and other agencies.

Unfair or Deceptive or Abusive Acts or Practices.
 Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act prohibits all persons, including financial institutions, from engaging in any unfair or deceptive acts or practices in or affecting commerce. Dodd-Frank codified this prohibition and expanded it even further by prohibiting abusive practices. These prohibitions, commonly referred to as “UDAAP,” apply to all areas of the Bank’s operations, including its marketing and advertising practices, product features, account agreements terms and conditions, operational practices, and the conduct of third parties with whom the Bank may partner or on whom the Bank may rely in bringing Bank products and services to the marketplace.

Other Consumer Protection-Related Laws and Regulations.
 The Bank is subject to a wide range of consumer protection laws and regulations which may have an enterprise-wide impact or may principally govern its lending or deposit operations. To the extent the Bank engages third-party service providers in any aspect of its products and services, the third parties may also be subject to compliance with applicable law and must therefore be subject to Bank oversight. 

The Bank is subject to numerous federal consumer protection laws related to its lending activities, including but not limited to: (1) the Truth in Lending Act, governing disclosures of credit terms to consumer borrowers; (2) the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act of 1975, requiring financial institutions to provide information to enable the public and public officials to determine whether a financial institution is fulfilling its obligation to help meet the housing needs of the community it serves; (3) the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, prohibiting discrimination on the basis of race, creed or other prohibited factors in extending credit; (4) the Fair Credit Reporting Act of 1978, as amended by the Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act, governing the use and provision of information to credit reporting agencies, certain identity theft protections and certain credit and other disclosures; (5) the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, governing the manner in which consumer debts may be collected by collection agencies; (6) the Home Ownership and Equity Protection Act prohibiting unfair, abusive or deceptive home mortgage lending practices, restricting mortgage 

17

lending activities and providing advertising and mortgage disclosure standards; (7) the Service Members Civil Relief Act, postponing or suspending some civil obligations of service members during periods of transition, deployment and other times; and (8) related rules and regulations of the various federal agencies charged with implementing these federal laws. In addition, interest and other charges collected or contracted for by the Bank will be subject to state usury laws and federal laws concerning interest rates.

Deposit-related activities of the Bank are also subject to various consumer protection laws, including but not limited to: (1) the Truth in Savings Act, which imposes disclosure obligations to enable consumers to make informed decisions about accounts at depository institutions; (2) the Right to Financial Privacy Act, which imposes a duty to maintain confidentiality of consumer financial records and prescribes procedures for complying with administrative subpoenas of financial records; (3) the Expedited Funds Availability Act, which establishes standards related to when financial institutions must make various deposit items available for withdrawal, and requires depository institutions to disclose their availability policies to their depositors; (4) the Electronic Fund Transfer Act, which governs electronic fund transfers to and withdrawals from deposit accounts and customers’ rights and liabilities arising from the use of ATMs and other electronic banking services as well as the process for reporting and investigating errors; and (5) related rules and regulations of various federal agencies charged with implementing these federal laws.

Prepaid Account Rule Amending Regulation E and Regulation Z.

The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (“CFPB”) has adopted amendments to Regulation E and Regulation Z to add protections for prepaid accounts (the “Prepaid Rule”).

The Prepaid Rule includes a significant number of changes to the regulatory framework for prepaid products, some of which include: (1) establishment of a definition of “prepaid account” within Regulation E to include reloadable and non-reloadable physical cards, as well as codes or other devices; (2) modification of Regulation E to require prescribed disclosures be provided to the consumer; (3) extending to prepaid accounts the periodic transaction history and statement requirements of Regulation E applicable to payroll and federal government benefit accounts; (4) extending the error resolution and limited liability provisions of Regulation E applicable to payroll cards to registered network branded prepaid cards; (5) requiring financial institutions to post prepaid account agreements to the issuers’ websites and to submit them to the CFPB; (6) extending Regulation Z’s credit card rules and disclosure requirements to prepaid accounts providing overdraft protection and other credit features; (7) requiring a prepaid account holder’s consent prior to adding overdraft services or other credit features and prohibiting an issuer from adding such services or features for at least 30 calendar days after the consumer registers the prepaid account; and (8) prohibiting application of different terms and conditions, such as charging different fees, to a prepaid account depending on whether the consumer elects to link the prepaid account to overdraft services or other credit features. The Bank has evaluated the impact of the Prepaid Rule on its operations and its third-party relationships and established internal processes accordingly.

Community Reinvestment Act.

Under the Community Reinvestment Act of 1977 (“CRA”), a federally-insured institution has a continuing and affirmative obligation to help meet the credit needs of its community, including low-and moderate-income neighborhoods, consistent with the safe and sound operation of the institution. The CRA requires financial institutions to delineate one or more assessment areas within which the regulator evaluates the bank’s record of helping to meet the credit needs of its community. The CRA further requires that a record be kept of whether a financial institution meets its community’s credit needs, which record will be considered when evaluating applications for, among other things, domestic branches and mergers and acquisitions. The regulations promulgated pursuant to the CRA contain three tests which are part of the traditional CRA evaluation. As an alternative to the traditional evaluation tests, the CRA permits a financial institution to develop its own strategic plan with specific goals for CRA compliance and related performance ratings. If its strategic plan is approved by its regulator, the financial institution’s CRA ratings will be applied based on its performance under the strategic plan.

The Bank operates its CRA program under a strategic plan approved by its regulator. While operating as a state-chartered institution under the supervision of the FDIC, the Bank operated under an FDIC-approved strategic plan covering the period of January 1, 2021 through December 31, 2023. In 2022, after converting to a national bank under the supervision of the OCC, the Bank revised its strategic plan, which was approved by the OCC on December 15, 2022. The current strategic plan covers the period of January 1, 2023 through December 31, 2025. The Bank continues to closely monitor its performance in alignment with the strategic plan to meet the lending, service and investment requirements it contains. Additionally, the Bank was assigned a “Satisfactory” CRA rating in its most recent CRA performance evaluation, which was completed in February 2023.

On October 24, 2023, the OCC, FDIC and Federal Reserve issued a final rule to modernize CRA regulations. The rule encourages banks to expand access to credit, investment and banking services in low-income to moderate-income communities and adapts CRA regulations to changes in the banking industry, including internet and mobile banking. The changes are also intended to provide greater clarity and consistency in the application of CRA regulations while tailoring CRA evaluations and data collection to bank size and type. Most of the rule’s requirements will be applicable beginning January 1, 2026. The revised regulations permit 

18

banks to meet their CRA requirements within an individually tailored strategic plan. Accordingly, prior to the December 31, 2025 expiration of our current CRA strategic plan, we plan to submit a new strategic plan to the OCC for their approval. 

Enforcement.
 Under the FDIA, federal banking regulators have authority to bring actions against a bank and all affiliated parties, including stockholders, attorneys, appraisers and accountants, who knowingly or recklessly participate in wrongful actions likely to have an adverse effect on the bank. Formal enforcement action may range from the issuance of a capital directive or cease and desist order, to removal of officers and/or directors, to the institution of receivership or conservatorship proceedings, or termination of deposit insurance. Civil money penalties cover a wide range of violations and can amount to $27,500 per day, or even $1.1 million per day in especially egregious cases. Federal law also establishes criminal penalties for certain violations.

Reserve Requirements.
 Federal Reserve regulations require banks to maintain reserves against their demand deposits, with lesser reserves on limited transaction accounts, after subtraction of exempted amounts. For 
2024, the exemptions for demand deposits and limited transaction accounts were, respectively, $36.1 million and $644.0 million. At December 31, 2024, the Bank had $564.1 million in cash and balances at the Federal Reserve. While legal statutes require recalculation of these exemptions annually, the Federal Reserve, 
as a result
 of the COVID-19 pandemic, waived reserve requirements and has not reinstated them through December 31, 2024. We believe we have sufficient sources of liquidity to offset the impact of reserve requirements if or when they are reinstated.

Dodd-Frank.
 Enacted in 2010, Dodd-Frank implemented far-reaching changes across the financial regulatory landscape in the United States. Since its enactment, banks and financial services firms have experienced enhanced regulation and oversight. Certain Dodd-Frank provisions directly impacting the Company or the Bank included: (1) creation of the CFPB which was given broad rulemaking, supervision and enforcement authority for a wide range of consumer protection laws applicable to all banks and certain others, and examination and enforcement powers with respect to any bank with more than $10 billion in assets; (2) restriction of the preemption of state consumer financial protection law by federal law, and disallowing subsidiaries and affiliates of national banks from availing themselves of such preemption; (3) requiring new capital rules and application of the same leverage and risk-based capital requirements that apply to insured depository institutions to most bank holding companies; changing the assessment base for federal deposit insurance from the amount of insured deposits to consolidated average assets less tangible capital, increasing the minimum DRR from 1.15% to 1.35%, and requiring the FDIC, in setting assessments, to offset the effect of the increase on institutions with assets of less than $10 billion; see “
Capital Adequacy
,” “
Basel III Capital Rules,
” and “
Prompt Corrective Action
” above; (4) requiring all bank holding companies to serve as a source of financial strength to their depository institution subsidiaries in the event such subsidiaries suffer from financial distress; see “
Holding Company Liability
,” “
Capital Adequacy
,” and “
Prompt Corrective Action
” above; (5) providing new disclosure and other requirements relating to executive compensation and corporate governance, including guidelines or regulations on incentive-based compensation and a prohibition on compensation arrangements that encourage inappropriate risks or that could provide excessive compensation; see “
Federal Regulatory Guidance on Incentive Compensation
” below for details; (6) repeal of the federal prohibitions on the payment of interest on demand deposits, thereby permitting depository institutions to pay interest on business transaction and other accounts; (7) provisions in what is known as the Durbin Amendment designed to restrict interchange fees for certain debit card issuers and limiting the ability of networks and issuers to restrict debit card transaction routing; see “
Regulation II
” below; (8) increasing the authority of the Federal Reserve to examine holding companies and their non-bank subsidiaries; and (9) restricting proprietary trading by banks, bank holding companies and others, and their acquisition and retention of ownership interests in and sponsorship of hedge funds and private equity funds. This restriction is commonly referred to as the “Volcker Rule.” See “
Volcker Rule Adoption
” below.

Federal Regulatory Guidance on Incentive Compensation.
 The federal banking regulators have issued guidance on sound incentive compensation policies for banking organizations. This guidance, which covers all employees with the ability to materially affect the risk profile of an organization either individually or as a part of a group, is based upon key principles designed to ensure that incentive compensation practices are not structured in a manner to give employees incentives to take imprudent risks. Federal regulators actively monitor actions being taken by banking organizations with respect to incentive compensation arrangements and review and update their guidance as appropriate to incorporate emerging best practices.

The Federal Reserve reviews, as part of the regular, risk-focused examination process, the incentive compensation arrangements of banking organizations such as ours that are not considered “large, complex banking organizations.” The reviews are tailored to each organization based on the scope and complexity of the organization’s activities and the prevalence of incentive compensation arrangements and any findings are included in reports of examination. Deficiencies are incorporated into the organization’s supervisory ratings, which can affect the organization’s ability to make acquisitions and take other actions. Enforcement actions may be taken against a banking organization if its incentive compensation arrangements, or related risk-management controls or governance processes, pose a risk to the organization’s safety and soundness, and the organization is not taking prompt and effective measures to correct the deficiencies. 

19

Dodd-Frank requires that the federal banking agencies, including the Federal Reserve and the OCC, issue a rule related to incentive-based compensation. No final rule implementing this provision of Dodd-Frank has, as of the date of the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, been adopted, but a proposed rule was published in 2016 that expanded upon a prior proposed rule published in 2011. The proposed rule is intended to (i) prohibit incentive-based payment arrangements that the banking agencies determine could encourage certain financial institutions to take inappropriate risks by providing excessive compensation or that could lead to material financial loss, (ii) require the board of directors of those financial institutions to take certain oversight actions related to incentive-based compensation, and (iii) require those financial institutions to disclose information concerning incentive-based compensation arrangements to the appropriate federal regulator. Although a final rule has not been issued, the Company and the Bank have undertaken efforts to ensure that their incentive compensation plans do not encourage inappropriate risks, consistent with the principles identified above.

Regulation II.

The “Durbin Amendment” to Dodd-Frank and the Federal Reserve’s implementing Regulation II exempt from debit card interchange fee standards any issuing bank that, together with its affiliates, have assets of less than $10 billion. Because of our asset size, we are exempt from the debit card interchange fee standards but may lose the exemption if Regulation II is amended or if we, together with our subsidiaries, surpass $10 billion in assets. Regulation II also prohibits network exclusivity arrangements on debit card transactions and ensures merchants will have choices in debit card routing, and these provisions apply to us. Under the Durbin Amendment to Dodd-Frank and the Federal Reserve’s implementing regulations, the debit card interchange fee that the Bank charges merchants must be reasonable and proportional to the cost of clearing the transaction. The maximum permissible interchange fee is capped at the sum of $0.21 plus five basis points of the transaction value for many types of debit interchange transactions. The Bank may also recover $0.01 per transaction for fraud prevention purposes if it complies with certain fraud-related requirements. The Federal Reserve also has established rules governing routing and exclusivity that require debit card issuers to offer two unaffiliated networks for routing transactions on each debit or prepaid product.

Volcker Rule.

Under provisions of Dodd-Frank known as the “Volcker Rule” and implementing regulations, banking entities may not (1) engage in short-term proprietary trading for their own accounts or (2) have certain ownership interests in and relationships with hedge funds or private equity funds, referred to as “covered funds.” The Volcker Rule also requires each regulated entity to establish an internal compliance program consistent with the extent to which it engages in prohibited activities, which must include (for the largest entities) making regular reports about those activities to regulators. Smaller banks and community banks, including the Bank, are afforded some relief under the Volcker Rule. Smaller banks, including the Bank, that are engaged only in exempted proprietary trading, such as trading in U.S. government, agency, state and municipal obligations, are exempt from compliance program requirements. Moreover, even if a community or small bank engages in proprietary trading or covered fund activities under the Volcker Rule, they need only incorporate references to the Volcker Rule into their existing policies and procedures.

Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act of 2018.
 In 2018, the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act (“EGRRCPA”) was signed into law, which amended provisions of Dodd-Frank and was intended to ease regulatory burdens, particularly with respect to smaller-sized banking institutions, 
e.g
., those with less than $10 billion in assets, such as us. EGRRCPA’s highlights include: (i) exemption of banks with less than $10 billion in assets from the ability-to-repay requirements for certain qualified residential mortgage loans held in portfolio; (ii) clarification that, subject to various conditions, reciprocal deposits of another depository institution obtained using a deposit broker through a deposit placement network for purposes of obtaining maximum deposit insurance would not be considered brokered deposits subject to the FDIC’s brokered-deposit regulations; and (iii) simplification of capital calculations by requiring regulators to establish for institutions under $10 billion in assets a community bank leverage ratio (tangible equity to average consolidated assets) at a percentage not less than 8% and not greater than 10% that such institutions may elect to replace the general applicable risk-based capital requirements for determining well capitalized status.

Consumer Protections for Remittance Transfers.
 In 2012, the CFPB published a final Remittance Transfer Rule (the “Remittance Rule”) to implement Section 1073 of Dodd-Frank. The Remittance Rule creates a comprehensive set of consumer protections, found in Regulation E, covering remittance transfers sent by consumers in the United States to parties in foreign countries. The Remittance Rule, among other things, mandates certain disclosures and consumer cancellation rights for foreign remittances covered by the rule.

Effect of Governmental Monetary Policies.
 The commercial banking business is affected not only by general economic conditions but also by both U.S. fiscal policy and the monetary policies of the Federal Reserve. Some of the instruments of fiscal and monetary policy available to the Federal Reserve include changes in the discount rate on member bank borrowings, the fluctuating availability of borrowings at the “discount window,” open market operations, the imposition of and changes in reserve requirements 

20

against member banks’ deposits and assets of foreign branches, the imposition of and changes in reserve requirements against certain borrowings by banks and their affiliates, and the placing of limits on interest rates that member banks may pay on time and savings deposits. Such policies influence to a significant extent the overall growth of bank loans, investments, and deposits and the interest rates charged on loans or paid on time and savings deposits. See Item 7
,“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
.” We cannot predict the nature of the future fiscal and monetary policies and the effect of such policies on future business and our earnings. 

OCC Supervisory Strategies Related to Banking Regulations
.

The OCC announced on September 28, 2023 that its supervisory strategies for 2024 will focus on: (a) asset and liability management; (b) credit risk management and allowance for credit losses (“ACL”); (c) cybersecurity; (d) operational resilience; (e) distributed ledger technology (“DLT”) related activities; (f) change management; (g) new products and services, including those related to payments and fintech/digital assets; (h) BSA/anti-money laundering and OFAC/sanctions programs compliance management; (i) consumer compliance and fair lending risk; (j) CRA performance; and (k) climate-related financial risk management. The OCC’s 2024 supervisory plan provides the foundation for policy initiatives and for supervisory strategies as applied to national banks as well as their technology service providers. OCC staff members use the supervisory plan to guide their supervisory priorities, planning, and resource allocations. The OCC typically provides periodic updates about supervisory priorities through the Semiannual Risk Perspective process in the fall and spring of each year.

State Laws and Regulations.
 Notwithstanding its federal charter, the Bank is governed by other state laws and regulations in connection with some of its business and operational practices. This includes, for example, complying with state laws governing abandoned or unclaimed property, state and local licensing requirements, and other state-based rules which direct how the Bank may conduct its activities, unless otherwise preempted by its federal charter.
Available Information
Our principal executive offices are located at 409 Silverside Road, Wilmington, Delaware 19809 and our telephone number is (302) 385-5000. The Bank headquarters are located at 345 North Reid Place, Suite 700, Sioux Falls, South Dakota 57103. We make available free of charge on our website, www.thebancorp.com, our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. Investors are encouraged to access these reports and other information about our business on our website. Information found on our website shall not be deemed incorporated by reference into, and does not form any part of, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We also will provide copies of our Annual Report on Form 10-K, free of charge, upon written request to our Investor Relations Department at our address for our principal executive offices. Also posted on our website, and available in print upon request by any stockholder to our Investor Relations Department, are the charters of the standing committees of our Board and standards of conduct governing our directors, officers and employees.