Item 1. Business
Overview
We are a patient-focused, innovative, commercial-stage, global biopharmaceutical company with a substantial presence in both Greater China and the United States. We are focused on discovering, developing, and commercializing products that address medical conditions with significant unmet needs in the areas of oncology, immunology, neuroscience, and infectious disease. We intend to leverage our competencies and resources to positively impact human health in Greater China and worldwide. To that end, our experienced team has secured partnerships with leading global biopharmaceutical companies to generate a broad pipeline, including multiple commercial products and multiple programs in late-stage clinical development. We have also built an in-house R&D team with strong product discovery and translational research capabilities and are establishing a pipeline of proprietary product candidates with global rights.
Our Mission and Corporate Strategic Goals
Our mission is to be a leading global biopharmaceutical company focused on discovering, developing, and commercializing innovative therapies that improve the lives of patients.  
To execute on that mission, we have developed a corporate strategy with the following three pillars to help us drive innovation in China and beyond:
•
Accelerate Medicines to Patients: 
We seek to advance our global and regional pipelines by continuing to invest in research and development activities;
•
Expand and Strengthen Our Pipeline: 
We seek to continue to expand and strengthen our differentiated global and regional pipelines through our internal discovery efforts and synergistic collaborations and corporate development activities; and
•
Continue Our Commercial Excellence and Execution: 
We seek to continue delivering strong financial performance, including by increasing access to our existing commercial products and driving further increases in our efficiency and productivity as we prepare to launch additional products or new indications for existing products, as we advance along our path to achieve profitability.
We also seek to build and maintain the trust of our stakeholders, including through our Trust for Life strategy, which includes three commitments: improve human health, create better outcomes, and act right now with ethical business practices and strong corporate governance. As part of our corporate strategy, and the actions taken in support of our corporate goals, we will continue to develop and integrate our Trust for Life strategy into our business and operations. 
Our Commercial Products and Operations
We currently have seven commercial programs with products that have received marketing approval and that we have commercially launched in one or more territories in Greater China. 
-1-
The following table provides an overview of our partners and the approved indications and current geographic markets for our commercial products: 
Product
Our Approved Indications
Our Current Markets
Partner
1L ovarian cancer maintenance treatment
Platinum sensitive relapsed ovarian cancer maintenance treatment
Mainland China, Hong Kong, and Macau
gMG
Mainland China
gMG and CIDP
CABP and ABSSSI
Mainland China and Macau
Newly diagnosed and recurrent GBM
Greater China
4L

GIST
Greater China
HABP and VABP caused by ABC
Mainland China
ROS1
+ NSCLC
Mainland China
We have established a strong commercial infrastructure to support the sales of our commercial products. Our sales and marketing teams cover major medical centers across Greater China, and our commercial team has capabilities that cover the product sales cycle, including medical affairs, marketing, market access, and distributor management. Our commercial team has a proven track record and experience from leading global pharmaceutical companies including AstraZeneca, Roche, Novartis, and BMS, and we tailor our commercialization strategies according to our individual products and their market potential. For example, we work to increase access for our commercial products through NRDL inclusion or supplemental insurance coverage and increase brand perception and adoption through education and outreach.
The following sections include more information on our commercial products. For additional information on the license agreements for our commercial products, see 
Overview of Significant License and Collaboration Agreements
, and for more information on how we source and sell our commercial products, see 
Our Customers
 and 
Manufacturing, Suppliers, and Quality Control.
 We are also evaluating other potential indications for our commercial products, as discussed in 
Our Oncology Pipeline
 and 
Our Immunology, Neuroscience, and Infectious Disease Pipeline
.
ZEJULA (Niraparib)
ZEJULA is an orally administered PARP 1/2 inhibitor. PARP is a protein that helps repair DNA damage in cells. PARP inhibitors block PARP from repairing DNA damage, such as may be caused by radiation and/or certain 
-2-
chemotherapies, which may lead to cancer cell death and slow the return or progression of cancer. Tumors that are deficient in key DNA damage repair pathways, such as BRCA1 mutant tumors, are particularly sensitive to ZEJULA. As a maintenance therapy, ZEJULA is for women who have had prior chemotherapy treatment but are at high risk of cancer recurrence. ZEJULA is intended to avoid or slow recurrence of the cancer if it is in remission after prior treatment. In the maintenance setting, ZEJULA does not require the addition of radiation or chemotherapies to kill tumor cells. We have an exclusive license from Tesaro (now a subsidiary of GSK) to develop and commercialize ZEJULA in mainland China, Hong Kong, and Macau.  
Our primary market for ZEJULA is patients with ovarian cancer in mainland China. Ovarian cancer is one of the most common gynecological cancers in China, with over 61,100 newly diagnosed cases and 32,600 deaths in China annually. We launched ZEJULA in mainland China in 2020, and it has been included in the NRDL since 2021 as a maintenance treatment for women with recurrent platinum-sensitive ovarian cancer and for adult patients with advanced ovarian cancer who are in a complete or partial response to first-line platinum-based chemotherapy and since 2022 as a maintenance treatment for first-line ovarian cancer.
We also launched ZEJULA in Hong Kong in 2018 as a maintenance therapy for adult patients with platinum-sensitive, relapsed high-grade, serous epithelial ovarian cancer who are in a complete or partial response to platinum-based chemotherapy and in Hong Kong and Macau in 2021 as a maintenance therapy for adult patients with high-grade serous epithelial ovarian cancer who are in a complete or partial response to first-line platinum-based chemotherapy. 
VYVGART / VYVGART Hytrulo (Efgartigimod)
Efgartigimod is a human IgG1 antibody fragment that binds to FcRn. FcRn is widely expressed throughout the body and plays a central role in rescuing IgG antibodies from lysosomal degradation. Blocking FcRn prevents FcRn from binding IgG antibodies and rescuing them from lysosomal degradation resulting in a reduction in circulating IgG antibodies which may include pathogenic IgG antibodies that contribute to certain autoimmune diseases such as gMG and CIDP. We have an exclusive license from argenx to develop and commercialize efgartigimod in Greater China.
Our primary market for efgartigimod is patients with gMG in mainland China. There are approximately 200,000 patients in China living with MG. Approximately 85% of people with MG progress to gMG within 2 years, and of those patients, 85% are estimated to have confirmed AChR antibodies. We launched the IV formulation of efgartigimod, under the brand name VYVGART, in mainland China in September 2023 as an add on to standard therapy for the treatment of adult patients with gMG who are AChR antibody positive, and in January 2024, this product was added to the NRDL for this indication. In July 2024, the NMPA approved the BLA for the subcutaneous formulation of efgartigimod, under the brand name VYVGART Hytrulo, as an add on to standard therapy for the treatment of adult patients with gMG who are AChR antibody positive, and we launched VYVGART Hytrulo for this indication in the fourth quarter of 2024. 
In November 2024, the NMPA approved the sBLA for VYVGART Hytrulo for the treatment of adult patients with CIDP, and we launched VYVGART Hytrulo for this indication in the fourth quarter of 2024. There are approximately 50,000 patients diagnosed with CIDP in mainland China.
NUZYRA (Omadacycline)
NUZYRA, a novel tetracycline-class antibacterial with both oral and IV formulations, is a broad-spectrum antibiotic. We have an exclusive license from Paratek (subsequently acquired by Gurnet Point Capital and Novo Holdings) to develop, manufacture, and commercialize NUZYRA in Greater China. 
Our primary market for NUZYRA is patients with CABP or ABSSSI in mainland China. CABP is the most common type of pneumonia that is acquired outside of the hospital. It is one of the most common infectious diseases and is a significant cause of mortality and morbidity worldwide. ABSSSI are bacterial infections of skin and associated soft tissues, such as loose connective tissue and mucous membranes. ABSSSI are common and encompass a variety of disease presentations and degrees of severity. The World Health Organization has identified the worldwide development of resistance to currently available antibacterial agents as one of the greatest threats to human health. In 2020, the estimated 
-3-
incidence of CABP in mainland China was approximately 10 million patients, and in 2015, the estimated incidence of ABSSSI in mainland China was 2.8 million patients. We launched the oral and IV formulations of NUZYRA in mainland China in 2021 for the treatment of adults with CABP and/or ABSSSI. NUZYRA was included in the NRDL for the treatment of adult patients with CABP and/or ABSSSI in January 2023 for its IV formulation and in January 2024 for its oral formulation. The NRDL listing for the IV formulation of NUZYRA for the treatment of adult patients with CABP and/or ABSSSI was renewed in January 2025.
NUZYRA is locally manufactured by CMOs in mainland China. We have an exclusive promotion agreement with Huizheng, a subsidiary of Hanhui, one of the leading pharmaceutical companies for antibiotics in mainland China, which allows us to use Hanhui’s existing infrastructure for sales of NUZYRA in mainland China.
OPTUNE (Tumor Treating Fields)

OPTUNE is a cancer therapy that uses electric fields tuned to specific frequencies to kill tumor cells via a variety of mechanisms. TTFields therapy is delivered through a portable medical device. The complete delivery system for OPTUNE includes a portable electric field generator, arrays, rechargeable batteries, and accessories. We have an exclusive license from NovoCure to develop and commercialize any TTFields products in Greater China in the field of oncology.  
Our primary market for OPTUNE is patients in mainland China with GBM, the most aggressive form of brain tumor. We estimate that there are more than 45,000 patients with GBM in China each year. We launched OPTUNE GIO in mainland China in 2020 for the treatment of patients with newly diagnosed GBM in combination with TMZ and as a monotherapy for the treatment of patients with recurrent GBM. We have also launched OPTUNE GIO for these GBM indications in Hong Kong, Taiwan, and Macau. Since launch, we have helped improve patient access to OPTUNE GIO in mainland China through supplemental insurance coverage. 
QINLOCK (Ripretinib)
QINLOCK is an orally administered switch-control TKI that broadly inhibits KIT and PDGFRα tyrosine kinases, including wild-type and forms with multiple primary and secondary mutations. Switch-control tyrosine kinases KIT and PDGFRα regulate kinase activity through a main activation switch and an auxiliary inhibitory switch that control kinase conformation in either an “on” or “off” position. Oncogenic kinase mutations predominantly function by disrupting one or more regulatory switch mechanisms, leading to dysregulated function and loss of normal, physiologic conformational control. Blocking the switch pocket region and the activation switch region locks KIT and PDGFRα kinases in an inactive conformation by a dual mechanism of action that provides broad inhibition of KIT and PDGFRα kinase activity thereby preventing downstream signaling and cell proliferation. We have an exclusive license from Deciphera to develop and commercialize QINLOCK in Greater China.  
Our primary market for QINLOCK is patients with GIST in mainland China, where we believe QINLOCK is the standard of care. GISTs are the most common mesenchymal tumors of the gastrointestinal tract, accounting for about 0.1-3% of gastrointestinal tumors, with an estimated annual incidence of around 30,000 newly diagnosed patients per year in mainland China. We launched QINLOCK in mainland China in 2021 for the treatment of adult patients with advanced GIST who have received prior treatment with three or more kinase inhibitors, including imatinib, or 4L GIST. QINLOCK was first included in the NRDL for this indication in January 2023. The NRDL listing for this indication was renewed in January 2025. We have also launched QINLOCK for 4L GIST in Hong Kong, Taiwan, and Macau.
XACDURO (Sulbactam/Durlobactam or SUL-DUR)
XACDURO is a combination of a beta-lactam antibiotic (sulbactam) and a beta-lactamase inhibitor (durlobactam). We have an exclusive license from Entasis (now a wholly owned subsidiary of Innoviva) to develop and commercialize SUL-DUR in Asia Pacific. 
-4-
Our primary market for XACDURO is patients with HABP and VABP caused by ABC in mainland China. 
Acinetobacter 
belongs to a group of bacteria commonly found in the environment, such as soil and water. 
Acinetobacter baumannii
 accounts for most 
Acinetobacter
 infections in humans; the organism can cause infections in all organs, but bloodstream infection and pneumonia are most dangerous and associated with high mortality. In recent years, 
Acinetobacter baumannii
 has become multi-drug resistant. For carbapenem-resistant 
Acinetobacter baumannii
 infections, treatment options are extremely limited because remaining antibiotics are either toxic or of limited efficacy. In mainland China, 
Acinetobacter baumannii
 infections are often seen in the hospital setting. Based on the 2022 Annual Report of CARSS (China Antimicrobial Resistance Surveillance System), there were around 300,000 
Acinetobacter
 infections reported in mainland China in 2022. According to recent surveillance data from China, overall resistance of 
Acinetobacter baumannii
 to the carbapenem class of antibiotics is approximately 53%, with some provinces as high as 70%. We commercially launched XACDURO in mainland China in January 2025 for the treatment of adult patients with HABP and VABP caused by ABC.
In November 2024, we entered into a strategic collaboration with Pfizer that will allow us to leverage the industry-leading commercialization infrastructure of Pfizer’s affiliated companies in the anti-infective therapeutic area to support the early launch of XACDURO in mainland China. 
AUGTYRO (Repotrectinib)
AUGTYRO is a next-generation TKI that targets 
ROS1
 oncogenic fusions. We have an exclusive license from Turning Point (now a wholly owned subsidiary of BMS) to develop and commercialize repotrectinib in Greater China. 
Our primary market for AUGTYRO is patients with 
ROS1
+ NSCLC in mainland China. In China, there were approximately 1.1 million new cases of lung cancer in 2022. NSCLC accounts for approximately 85% of lung cancer, and approximately 70% of NSCLC is locally advanced or metastatic at initial diagnosis. 
ROS1
 rearrangements occur in approximately 2% of patients with advanced NSCLC. We launched AUGTYRO in mainland China in December 2024 for the treatment of adult patients with locally advanced or metastatic 
ROS1
+ NSCLC, and AUGTYRO was included in the NRDL for this indication in January 2025.
Our Pipeline of Product Candidates and R&D Activities
We believe research and development is important to our future growth and ability to remain competitive, and we are dedicated to discovering or licensing, and then developing and commercializing, innovative products that address significant unmet medical needs in Greater China and worldwide. 
We have a deep and differentiated pipeline of potential first-in-class / best-in-class products across our therapeutic areas. Our pipeline includes certain additional indications for our commercial products as well as new products for which we may seek regulatory approval and commercialization. Our pipeline includes both in-licensed assets as well as assets that we have internally developed. Our product candidates are in various stages of development, including several assets in late-stage development and various others in clinical and pre-clinical development.
We have assembled an integrated drug discovery and development team with extensive experience in discovery, translational medicine, and pre-clinical and clinical development in China and the United States that has been directly involved in the discovery and development of several innovative product candidates with global rights. We also supplement our internal capabilities through collaborations with commercial partners and external research partners, such as leading CROs and academic institutions, for the execution of our pre-clinical and clinical trials.
We will continue to evaluate the developmental possibilities of the programs in our pipeline. For example, our programs may have significant potential beyond those indications we are currently evaluating. We may in the future expand our research and development efforts to evaluate additional indications to those discussed below. In addition, we or our partners may decide to discontinue development of certain products based on a review of the competitive landscape and market opportunity or otherwise. For example, in the fourth quarter of 2023, we decided to discontinue our development of margetuximab and odronextamab, and we provided notice to terminate our related license agreements 
-5-
with MacroGenics and Regeneron in accordance with their terms, effective on May 14, 2024 and December 20, 2024, respectively.  
Global Pipeline
We are continuing to focus on expanding and advancing our global pipeline of innovative products through our internal discovery efforts and business development activities. Our innovative global pipeline includes ZL-1310, a potential first-in-class and best-in-class DLL3-targeted ADC for SCLC and other neuroendocrine tumors, for which we are conducting a Phase I study in extensive stage SCLC and initiating a Phase I study in neuroendocrine tumors; ZL-1102, a fully human V
H
 fragment that binds to IL-17, for which we are conducting a global Phase II study in chronic plaque psoriasis; ZL-1503, our internally developed IL-13/IL-31R bispecific antibody for atopic dermatitis and other immunologic diseases, for which we are completing IND-enabling studies; and ZL-6201, a novel potential first-in-class ADC targeting LRRC15 for the treatment of certain solid tumors, for which we are completing IND-enabling studies. We also have multiple other undisclosed IND-enabling assets, and we are targeting at least 1 new IND per year.
Regional Pipeline
We will also continue to advance and expand our regional pipeline through synergistic opportunities that help us further address significant unmet patient needs. The following table 
provides
 an overview of our key regional product candidates, including key indications we are evaluating for those products, their clinical stage and related studies in which we are participating, and our partners and potential 
geographic markets
:
Product
Description
Potential Indications and Clinical Stage (Studies)
Our Potential Markets
Partner
Oncology Pipeline
Bemarituzumab
Anti-FGFR2b antibody
1L Gastric/GEJ Cancer – Phase III (FORTITUDE-101 and FORTITUDE-102)
Greater China
Five Prime (now owned by Amgen)
Tumor Treating Fields
Portable device for delivery of electric fields
2L+ NSCLC – Phase III (LUNAR) 
Pancreatic Cancer – Phase III (PANOVA-3) 
Greater China
NovoCure
Tisotumab vedotin (TIVDAK)
Tissue Factor ADC
2L+ Cervical Cancer – Phase III   (innovaTV 301)
1L r/m Cervical Cancer - Phase II (innovaTV 205)
Greater China
Seagen (now owned by Pfizer)
Repotrectinib (AUGTYRO)
TKI targeting ROS1 oncogenic fusions
NTRK
+ Solid Tumors – Phase I/II (TRIDENT-1)
Greater China
Turning Point (now owned by BMS)
Immunology, Neuroscience, and Infectious Disease Pipeline
Efgartigimod (VYVGART, VYVGART Hytrulo, Pre-Filled Syringe)
FcRn blocker
TED – Phase III (UplighTED)
Myositis - Phase III (ALKIVIA)
sn-gMG - Phase III (ADAPT-SERON)
Ocular MG - Phase III (ADAPT-OCULUS)
LN - Phase II
Greater China
argenx
Xanomeline and Trospium Chloride (COBENFY, KarXT)
Combination of muscarinic receptor agonist and antimuscarinic agent 
Schizophrenia – Phase III (EMERGENT) 
ADP – Phase III (ADEPT-2 and ADEPT-3)
Greater China
Karuna (now owned by BMS)
The following sections include more information on significant product candidates in our oncology and immunology, neuroscience, and infectious disease pipelines. For more information on license agreements for our significant product candidates, see 
Overview of Significant License and Collaboration Agreements
; for more information on how we source our product candidates, see 
Manufacturing, Suppliers, and Quality Control
; and for information on 
-6-
risks related to our potential products and R&D activities, including clinical trials and reliance on third parties, see 
Risk Factors
.
Our Oncology Pipeline
ZL-1310 (DLL3 ADC)
ZL-1310 is a potential first-in-class and best-in-class next generation ADC targeting DLL3, an antigen that is overexpressed in many neuroendocrine tumors and is a validated therapeutic target for SCLC. ZL-1310 comprises a humanized anti-DLL3 monoclonal antibody linked to a novel camptothecin derivative (a topoisomerase 1 inhibitor) as its payload. The compound was designed with a novel ADC technology platform called TMALIN
®
, which leverages the tumor microenvironment to overcome challenges associated with first-generation ADC therapies, including off-target payload toxicity. We have an exclusive global license
 from MediLink to research, develop, manufacture, and commercialize ZL-1310
. 
We are evaluating ZL-1310 for the treatment of SCLC and other neuroendocrine tumors. ZL-1310 is currently in a Phase Ia/Ib global clinical trial for the treatment of patients with previously treated extensive stage SCLC after at least one prior platinum-based chemotherapy regime. 
In January 2025, the FDA granted orphan drug designation to ZL-1310 as a treatment for patients with SCLC. As a result of this designation, certain forms of financial assistance for development of ZL-1310 are available, and there is the potential, upon product approval, for the FDA to grant market exclusivity for a 7-year period. SCLC is one of the most aggressive and lethal solid tumors, accounting for around 15% of the approximately 2.5 million patients diagnosed with lung cancer worldwide each year. Two-thirds of all SCLC patients are diagnosed at extensive stage. The current median survival of patients with ES-SCLC is approximately twelve months following initial therapy, and the overall five-year survival rate is 5-10%.
Bemarituzumab
Bemarituzumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody (IgG1 isotype) specific to FGFR2b that is in clinical development as a targeted therapy for gastric and GEJ cancer patients whose tumors overexpress FGFR2b. We have an exclusive license from Five Prime (a company later acquired by Amgen) to develop and commercialize bemarituzumab in Greater China. 
We are evaluating bemarituzumab for the treatment of gastric and GEJ cancer. We are participating in the Greater China portion of the global Phase III 
FORTITUDE-101 study of bemarituzumab plus chemotherapy, versus placebo plus chemotherapy, in 1L gastric or GEJ cancer with FGFR2b overexpression. In addition, we are participating in the Greater China portion of the global Phase III FORTITUDE-102 study of bemarituzumab in combination with nivolumab and chemotherapy versus placebo in combination with nivolumab and chemotherapy in 1L gastric or GEJ cancer with FGFR2b overexpression. We estimate an annual incidence of around 95,000 1L gastric cancer patients with FGFR2b overexpression in China.
TIVDAK (Tisotumab Vedotin)
TIVDAK is an ADC composed of Genmab’s human monoclonal antibody directed against cell surface tissue factor and Seagen’s ADC technology that utilizes a protease-cleavable linker that covalently attaches MMAE to the antibody. MMAE disrupts the microtubule network of actively dividing cells, leading to cell cycle arrest and apoptotic cell death of actively dividing cells. In vitro, TIVDAK also mediates antibody-dependent cellular phagocytosis and antibody-dependent cellular cytotoxicity. We have an exclusive license
 from Seagen (a company later acquired by Pfizer) to develop and commercialize t
isotumab vedotin in Greater China. 
We are evaluating TIVDAK for the treatment of recurrent or metastatic cervical cancer with disease progression on or after chemotherapy. TIVDAK received full approval in the United States for this indication in April 2024 based on results from the global, randomized Phase III innovaTV 301 clinical trial, which met its primary endpoint of OS. The key 
-7-
secondary endpoints of investigator-assessed progression-free survival and objective response rate also demonstrated statistical significance. The safety profile of TIVDAK in innovaTV 301 was consistent with the known safety profile of TIVDAK as presented in the U.S. prescribing information, and no new safety signals were observed. In January 2025, we announced positive topline results from the China subpopulation of the innovaTV 301 study, which were consistent with those in the global population, and we intend to submit an NDA to the NMPA in the first quarter of 2025. We estimate that there are around 150,000 new cases of cervical cancer each year in China.
Additional Indications for OPTUNE (TTFields)
As discussed in 
Our Commercial Products and Operations
, we have an exclusive license from NovoCure to develop and commercialize any TTFields products in Greater China in the field of oncology, and we have commercially launched TTFields in Greater China for certain GBM indications. Significant additional indications for TTFields therapy that we are evaluating include solid tumor types in 2L+ NSCLC and 1L pancreatic cancer. 
•
2L+ NSCLC: 
We participated in the Greater China portion of the Phase III pivotal LUNAR trial, which was intended for patients who had recently been diagnosed with progression of NSCLC during or after platinum-based therapy. The Phase III LUNAR trial met its primary endpoint, demonstrating a statistically significant and clinically meaningful improvement in OS for patients with metastatic NSCLC after platinum-based therapies, and a profound OS benefit from TTFields therapy was demonstrated in the ICI subgroup. TTFields therapy was well tolerated with no added systemic toxicities and few grade 3 (and no grade 4 or 5) device-related adverse events. Lung cancer has the highest total incidence of any cancer in mainland China. According to the World Health Organization, the incidence of lung cancer in mainland China in 2022 was around 1.1 million cases. Lung cancer consists of NSCLC in approximately 85% of cases and SCLC in approximately 15% of cases. In October 2024, NovoCure announced that the FDA had approved TTFields therapy, under the brand name OPTUNE LUA, for concurrent use with PD-1/PD-L1 inhibitors or docetaxel, for the treatment of adult patients with metastatic NSCLC who have progressed on or after a platinum-based regimen. We are preparing a similar submission for this indication, with a goal to submit an MAA to the NMPA in the first half of 2025.
•
1L Pancreatic Cancer: 
We participated in the Greater China portion of the Phase III pivotal PANOVA-3 trial evaluating the efficacy of TTFields therapy administered concomitantly with gemcitabine and nab-paclitaxel as a 1L treatment for patients with unresectable, locally advanced pancreatic cancer. In December 2024, we and NovoCure announced that the PANOVA-3 trial met its primary endpoint, demonstrating a statistically significant improvement in mOS versus control group. According to the World Health Organization, pancreatic cancer was the eighth-leading cancer type in China in 2020. There are approximately 134,000 new cases of pancreatic cancer diagnosed each year in China. The current median survival of patients with metastatic pancreatic cancer is four to six months, and the five-year survival rate of pancreatic cancer is 7.2%. We expect to file for regulatory approval in China in the second half of 2025.
Additional Indication for AUGTYRO (Repotrectinib)
As discussed in 
Our Commercial Products and Operations
, we have an exclusive license from Turning Point (now a wholly owned subsidiary of BMS) to develop and commercialize repotrectinib in Greater China, and we have launched AUGTYRO in mainland China for 
ROS1+
 NSCLC.  
We are evaluating repotrectinib for the treatment of 
NTRK
+ solid tumors and are participating in the Greater China portion of the global Phase I/II TRIDENT-I study for the treatment of TKI-naïve and TKI-pretreated patients with 
NTRK
-positive advanced solid tumors. In August 2023, the NMPA granted BTD for repotrectinib for the treatment of patients with advanced solid tumors that have a NTRK gene fusion who have progressed following treatment with TRK TKIs. 
NTRK
+ is estimated to be an oncogenic driver in approximately 0.5% of patients with a variety of advanced solid tumors. 
In June 2024, BMS announced that, based on the results of the TRIDENT-1 trial, the FDA granted accelerated approval of AUGTYRO for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients 12 years of age and older with solid tumors that have a 
NTRK
 gene fusion, are locally advanced or metastatic, or where surgical resection is likely to result in severe 
-8-
morbidity. This indication was approved under accelerated approval based on overall response rate and duration of response, and continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trial. We plan to submit an sNDA to the NMPA for 
NTRK
+ solid tumors in the first half of 2025.
Our Immunology, Neuroscience, and Infectious Disease Pipeline
Additional Opportunities for Efgartigimod
As discussed in 
Our Commercial Products and Operations
, we have an exclusive license from argenx to develop and commercialize efgartigimod in Greater China, and in mainland China, we have launched VYVGART for the treatment of adult patients with gMG and VYVGART Hytrulo for gMG and CIDP. We are evaluating significant additional indications for efgartigimod SC and the pre-filled syringe, including for the treatment of thyroid eye disease, myositis, seronegative gMG, ocular MG, and lupus nephritis. 
•
TED: 
We are participating in the Greater China portion of the global registrational Phase III UplighTED study of efgartigimod for the treatment of TED. We estimate that there are around 1 million patients with moderate to severe TED in China.
•
Myositis:
 We are participating in the Greater China portion of the global registrational Phase II/III ALKIVIA study of efgartigimod for the treatment of idiopathic inflammatory myopathies, or myositis. We estimate that there are around 170,000 myositis patients diagnosed in China. 
•
sn-gMG:
 We are currently supporting enrollment in Greater China for the global registrational Phase III ADAPT-SERON study of efgartigimod for the treatment of sn-gMG. We estimate that there are around 25,000 patients diagnosed with sn-gMG in China.
•
Ocular MG:

We are currently supporting enrollment in Greater China for the global registrational Phase III ADAPT-OCULUS study of efgartigimod for the treatment of ocular MG. We estimate that there are around 44,000 patients diagnosed with ocular MG in China.
•
LN: 
We are currently conducting a Phase II POC study of efgartigimod for the treatment of LN in China. We estimate that there are around 320,000 patients diagnosed with LN in China.
KarXT (Xanomeline and Trospium Chloride)
KarXT is a combination of an oral M1/M4-preferring muscarinic acetylcholine receptor agonist and a peripheral acting antimuscarinic agent, which is in development for the treatment of psychiatric and neurological conditions, including schizophrenia and psychosis associated with Alzheimer
’
s Disease. KarXT preferentially stimulates muscarinic receptors implicated in these conditions, as opposed to current antipsychotic medicines, which mostly target dopamine or serotonin receptors. KarXT has the potential to represent a new class of treatment for schizophrenia and ADP based on its differentiated mechanism of action. We have an exclusive license from Karuna (a company later acquired by BMS) to develop, manufacture, and commercialize xanomeline and trospium chloride in Greater China.  
We are evaluating KarXT
 for the treatment of schizophrenia and ADP.
•
Schizophrenia:

In January 2025, the NMPA accepted the NDA for KarXT for the treatment of schizophrenia. The NDA submission was supported by data from the Phase I PK study, Phase III China study, the global Phase III EMERGENT-2 and EMERGENT-3 clinical trials, and long-term follow-up results. This follows FDA approval of KarXT, under the brand name COBENFY, for the treatment of schizophrenia in adults in September 2024. COBENFY does not have atypical antipsychotic class warnings and precautions and does not have a boxed warning.
 We estimate that there are more than 8 million people living with schizophrenia in China.
-9-
•
ADP: 
We are participating in the China portion of the global Phase III ADEPT-2 and ADEPT-3 trials in ADP. We estimate that around 8 million people are affected by Alzheimer
’
s disease in China and around 45% of these patients display psychotic symptoms. 
Overview of Significant License and Collaboration Agreements
We have entered into various license and collaboration agreements with third parties, such as biopharmaceutical companies with innovative products in our therapeutic areas and external research parties, for the development and commercialization of our products and product candidates. We are generally required to make upfront payments upon our entry into such agreements and milestone payments upon the achievement of certain development, regulatory, and sales-based milestones for the licensed products under these agreements as well as certain royalties at tiered percentage rates based on annual net sales of the licensed products in the licensed territories. For a discussion of aggregate potential payments under our license and collaboration arrangements, see 
Note 16
 and 
MD&A – License and Collaboration Arrangements
. 
These agreements may include intellectual property rights associated with the products or product candidates, including the responsibility for obtaining and maintaining patents as well as enforcement of those patents.
These agreements generally remain in effect, unless earlier terminated, until the expiration of the last-to-expire royalty term for the last licensed product. The royalty terms generally continue until the latest of: (i) the expiration of the last-to-expire valid claim with respect to licensed patent rights; (ii) the expiration of market or regulatory exclusivity; or (iii) a specified period of time, generally around ten years, after the date of the first commercial sale of the licensed product. These agreements also contain customary provisions for termination by either party, including in the event of a material breach by the other party that remains uncured; by us for convenience upon a specified notice period; for certain bankruptcy, insolvency, or other similar events; and by our partners upon challenge of their licensed patent rights. 
The following sections provide additional information on the license and collaboration arrangements for our commercial products and significant product candidates, such as the scope of the licensed products and licensed territories and any related supply arrangements. We have also entered into other license and collaboration arrangements that are not considered significant to our business at this time, such as because they relate to earlier stage assets. Such other license agreements may become material to our business in the future.
GSK (Niraparib)
In September 2016, we entered into a collaboration, development, and license agreement with Tesaro, a company later acquired by GSK, pursuant to which we obtained an exclusive sublicense under certain patents and know-how of GSK (including such patents and know-how licensed from Merck, Sharp & Dohme Corp., a subsidiary of Merck & Co., Inc., and AstraZeneca UK Limited) to develop, manufacture, and commercialize GSK’s proprietary PARP inhibitor, niraparib (ZEJULA), for the diagnosis and prevention of any human diseases or conditions (other than prostate cancer) in mainland China, Hong Kong, and Macau. We also obtained the right of first negotiation to obtain a license to develop and commercialize certain follow-on compounds of niraparib being developed by GSK in the licensed territory. Under the agreement, we agreed not to research, develop, or commercialize certain competing products, and we also granted GSK the right of first refusal to license certain immuno-oncology assets developed by us. In February 2018, we entered into an amendment with GSK that eliminated GSK’s option to co-market niraparib in the licensed territory. We will purchase ZEJULA from GSK for commercial use in Hong Kong. We are not otherwise obligated to purchase ZEJULA or other licensed products from GSK.
argenx (Efgartigimod)
In January 2021, we entered into a collaboration and license agreement with argenx, pursuant to which we obtained an exclusive license under certain patents and know-how of argenx to develop and commercialize products containing efgartigimod (including VYVGART and VYVGART Hytrulo) as an active ingredient in all human and animal uses for 
-10-
any preventative or therapeutic indications in Greater China. Under the terms of the agreement, we are responsible for recruiting patients in Greater China to argenx’s global registrational trials for the development of efgartigimod. We will purchase the licensed products exclusively from argenx.
Novo Holdings (Omadacycline)
In April 2017, we entered into a license and collaboration agreement with Paratek (which was subsequently acquired by Gurnet Point Capital and Novo Holdings A/S), pursuant to which we obtained both an exclusive license under certain patents and know-how of Paratek and an exclusive sub-license under certain intellectual property that Paratek licensed from Tufts University to develop, manufacture, and commercialize products containing omadacycline (NUZYRA) as an active ingredient in the field of all human therapeutic and preventative uses other than biodefense in Greater China. Under certain circumstances, our exclusive sub-license to certain intellectual property Paratek licensed from Tufts University may be converted to a non-exclusive license if Paratek’s exclusive license from Tufts University is converted to a non-exclusive license under the Tufts Agreement. We also obtained the right of first negotiation to be Paratek’s partner to develop certain derivatives or modifications of omadacycline in our licensed territory. Paratek retains the right to manufacture the licensed products in our licensed territory to support development and commercialization of the same outside of our licensed territory. We also granted Paratek a non-exclusive license to certain of our intellectual property. Under the agreement, we agreed not to commercialize certain competing products in our licensed territory. 
NovoCure (Tumor Treating Fields)
In September 2018, we entered into a license and collaboration agreement with NovoCure, pursuant to which we obtained an exclusive license under certain patents and know-how of NovoCure to develop and commercialize any Tumor Treating Fields (OPTUNE) products in all human therapeutic and preventative uses in the field of oncology in Greater China. We will purchase the licensed products exclusively from NovoCure. 
Deciphera (Ripretinib)
In June 2019, we entered into a license agreement with Deciphera, pursuant to which we obtained an exclusive license under certain patents and know-how of Deciphera to develop and commercialize products containing ripretinib (QINLOCK) in the field of prevention, prophylaxis, treatment, cure, or amelioration of any disease or medical condition in humans in Greater China. We will purchase the licensed products exclusively from Deciphera.
Innoviva (Sulbactam-Durlobactam)
In April 2018, we entered into a license and collaboration agreement with Entasis (now a wholly owned subsidiary of Innoviva), pursuant to which we obtained an exclusive license under certain patents and know-how of Entasis to develop and commercialize Entasis’s proprietary compounds, durlobactam with sulbactam (the combination, SUL-DUR also known as XACDURO) with the possibility of developing and commercializing a combination of such compounds with imipenem in all human diagnostic, prophylactic and therapeutic uses in Greater China, Korea, Vietnam, Thailand, Cambodia, Laos, Malaysia, Indonesia, the Philippines, Singapore, Australia, New Zealand, and Japan. We will purchase the licensed products exclusively from Innoviva.
Pursuant to the terms of the agreement, we are responsible for (i) developing and commercializing the licensed products in the territory under a mutually agreed development plan; and (ii) providing Entasis (or its CRO) with clinical and financial support in the territory for the global pivotal Phase III ATTACK clinical trial of SUL-DUR as set forth in mutually agreed development plans. We are also responsible for a portion of the costs of the global pivotal Phase III ATTACK clinical trial of SUL-DUR outside of the licensed territory. 
BMS (Repotrectinib)
In July 2020, we entered into an exclusive license agreement with Turning Point (a company later acquired by BMS) pursuant to which we obtained an exclusive license to develop and commercialize products containing repotrectinib 
-11-
(AUGTYRO) as an active ingredient in all human therapeutic indications in Greater China. We will purchase the licensed products exclusively from BMS.  
Amgen (Bemarituzumab)
In December 2017, we entered into a license and collaboration agreement with Five Prime (a company later acquired by Amgen), pursuant to which we obtained an exclusive license under certain patents and know-how of Five Prime to develop and commercialize products containing Five Prime’s proprietary afucosylated FGFR2b antibody known as bemarituzumab (FPA144) as an active ingredient in the treatment or prevention of any disease or condition in humans in Greater China. We will purchase the licensed products exclusively from Amgen.
Pursuant to the terms of the agreement, we are responsible for (i) developing and commercializing licensed products under a territory development plan; and (ii) performing certain development activities to support global development and registration of licensed products, including the bemarituzumab FPA144-004 Study in the licensed territory under a global development plan. If we enroll and treat a specified number of patients in the bemarituzumab FPA144-004 Study in mainland China, we will be eligible to receive a low single-digit percentage quarterly royalty on annual net sales of the licensed products outside of the licensed territory until the tenth anniversary of the first commercial sale of each such licensed product outside of the licensed territory. 
Pfizer (Tisotumab Vedotin)
In 
September 2022, 
we entered into a collaboration and license agreement with Seagen (a company later acquired by Pfizer), pursuant to which we obtained an exclusive license to develop and commercialize tisotumab vedotin (TIVDAK) in Greater China. We will purchase the licensed products exclusively from Pfizer.
BMS (Xanomeline and Trospium Chloride)
In November 2021, we entered into a license agreement with Karuna (a company later acquired by BMS), pursuant to which we agreed to collaboratively develop xanomeline and trospium chloride (KarXT) in Greater China. Under the agreement, we obtained an exclusive license to develop, manufacture, and commercialize xanomeline and trospium chloride in Greater China. 
MediLink (DLL3 ADC)
In April 2023, we entered into a license agreement with MediLink, pursuant to which we obtained an exclusive global license to research, develop, manufacture, and commercialize MediLink’s proprietary ADC targeting DLL3.
Intellectual Property
Our commercial success depends, in part, on our ability to obtain and maintain proprietary protection for our know-how and innovation pertaining to our commercial products and product candidates as well as our core technologies; to operate without infringing, misappropriating, or otherwise violating the proprietary rights of others; and to prevent others from infringing, misappropriating, or otherwise violating our proprietary rights. We expect that we will seek to protect our commercial products, product candidates, and core technologies, among other methods, licensing or procuring patent rights to inventions that are important to the development and implementation of our business; relying on trade secrets, know-how, and confidential agreements with third parties; and relying on continuing technological innovation. 
Patents
Patent rights are important in our industry to protect innovation pertaining to our commercial products, product candidates, and technologies. We hold patent rights to our commercial products, product candidates, and technologies, in part, through our licenses or other agreements. For our internally developed product candidates, we consider on a case-by-
-12-
case basis whether to procure patent rights to protect certain innovation pertaining to our commercial products, product candidates and technologies. 
As with other biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies, our ability to protect our commercial products, product candidates, and technologies will depend, in part, on our success in obtaining and maintaining effective patent rights. For more information regarding the risks related to our intellectual property, see 
Risk Factors 
– 
Risks Related to Intellectual Property
. 
The term of a patent depends upon the laws of the country in which it is issued. In most jurisdictions that we principally operate in, a patent term is 20 years from the earliest filing date of a non-provisional patent application. The laws of each jurisdiction vary, and patent term adjustment or patent term extension may not be available in any or all jurisdictions in which we hold rights. For information on intellectual property included in our license and collaboration agreements for our commercial products, see 
Overview of Significant Licensed and Collaboration Arrangements
.
Trade Secrets
We also rely upon trade secrets, know-how, and continuing technological innovation to develop and maintain our competitive position. Such trade secrets and know-how can be difficult to protect. We seek to protect our proprietary information, in part, by executing confidentiality agreements with our partners, collaborators, scientific advisors, employees, consultants, and other third parties. These confidentiality agreements are designed to protect our proprietary information and generally include clauses requiring assignment of inventions to us to grant us ownership of technologies that are developed through our relationship with the respective counterparty. Such agreements may not provide adequate protection of our proprietary information. If any of the parties we contract with in this manner breaches or violates the terms of any such agreement or otherwise discloses our proprietary information, we may lose our competitive position and ability to protect such proprietary information (e.g., trade secrets). For more information regarding the risks related to our trade secrets, see 
Risk Factors 
– 
Risks Related to Intellectual Property – If we are unable to maintain the confidentiality of our trade secrets, our business and competitive position may be harmed
. 
Trademarks and Domain Names
We conduct our business using trademarks with various forms of the “ZAI LAB” and “
再鼎医药
” brands, as well as domain names incorporating some or all of these trademarks. 
Government Regulation
Chinese Government Regulation of Pharmaceutical Product Development, Approval, and Marketing
Since mainland China’s entry into the World Trade Organization in 2001, the Chinese government has made significant efforts to standardize regulations, develop its pharmaceutical regulatory system and strengthen intellectual property protection. 
The Drug Administration Law and related implementing measures established the legal framework for the administration of pharmaceutical products, including the development and manufacturing of new drugs and the medicinal preparations by medical institutions. The Drug Administration Law also regulates the distribution, packaging, labels and advertisements of pharmaceutical products in mainland China. These rules are highly complex and require significant resources, time, and expense for compliance. 
Clinical Trials

Clinical trials conducted both within and outside of mainland China, and the data derived from those trials, may be used to obtain marketing approval in mainland China, subject to various rules and regulations, including the regulations for the use of patients’ human genetic resources and derived data. We participate in clinical trials in multiple geographic 
-13-
locations, and compliance with the complex regulations applicable to the conduct of such trials and the use of data derived therefrom is critical to our ability to obtain approval for our products in mainland China and in our other markets.
Clinical trials on investigational products must be approved by the relevant authorities before their commencement. Following approval of a CTA approval, the applicant (i.e., sponsor) generally conducts the clinical trial at one or more institutions, subject to rules and regulations governing good practices associated with such clinical trial. 
With certain governmental approvals, companies may simultaneously perform clinical trials in different centers using the same clinical trial protocol through International Multi-Center Clinical Trials in China. Where the applicant plans to make use of the data derived from the IMCCTs, such IMCCTs shall satisfy certain requirements, including on-site inspections by Chinese regulatory authorities, in addition to other applicable regulatory requirements. IMCCTs are required to adhere to certain principles and ethical requirements and are subject to governmental supervision and disclosure requirements. 
Trial sponsors may also use the data of foreign clinical trials to support marketing authorization in mainland China, provided that sponsors satisfy the authenticity, completeness, accuracy, and traceability requirements, and that such data is obtained in accordance with the relevant principles and ethics requirements applicable to IMCCTs. Clinical trial sponsors must be attentive to potentially meaningful ethnic differences in the subject population. 
In addition, investigational products approved outside of mainland China may be approved in mainland China on a conditional basis without pre-approval clinical trials being conducted in mainland China. Applicants are required to establish a risk mitigation plan and may be required to complete post-approval trials in mainland China. 
Marketing
We must obtain approval of marketing authorizations before our products can be manufactured and sold in the mainland China market. An applicant may submit an application for marketing authorization to relevant governmental authorities. The NMPA, which monitors and supervises the administration of pharmaceutical products, medical appliances and equipment, and cosmetics, then determines whether to approve the application following a technical review process. Accelerated review and approval procedures are available for certain types of innovative products, such as products with distinctive clinical benefits, which have not been sold within or outside mainland China, and products using advanced technology, innovative treatment methods, or distinctive treatment advantages, and in cases of public health emergency.
Domestic pharmaceutical and medical research and development institutions and individuals are eligible to hold marketing authorizations without having to become manufacturers. The marketing authorization holder is responsible for their products throughout the life cycle, including nonclinical studies, clinical trials, production and distribution, post-market studies, and the monitoring, reporting, and handling of adverse reactions in connection with pharmaceuticals. The marketing authorization holders may engage contract manufacturers for manufacturing and distribution, subject to certain requirements. We serve as the marketing authorization holder and thus have primary regulatory responsibility for the development and approval of certain of our products in China.
Drug Manufacturing Operations
To manufacture pharmaceutical products in mainland China, a pharmaceutical manufacturing enterprise must first obtain a Pharmaceutical Manufacturing Permit issued by the relevant provincial medical products administration where the enterprise is located, which is effective for five years. The grant of such license is subject to annual inspection of the manufacturing facilities, production premises and facilities, equipment, hygiene conditions, production management, quality controls, product operation, raw material management, maintenance of sales records, and management of customer complaints and adverse event reports. 
Pharmaceutical Distribution
To distribute pharmaceutical products in mainland China, including wholesale and retail distribution, a pharmaceutical distribution enterprise must first obtain a Pharmaceutical Distribution Permit, which is effective for five 
-14-
years. Any enterprise holding a Pharmaceutical Distribution Permit is subject to periodic review and inspection by the relevant regulatory authorities. Additional rules and regulations govern the process of procurement, storage, sales, and transportation. 
Coverage and Reimbursement 
Historically, most Chinese healthcare costs had been borne by patients out-of-pocket, which had limited the growth of more expensive pharmaceutical products. However, in recent years, the number of people covered by government and private insurance has increased. According to the NHSA, as of December 2023, approximately 1.33 billion residents in mainland China were enrolled in the Basic Medical Insurance scheme, representing a coverage rate of above 95% of the total population. 
Under the applicable regulations, expenses of drugs listed in the Basic Medical Insurance Catalog, typically known in the industry as the “NRDL”, will be paid in full or part from the basic medical insurance fund in accordance with applicable provisions, and the drugs with the same generic names as those specified in the Basic Medical Insurance Catalog will be automatically regulated by the Basic Medical Insurance Catalog and shall also be eligible for the reimbursement by the basic medical insurance fund. The Chinese Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security, together with other government authorities, have the power to determine the medicines included in the NRDL. Admission to the NRDL depends on a number of factors, including on-market experience, scale of patient adoption, physician endorsement, cost effectiveness, and budget impact. Patients purchasing medicines included in the NRDL are entitled to reimbursement of the entire amount or a certain percentage of the purchase price. We currently have five products included in the NRDL: ZEJULA for certain ovarian cancer indications, VYVGART for gMG, NUZYRA for CABP and/or ABSSSI, QINLOCK for 4L GIST, and AUGTYRO for 
ROS1
+ NSCLC. 
In addition to the NRDL, there is an evolving medical insurance system that makes innovative drugs more affordable and available to the Chinese population, which offers greater opportunities to drug manufacturers that focus on the research and development of innovative drugs, such as higher-cost cancer therapeutics. This system includes commercial health insurance and various forms of supplementary insurance. We have focused on increasing insurance coverage in the private-pay market for certain of our commercial products and indications, including OPTUNE for GBM. 
Inclusion in the NRDL and supplemental insurance coverage can significantly increase the reach and visibility of, and potential market for, our products, and we continue to devote significant resources to increasing access to our products through NRDL listing and/or supplemental insurance coverage, which efforts may not be successful on our desired timeline or at all.
Price Negotiations

The Chinese government has initiated several rounds of price negotiations with manufacturers of patented drugs, drugs with an exclusive source of supply, and oncology drugs since 2016. Once the government agreed with the drug manufacturers on the supply prices, the drugs would be automatically listed in the NRDL and qualified for public hospital purchase. In 2024, the average price reduction of the 117 drugs participating in price reductions was 63%; and in 2023, the average price reduction of the 121 drugs participating in price negotiations was 61.7%. 
Regulations Impacting Purchases of Pharmaceutical Products by Medical Institutions
Applicable regulations set forth rules for the tender process and negotiations of the prices of drugs, operational procedures, a code of conduct, and standards or measures of evaluating bids and negotiating prices for public hospitals in mainland China. Under the rules and related guidance, certain not-for-profit medical institutions owned by the government shall purchase pharmaceutical products by online centralized procurement. The centralized tender process takes the form of public tender operated and organized by provincial or municipal government agencies. Only pharmaceuticals that have won in the centralized tender process may be purchased by public medical institutions funded by the governmental or state-owned or -controlled enterprise in the relevant region. While participation in this process can 
-15-
increase the reach and acceptance of our products, it can also result in significant negotiated reductions in the price paid for the products by hospitals or consortiums of hospitals bidding as a group.
In addition, under the “two-invoice system,” there cannot be more than two invoices issued for drug products supplied by manufacturers to public hospitals. To meet this requirement, many drug manufacturers have reduced the tiers of distributors, or converted drug distributors into contracted service organizations. As a result, the system significantly limits the options for companies like us to use multiple distributors to reach a larger geographic area in mainland China. The reduction in distribution tiers resulted in a decrease in distribution mark-ups and an accompanying reduction in prices paid by public hospitals. Compliance with the two-invoice system is a prerequisite for pharmaceutical companies to participate in the tender and procurement processes of public hospitals, which currently provide most of Chinese healthcare services. Manufacturers and distributors that fail to implement the two-invoice system may lose their qualifications to participate in the tender and procurement process and may also be blacklisted from engaging in drug sales to public hospitals. The two-invoice system has been implemented in all provinces, each with its own regional implementation rules. 
Regulation of Pharmaceutical Product Development and Approval Outside of China
In the United States, the FDA regulates drugs and biological products under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, the Public Health Service Act, and their implementing regulations. Drugs and biologics are also subject to other federal, state, and local statutes and regulations in the United States as well as laws, regulations, and rules in other applicable jurisdictions outside of mainland China. The process of obtaining marketing approvals and the subsequent compliance with applicable laws, regulations, and rules may require the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources. While we do not currently market our products outside of Greater China, we have certain pre-clinical and early-stage clinical products that are undergoing or will undergo testing in the United States and other jurisdictions, and we may in the future seek approval to commercialize our products in the United States and such other jurisdictions. As our business and the number of products we have in the trial and commercial stage grow, we expect that pharmaceutical laws and regulations in the United States and other jurisdictions will have a greater impact on us. Further, U.S. and other pharmaceutical regulations could impact the availability, reputation, and consumer acceptance of the products that we market and sell in our current markets.
Other Significant Regulations Affecting Our Business Activities in Mainland China 
We are subject to additional regulations that apply broadly to companies doing business in mainland China, including those described below.
Data Privacy and Data Protection
: Since our subsidiaries located in mainland China operate computer networks as part of their normal operations, we are required to comply with the requirements of mainland China’s cyber security, data protection, privacy, and data transfer laws and regulations. In addition, in the ordinary course of our business, we collect and store personal information, including personal information about our clinical trial subjects, customers, and employees in mainland China. We may need to share such personal information with our subsidiaries, licensors, partners, or contractors located outside of mainland China. Mainland China’s network and data protection regime is evolving, and we continue to face uncertainties as to whether our efforts to comply with these requirements will be sufficient. Although we develop and maintain compliance protocols and controls designed to maintain compliance with these requirements, development, implementation, improvement, and maintenance of these protocols and controls is costly and requires significant effort, resources, and time. In addition, in certain cases, our CROs, licensors, licensees, partners, contractors, and other third parties with which we do business are also required to comply with these laws, and our agreements with them require them to comply with these requirements, but there is a risk that they may not fully comply with them.
Foreign Investment
: Chinese laws and regulations govern the establishment, operation, and management of corporate entities in mainland China, as well as investment activities by foreign investors in mainland China. To comply with these rules, we must periodically submit certain information regarding our Company and certain investment information to relevant administrative authorities.
-16-
Competition Laws
: Under Chinese laws governing competition, commercial bribery is prohibited and subject to criminal liability. Further, under certain circumstances, a pharmaceutical company’s products may not be purchased by public medical institutions where that pharmaceutical company is involved in a criminal investigation or administrative proceedings related to bribery. These laws also protect “trade secrets,” meaning technical and business information that is unknown to the public that has utility and may create business interests or profits for its legal owners or holders and is maintained as a secret by its legal owners or holders. Unlawfully obtaining or disclosing trade secrets is prohibited. Additionally, a company whose concentration of business violates the anti-monopoly rules in mainland China may be subject to fines of up to 10% of the last year’s sales revenue, in addition to other remedial measures.
Product Liability
: In addition to the strict new drug approval process, certain Chinese laws have been promulgated to protect the rights of consumers and to strengthen the control of medical products in mainland China. Under current Chinese law, manufacturers, and vendors of defective products in mainland China may incur civil and liability for loss and injury caused by such products as well as revocation of business licenses.
Tort Law
: Under the PRC Civil Code, producers and sellers of defective products are required to take remedial measures such as the issuance of a warning, the recall of products, etc. in a timely manner, and may be held liable under tort law for any failure to do so, or to do so timely. 
Intellectual Property Rights
: Mainland China has comprehensive legislation governing intellectual property rights, including patents, trademarks, copyrights, and domain names. We hold patent rights from third parties for some of our programs as described in the 
Overview of Significant License and Collaboration Agreements
. Under certain of our agreements, we rely on third parties to file and prosecute patent applications, maintain patents, and otherwise protect the licensed intellectual property.
Labor Protection
: Under applicable rules in mainland China, employers must establish a comprehensive management system to protect the rights of their employees and ensure manufacturing safety, including a system governing occupational health and safety to provide employees with occupational training to prevent occupational injury, and employers are required to truthfully inform prospective employees of the job description, working conditions, location, occupational hazards, and status of safe production as well as remuneration and other conditions. Employers are also required to contribute, on behalf of their employees, to a number of social security funds, including funds for basic pension insurance, unemployment insurance, basic medical insurance, work-related injury insurance, and maternity insurance. Additionally, manufacturers of pharmaceutical products are required to establish production safety and labor protection measures in connection with the operation of their manufacturing equipment and manufacturing process. 
Regulations Relating to Foreign Exchange
: Approval from or registration with appropriate government authorities is required where RMB is to be converted into foreign currency and remitted out of mainland China to pay capital expenses such as repayment of foreign currency-denominated loans. For more information, see 
Dividends and Other Distributions
.
Regulations on Securities Offering and Listing Outside of China
: Laws in mainland China regulate overseas securities offering and listing activities by domestic companies. These regulations include the requirement to submit filing documents including the offering prospectus to the CSRC. Overseas offering and listing are prohibited under certain circumstances, including where (i) the offering and listing are expressly forbidden by applicable Chinese laws, regulations, and rules; (ii) the intended overseas securities offering and listing may endanger national security as reviewed and determined by competent authorities under the State Council; or (iii) there are material disputes with regard to the ownership of the equity held by the domestic company’s controlling shareholder or by other shareholders that are controlled by the controlling shareholder and/or actual controller. If domestic companies fail to fulfill the above-mentioned filing procedures or offer and list in an overseas market against the prohibited circumstances, they may be warned and fined up to RMB10 million. 
Rules for the Regulations on Supervision and Administration of Medical Devices
: Laws and regulations in mainland China govern certain aspects of the production, distribution, and clinical trials of medical devices, including 
-17-
reporting, establishment, and maintenance of quality management and quality control measures covering the distribution process, self-inspection, and ethics review.
Other Chinese National- and Provincial-Level Laws and Regulations
: We are subject to changing requirements under many other laws and regulations administered by governmental authorities at the national, provincial, and municipal levels, some of which are or may become applicable to our business. For example, regulations control the confidentiality of patients’ medical information and the circumstances under which patient medical information may be released for inclusion in our databases or by us to third parties. We are also subject to numerous additional national and provincial laws relating to matters such as safe working conditions, manufacturing practices, environmental protection, and fire hazard control.
Anti-Corruption Laws and Regulations
: We are subject to anti-corruption laws and rules in China and the United States, including the FCPA. These laws generally prohibit companies and their representatives from making improper payments to government officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business or to otherwise obtain favorable treatment or influence a person working in an official capacity. The health care professionals we regularly interact with may be considered government officials under Chinese anti-corruption laws or the FCPA. In 2023, Chinese authorities increased their anti-corruption enforcement efforts with respect to the health care sector.
Our Customers 
We rely on independent third-party distributors in Greater China to sell our commercial products, which is consistent with the pharmaceutical industry norm. This allows us to execute marketing strategies that are specifically tailored to each product and the geographic location of the hospitals located within the distribution territories of our customers across mainland China. Our five largest customers accounted for approximately 32.4% and 35.0% of our total product revenue in 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
We select distributors based on their business qualifications and distribution capabilities, such as distribution network coverage, quality, number of personnel, cash flow conditions, creditworthiness, logistics, compliance standard, past performance, and capacity for customer management. We offer rebates to our distributors, consistent with pharmaceutical industry practice. We retain no ownership control over the products sold to our distributors, and all significant risks (including inventory risks) and rewards associated with the products are generally transferred to our distributors upon delivery to and acceptance by the distributors. 
Manufacturing, Suppliers, and Quality Control 
As discussed below, we manufacture or source from third parties our commercial products, product candidates, and materials in accordance with the terms of our license and collaboration agreements. We have our own independent quality control system and devote significant attention to quality control for the designing, manufacturing, and testing of our commercial products and product candidates.
Our Manufacturing Facilities

We operate two manufacturing facilities in Suzhou, China, which support the commercial and clinical production of certain of our products and product candidates, including ZEJULA. 
•
We have a small molecule facility that manufactures ZEJULA. The oral solids production line is cGMP-compliant and is capable of performing the entire production process, including blending, granulation (i.e., wet granulation process, fluidized bed process, and roller compaction), tableting, coating, and packaging for oral solid drug products. The facility has capacity to produce up to 50 million units per year for oral solid dosage form. 
•
We have a large molecule facility for which we have successfully obtained permits and passed inspections to manufacture supplies for certain product candidates. The facility has a biological processing and formulation 
-18-
production line with an annual production capacity of up to 12 to 22 clinical batches, each batch for 200L or 1000L. 
Our two manufacturing facilities comply with both the PRC and PIC/S drug manufacturing standards. We procure our manufacturing equipment from leading domestic and international suppliers. 
We believe our two manufacturing facilities are sufficient to support our commercial and clinical needs and our business growth in the near term.   
CMOs
We have engaged a limited number of external CMOs to produce certain drug substances and products to meet pre-clinical, clinical, and commercial requirements of our products and product candidates. For example, we have obtained the necessary licenses and engaged CMOs to locally manufacture NUZYRA in mainland China. By outsourcing a portion of our manufacturing activities, we can increase our focus on core areas of competence such as product candidate development, commercialization, and research. 
We have adopted procedures to promote compliance by our CMOs with relevant regulatory requirements and internal guidelines with respect to production qualifications, facilities, and processes. When selecting our CMOs, we consider a number of factors, including their qualifications, relevant expertise, production capacity, geographic proximity, reputation, track record, product quality, reliability, and proposed terms for the production arrangement. Our CMOs provide services to us on a short-term and project-by-project basis. Our agreements with CMOs typically specify requirements, including product quality or service details, technical standards or methods, delivery terms, agreed price and payment, and product inspection and acceptance criteria. Our CMOs procure the necessary raw materials. 
Suppliers 
Our suppliers may consist of (i) third-party licensors from which we have licenses for commercial products and product candidates; (ii) suppliers of raw materials in our supply chain; and (iii) CROs to support our clinical trials. 
•
Licensors: 
We are dependent on some of our third-party partners for the manufacture and supply of certain of our commercial products and product candidates. For example, we source VYVGART and VYVGART Hytrulo from argenx, OPTUNE from NovoCure, QINLOCK from Deciphera, XACDURO from Innoviva, AUGTYRO from BMS, bemarituzumab from Amgen, and TIVDAK from Pfizer.
•
Other Suppliers: 
We are dependent on third parties for certain raw materials in our supply chain. For example, we obtain raw materials for our clinical trial activities from multiple suppliers who we believe have sufficient capacity to meet our demands. We also believe we would have access to adequate alternative sources for such supplies, if needed. We typically order raw materials and services on a purchase order basis and do not enter into long-term dedicated capacity or minimum supply arrangements. While we experience price fluctuations associated with our raw materials, we have not experienced material disruptions in the supply of our raw materials. We have suppliers in both China and the United States. 
•
CROs: 
We may depend on certain CROs to support our clinical trials.
Quality Control and Assurance
We have established a strict quality control system in accordance with NMPA regulations. We monitor our operations in real time throughout the entire production process, from inspection of raw and auxiliary materials to manufacture and delivery of finished products to clinical testing at hospitals. Our quality assurance team is also responsible for our compliance with applicable regulations, standards, and internal policies. Our senior management team is actively involved in setting quality policies and managing the internal and external quality performance of the Company.
-19-
For information on risks related to our manufacturing and commercialization activities as well as our reliance on third parties, including our third-party partners, CMOs, and suppliers, see 
Risk Factors
.
Competition
Competition in the biopharmaceutical industry is intense. There are many companies, including biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies, engaged in developing products for the approved indications of our commercial products and the therapeutic areas we are targeting with our research and development activities. Some of our competitors may have substantially greater financial, marketing, research and development, and other resources than we do. 
We believe that competition and leadership in the industry is based on managerial and technological excellence and innovation as well as established patent and other proprietary positions through research and development. The achievement of a leadership position also depends largely upon our ability to maximize the approval, acceptance, and use of our product candidates and the availability of adequate financial resources to fund facilities, equipment, personnel, clinical testing, manufacturing, and marketing. Another key aspect of remaining competitive in the industry is recruiting, motivating, and retaining global leaders and top talent to support our research, development, and commercial activities. 
Competition among approved products may be based, among other things, on patent position, product efficacy, safety, patient convenience, delivery devices, reliability, availability, reimbursement, and price. In addition, early entry of a new pharmaceutical product into the market may have important advantages in gaining product acceptance and market share. Accordingly, the relative speed with which we can develop products, complete the testing and approval process and supply commercial quantities of products can have a significant impact on our competitive position. 
The introduction of new products or technologies, including the development of new processes or technologies by competitors or new information about existing products or technologies, results in increased competition for, and pricing pressure on, our commercial products. The development of new or improved treatment options or standards of care in our therapeutic areas could reduce or eliminate the use of our products or may limit the utility and application of ongoing clinical trials for our product candidates. 
We also face increased competitive pressures from the introduction of generic versions, prodrugs and biosimilars of existing products and products approved under abbreviated regulatory pathways. Such products are likely to be sold at substantially lower prices than branded products, which may significantly reduce both the price that we are able to charge for our products and the volume of products we sell. In addition, in some markets, when a generic or biosimilar version of one of our products is commercialized, it may be automatically substituted for our product and significantly reduce our revenues in a short period of time. 
We believe our long-term competitive position depends upon our success in discovering and developing innovative, cost-effective products that serve unmet medical needs, along with our ability to manufacture products efficiently and to launch and market them effectively in a highly competitive environment. 
For information on significant risks we face from competition, see 
Risk Factors
.
Insurance
We maintain insurance policies that are required under Chinese laws and regulations as well as based on our assessment of our operational needs and industry practice. We maintain liability insurance for certain clinical trials, which covers the patient human clinical trial liabilities such as bodily injury, product liability insurance, general insurance policies covering property loss due to accidents or natural disasters, and D&O insurance. We do not maintain insurance to cover intellectual property infringement or misappropriation. 
-20-
Human Capital Resources 
Our employees are integral to our success, and we are committed to building and maintaining a strong and engaged workforce that is focused on delivering on our mission to become a leading global biopharmaceutical company and to positively impact human health in China and beyond. We seek to attract, retain, and motivate our employees through competitive compensation programs, professional development opportunities, and employee engagement. In evaluating our human capital management, we consider various factors, including employee performance, development, and our ability to recruit well qualified employees to support our business and operations. 
As of January 31, 2025, we had 1,869 full-time employees, of which 1,799 were located in Greater China. The number of full-time employees by function as of such date was as follows:
By Function
Number of
Employees
Research and Development
578
Commercial
1,090
Manufacturing
68
General and Administrative*
133
Total
1,869
* Includes finance, legal, human resources, information technology, and other general and administrative functions. 
Our management executive team is comprised of our CEO and her direct reports who, collectively, have management responsibility for our business. Our management team places significant focus and attention on matters concerning our human capital assets, with a focus on being an employer of choice as well as on diversity, employee capabilities and growth, and succession planning. 
The competition for top talent in our industry is intense. To help attract, motivate, and retain well qualified employees, we strive to provide competitive compensation programs and benefits, including cash compensation, stock-based compensation, and other benefits to support the financial, physical, and emotional health of our employees. For our employees in China, consistent with Chinese regulations, we participate in a housing fund and various employee social security plans that are organized by applicable local municipal and provincial governments, including housing, pension, medical, work-related injury, maternity, and unemployment benefit plans, under which we make contributions at specified percentages of the salaries of our employees. For our U.S.-based employees, we provide health and welfare benefits, paid parental leave, and retirement benefits in the form of certain matching contributions to tax-qualified 401(k) plans. 
We also provide professional development and training opportunities to our employees to help enhance their competencies and capabilities. These opportunities include formal and comprehensive company-level and department-level training for new employees followed by on-the-job training; periodic trainings to promote awareness and compliance with our policies and procedures; leadership development programs to cultivate leadership excellence; and cross-functional trainings to strengthen and reinforce employee collaborations across different functions, groups, and departments that work together to support our day-to-day operations. We have a performance management and talent development process through which managers provide regular feedback and coaching to develop employees. This process also helps the Company identify our pipeline of talent as well as areas in potential need of additional resources or support. We also engage our employees through employee resource groups, such as our women’s leadership community and local diversity, equity, and inclusion committees.  
We seek to bring together employees with different backgrounds and expertise while also creating an inclusive culture. We are proud of the diversity, skills, and achievements that our employees bring to our business from various parts of the world. In addition, we are committed to being an equal opportunity employer, where everyone is treated equally and respected, regardless of their gender, nationality, marital status, age, disability, or religious beliefs.   
-21-
Our worldwide teams are united by a common mission to improve human health. We strive to maintain a good working relationship with our employees. We are committed to encouraging a culture of open communication where employees can ask questions, raise concerns, and contribute creative solutions. Our management team routinely makes themselves available to all employees, including in regular town hall events that encourage open dialogue. None of our employees are represented by a labor union or covered by a collective bargaining agreement, and we have not experienced any material work stoppages or labor disputes. 
Risk Management 
We are committed to acting ethically, which includes identifying and responsibly managing risk. As a result, we have adopted a consolidated risk management methodology and program, which includes three lines of defense for risk management that identify, assess, evaluate, and monitor key risks associated with our strategic objectives on an on-going basis. We have also established a risk governance structure that includes oversight by the Board of Directors, the Audit Committee, and management. Management oversight includes a Risk Coordination Council that is comprised of leaders of governance and quality functions along with operational line leaders and serves as a forum to discuss and monitor risks across the organization as well as other regional, divisional, or functional risk management committees or working groups, as deemed appropriate. 
We conduct an annual enterprise risk assessment to identify our top tier risks and, based on that assessment, will develop an enterprise risk management strategy and plans to manage those risks. Our risk management strategy takes into account various factors including our corporate strategic goals and objectives, our risk tolerance levels and thresholds, and applicable legal and regulatory requirements. We also develop and implement risk strategies for new or evolving risks during the year, as deemed appropriate. Management discusses with the Board of Directors or the Audit Committee the results of its annual enterprise risk assessments as well as its enterprise risk management methodology and guidelines and key risk-related developments. 
The following provides additional information on our three lines of defense: 
•
First Line of Defense: 
Our business functions are

primarily responsible for identifying and evaluating risks in their areas of responsibility and for developing and implementing a risk management program, including appropriate controls and procedures, to monitor, manage, and communicate to management key information with respect to these risks. Such risk management program should be consistent with our corporate business objectives and should adhere to risk policies, controls, and guidelines established by management and the Board of Directors or Audit Committee, including risk tolerance levels. Our business functions are also responsible for monitoring ongoing risks in their areas and communicating to management, as appropriate.
•
Second Line of Defense:
 Our Legal and Ethics and Compliance functions oversee implementation of our enterprise risk management program and monitoring of business activities aligned with the risk outcomes identified during the annual risk assessment process. For example, our Chief Legal Officer is responsible for developing and updating our enterprise risk management program and targets; reviewing and approving management or mitigation plans for major risk management issues; overseeing implementation of risk management measures; providing guidance and support on our risk management approach to the relevant departments in the Company; and reporting to management, the Board of Directors, and the Audit Committee, as deemed appropriate. 
•
Third Line of Defense: 
Our Internal Audit function is responsible for evaluating the design, adequacy, operational effectiveness, and efficiency of our enterprise risk management program, including our risk governance structure, processes for enterprise risk identification and management, and risk control processes.
The following provides additional information on certain components of our risk governance structure:
•
Risk Coordination Council: 
The Risk Coordination Council, which is comprised of governance function leaders as well as business operations leaders, provides a forum to discuss and identify, monitor, and manage 
-22-
risks across the organization. Potential risks identified through this forum are escalated and managed at the functional line level and communicated directly to executive leadership and/or the Audit Committee, as deemed appropriate.
•
Audit Committee:
 The Audit Committee is responsible for assisting the Board of Directors in its oversight of the Company’s risk management and internal controls; the integrity of our financial statements; compliance with applicable legal and regulatory requirements; the qualifications, independence, and performance of our auditors; and our internal audit and compliance functions.
•
Board of Directors:
 The Board of Directors oversees the management of risks inherent in the operation of our business and the implementation of our business strategies and is responsible for overseeing our enterprise risk management and internal control system and reviewing its effectiveness. The Board of Directors performs its oversight role through several different levels of review. For example, management reports to the Board on our business strategies, operations, and corporate functions, and each of the Board’s Committees reports to the Board on the risks within their areas of responsibility.
Investment Risk Management 
To help meet our liquidity needs without significantly increasing our risk, we have an investment policy, which was approved by the Audit Committee and provides guidelines and specific instructions for the investment of our funds. Our investment strategy aims to minimize risks by reasonably and conservatively matching the maturities of the portfolio to anticipated operating cash needs. We make our investment decisions on a case-by-case basis after considering a number of factors, including, but not limited to, our cash flow levels, operational needs, and capital expenditures; the macro-economic environment; general market conditions; and the expected profit or potential loss of the investment. In accordance with our investment policy, we may engage in short-term investments with surplus cash on hand. Our investment portfolio primarily consists of time deposits. We are prohibited from investing in high-risk products, and proposed investments must not interfere with our business operations or capital expenditures. 
Dividends and Other Distributions
Zai Lab Limited is a holding company, and we may rely on dividends and other distributions on equity paid by our Chinese subsidiaries for our cash and financing requirements, including the funds necessary to pay dividends and other cash distributions to our shareholders or holders of our ADSs or to service any debt we may incur. If any of our Chinese subsidiaries incur debt on their own behalf in the future, the instruments governing such debt may restrict their ability to pay dividends to us. To date, there have not been any such dividends or other distributions from our Chinese subsidiaries to our subsidiaries located in or outside of mainland China. In addition, as of the date of this report, none of our subsidiaries have ever issued any dividends or distributions to us or their respective shareholders in or outside of mainland China, and neither Zai Lab Limited nor any of our subsidiaries has ever directly or indirectly paid dividends or made distributions to U.S. investors. Zai Lab (Shanghai) Co., Ltd., an operating subsidiary of ours that is domiciled in mainland China, received $466.5 million in capital contributions via 24 separate contributions from Zai Lab (Hong Kong) Limited, its sole shareholder, domiciled outside of mainland China, from 2014 to 2024 to fund its business operations in mainland China. Zai Lab International Trading (Shanghai) Co., Ltd., an operating subsidiary of ours that is domiciled in mainland China, received RMB1.0 million in capital contributions via contributions from Zai Lab (Shanghai) Co., Ltd., its sole shareholder, in 2019 to fund its business operations in mainland China. Zai Lab (Suzhou) Co., Ltd., an operating subsidiary of ours that is domiciled in mainland China, received RMB166.5 million in capital contributions via ten separate contributions from Zai Lab (Hong Kong) Limited, its sole shareholder, domiciled outside of mainland China, from 2015 to 2019 to fund its business operations in mainland China. Zai Lab Trading (Suzhou) Co., Ltd., an operating subsidiary of ours that is domiciled in mainland China, received RMB1.0 million in capital contributions via contributions from Zai Lab (Suzhou) Co., Ltd., its sole shareholder, in 2020 to fund its business operations in mainland China. Zai Biopharmaceutical (Suzhou) Co., Ltd., an operating subsidiary of ours that is domiciled in mainland China, received $15.0 million in capital contributions via four separate contributions from Zai Lab (Hong Kong) Limited, its sole 
-23-
shareholder, domiciled outside of mainland China, from 2017 to 2018 to fund its business operations in mainland China. In the future, cash proceeds raised from our overseas financing activities may be transferred by us to our Chinese subsidiaries via capital contributions, shareholder loans or intercompany loans. 
According to Chinese laws and regulations, our Chinese subsidiaries may pay dividends only out of their respective accumulated profits as determined in accordance with Chinese accounting standards and regulations. In addition, each of our Chinese subsidiaries is required to set aside at least 10% of its accumulated after-tax profits, if any, each year to fund a certain statutory reserve fund until the aggregate amount of such fund reaches 50% of its registered capital. Where the statutory reserve fund is insufficient to cover any loss the Chinese subsidiary incurred in the previous financial year, its current financial year’s accumulated after-tax profits shall first be used to cover the loss before any statutory reserve fund is drawn therefrom. Such statutory reserve funds and the accumulated after-tax profits that are used for covering the loss cannot be distributed to us as dividends. At their discretion, our Chinese subsidiaries may allocate a portion of their after-tax profits based on Chinese accounting standards to a discretionary reserve fund. 
Renminbi, or RMB, is not freely convertible into other currencies. As a result, any restriction on currency exchange may limit the ability of our Chinese subsidiaries to use their potential future RMB revenues to pay dividends to us. The Chinese government imposes controls on the convertibility of RMB into foreign currencies and, in certain cases, the remittance of currency out of mainland China. Shortages in availability of foreign currency may then restrict the ability of our Chinese subsidiaries to remit sufficient foreign currency to our offshore entities for those offshore entities to pay dividends or make other payments or otherwise to satisfy our foreign-currency-denominated obligations. RMB is currently convertible under the “current account,” which includes dividends and trade- and service-related foreign exchange transactions, but not under the “capital account,” which includes foreign direct investment and foreign debt (which may be denominated in foreign currency or RMB), including loans we may secure for our Chinese subsidiaries. Currently, our Chinese subsidiaries may purchase foreign currency for settlement of current account transactions, including payment of dividends to us, without the approval of the SAFE by complying with certain procedural requirements. However, the relevant Chinese governmental authorities may limit or eliminate our ability to purchase foreign currencies in the future for current account transactions. The Chinese government may continue to strengthen its capital controls, and additional restrictions and substantial vetting processes may be instituted by the SAFE for cross-border transactions falling under both the current account and the capital account. Any existing and future restrictions on currency exchange may limit our ability to utilize revenue generated in RMB to fund our business activities outside of mainland China or pay dividends in foreign currencies to holders of our securities. Foreign exchange transactions under the capital account remain subject to limitations and require approvals from, or registration with, the SAFE and other relevant Chinese governmental authorities. This could affect our ability to obtain foreign currency through debt or equity financing for our subsidiaries. See 
Risk Factors
 for a detailed discussion of the Chinese legal restrictions on the payment of dividends, our ability to transfer cash within the Company, and the potential for holders of our securities to be subject to Chinese taxes on dividends paid by us in the event we are deemed a Chinese resident enterprise for Chinese tax purposes. 
Available Information
We file reports and other information with the SEC and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. We make available on our website our annual reports on Form 10-K, our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, our current reports on Form 8-K, and all other SEC reports and amendments to those reports. Additionally, we make available on our website our securities filings with the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. We make this information available on our website free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file the information with, or furnish it to, the SEC and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, as applicable. 
We use our website as a means of disclosing material non-public information – including information on our products; business activities and partnerships; research; Trust for Life strategy, commitments, and reports; and other events and developments – and for complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. Our website address is www.zailaboratory.com. We do not incorporate the information on or accessible through our website into this report, and you should not consider any information on, or that can be accessed through, our website as part of this report. 
-24-