Item 3.
Legal Proceedings
31
Item 4.
Mine Safety Disclosures
31

PART II.

Item 5.
Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
32
Item 6.
[Reserved]
32
Item 7.
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
33
Item 7A.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
48
Item 8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
F-
1
Item 9.
Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
54
Item 9A.
Controls and Procedures
54
Item 9B.
Other Information
57
Item 9C.
Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections
57

PART III.

Item 10.
Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
58
Item 11.
Executive Compensation
58
Item 12.
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
58
Item 13.
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
58
Item 14.
Principal Accountant Fees and Services
58

PART IV.

Item 15.
Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules
59
Item 16.
Form 10-K Summary
61

Table of 
Contents
MARA HOLDINGS, INC.
As used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for our fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 (this “Annual Report”), the terms the “Company,” “MARA,” “we,” “our” and “us” refer to MARA Holdings, Inc. (f/k/a Marathon Digital Holdings, Inc.) and its subsidiaries, unless otherwise indicated.
CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
Some of the statements under “Business,” “Risk Factors,” “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and elsewhere in this Annual Report may contain forward-looking statements that reflect our current views with respect to, among other things, future events, results and financial performance, which are intended to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements provided by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.
These statements can be identified by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts, and you can often identify these forward-looking statements by the use of forward-looking words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “contemplate,” “continue,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “goal,” “intend,” “may,” “outlook,” “plan,” “potential,” “predict,” “project,” “seek,” “shall,” “should,” “strive,” “target,” “will” or the negative version of those words or other comparable words. Any forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report are based upon our historical performance and on our current plans, estimates and expectations in light of information currently available to us. The inclusion of this forward-looking information should not be regarded as a representation by us that the future plans, estimates or expectations contemplated by us will be achieved. Such forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties and assumptions relating to our operations, financial results, financial condition, business, prospects, growth strategy and liquidity. Accordingly, there are or will be important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those indicated in these statements. You should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements and should consider the factors discussed under “Risk Factors” in Part I, Item 1A herein.
The factors identified in Part I, Item 1A herein should not be construed as an exhaustive list of factors that could affect our future results and should be read in conjunction with the other cautionary statements that are included in this Annual Report. The forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report are made only as of the date of this Annual Report. We do not undertake any obligation to publicly update or review any forward-looking statement except as required by law, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise.
If one or more of these or other risks or uncertainties materialize, or if our underlying assumptions prove to be incorrect, our actual results may vary materially from what we may have expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. You should specifically consider the factors identified in this Annual Report that could cause actual results to differ before making an investment decision to purchase our common stock.
Furthermore, new risks and uncertainties arise from time to time, and it is impossible for us to predict those events or how they may affect us.
5
Table of 
Contents
PART I