Item 1. 
Business 
Our Company
Today, every business is a technology business. We help our clients accelerate their digital journey to modernize their businesses and maximize the value of technology. We serve these clients in North America; Europe, the Middle East and Africa (“EMEA”); and Asia-Pacific (“APAC”). As a Fortune 500-ranked solutions integrator, we enable secure, end-to-end digital transformation and meet the needs of our clients through a comprehensive portfolio of solutions, far-reaching partnerships and 36 years of broad IT expertise. We amplify our solutions and services with global scale, local expertise and our e-commerce experience, enabling our clients to realize their digital ambitions in multiple ways. 
The Company is organized in the following three operating segments, which are primarily defined by their related geographies:
Operating Segment*
Geography
Percent of 2024
Consolidated Net Sales
North America
United States and Canada
81%
EMEA
Europe, Middle East and Africa
16%
APAC
Asia-Pacific
3%
*
Additional detailed segment and geographic information can be found in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in Part II, Item 7 and in Note 19 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this report.
Insight began operations in Arizona in 1988, incorporated in Delaware in 1991 and completed its initial public offering in 1995. Our corporate headquarters are located in Chandler, Arizona. From our original location in the United States, we expanded nationwide and then entered Canada in 1997 and the United Kingdom in 1998. Through a combination of acquisitions and organic growth, we continued to increase our geographic coverage and expand our technical capabilities. Our acquisitions were as follows: 
Prior to 2019, we acquired Software Spectrum, Inc. (2006), Calence, LLC (2008), MINX Limited (2008), Ensynch, Inc. (2011), Inmac GmbH (2012), Micro Warehouse BV (2012), BlueMetal Architects, Inc. (2015), Ignia, Pty Ltd (2016), Datalink Corporation (2017), Caase Group B.V. (2017), and Cardinal Solutions Group, Inc. (2018).
Our acquisitions from 2019 through today included: 
•
2019 – PCM, Inc. (“PCM”), a provider of multi-vendor technology offerings, including hardware, software and services which complemented our supply chain expertise, adding scale and clients in the commercial space primarily in North America;
•
2020 – vNext SAS (“vNext”), a French digital consulting services and managed services provider, increasing our capacity to deliver consulting and implementation services to support clients’ digital transformation initiatives to our clients in EMEA; 
•
2022 - Hanu Software Solutions, Inc. and Hanu Software Solutions (India) Private Ltd. (collectively, "Hanu"), a global leading cloud technology services and solutions provider, which increased our capacity to provide cloud solutions to clients. Hanu also has a recruiting and development academy which expanded our technical expertise in India;
•
2023 - Amdaris Group Limited ("Amdaris"), a service provider with core expertise in providing software application and development services for clients, which added to 
3
INSIGHT ENTERPRISES, INC.
Insight’s global application and Data & AI practices. Amdaris also specializes in customized solutions for cloud, mobile, data analytics and web application development helping clients digitally transform faster; 
•
2023 - SADA Systems, LLC ("SADA"), a Google cloud service provider with engineering capabilities across the entire Google Cloud stack specializing in Google Cloud priority workloads. The SADA acquisition positioned Insight to further benefit from the growing trend of multicloud adoption and Gen AI, accelerating Insight’s progress toward its strategic objective of growing cloud services and solutions; and
•
2024 - Infocenter.io ("Infocenter"), is a leader in digital transformation, leveraging their deep expertise in ServiceNow’s comprehensive suite of capabilities. The Infocenter acquisition increases our relevance to our clients driving digital transformation in their organizations.
Our Purpose and Values
Our purpose: We accelerate digital transformation by unlocking the power of people and technology.  We live by our core values of hunger, heart and harmony, which guide how we act as an organization and as a team, capturing the essence of our culture, and reminding us of what we’ve promised to live up to every day.
Our core values are:
Hunger
 – We are change agents, driven to improve every day.
Heart
 – We are teammates. We take care of each other, our clients and our communities.
Harmony
 – We are a team of individuals who work well together, seek out unique perspectives and value differences and diversity.
We believe that these values strengthen the overall Insight experience for our clients, partners and teammates. We refer to our customers as “clients,” our suppliers as “partners” and our employees as “teammates”.
Our Market
The worldwide total addressable market for enterprise IT spend is forecasted to be $4.9 trillion by 2027 according to Gartner, a leading IT research and advisory company. We believe our addressable market represents approximately $780 billion in annual sales and for the year ended December 31, 2024, our net sales of $8.7 billion represented approximately 1% of that highly diverse market. We believe that we are well positioned in this highly fragmented global market with sales locations in 20 countries and our deep experience delivering IT solutions across the globe. 
Our Strategy
Our ambition is clear — we aspire to be the leading solutions integrator, setting the pace and defining a new category in our industry. Building upon the strong foundation of our traditional technology business, we bring innovative and scalable solutions — a combination of services and products — that accelerate transformation and produce meaningful outcomes for our clients. 
To achieve our ambition, teammates are focused on our strategic objectives — put clients first, deliver differentiation, champion our culture, and drive profitable growth.
Put Clients first 
Our primary goal is to put our clients first, becoming the partner they cannot live without, by delivering essential value for their technology transformation needs. We help our clients make the complex simple and look beyond the problems they are facing today to drive outcomes that energize future success. We help them modernize their business by offering solutions that 
4
INSIGHT ENTERPRISES, INC.
maximize the value of technology and enable secure, end-to-end transformation solutions and services.
Deliver differentiation

We deliver differentiation through our innovative and scalable solutions, exceptional technical talent and a compelling portfolio built on over 36 years of IT experience. Combined with thoughtful strategic acquisitions, differentiated expertise and deep partner relationships, we deliver a compelling client experience driving faster outcomes. Our simple and strong portfolio of offerings and our robust roster of technical experts and industry leaders help us deliver client value efficiently and with the accountability our clients expect. 
Champion our culture

We see our strong culture as a driver for growth. We are purpose-driven and values-led and are focused on championing our teammates to deliver exceptional client experience. We are building on this foundation, developing a culture of high performance, and continuing to push forward our culture of harmony, diversity and inclusion.

Drive profitable growth 
We relentlessly pursue high performance, operational excellence and profitable growth. We are transforming our sales capabilities and aligning our incentives to focus on our solutions portfolio. We continue to streamline our account coverage to match skills with client needs and propensity to buy services. We believe the key to our success is focusing on doing a finite number of things and doing them really well. This leads to successful outcomes with our clients and will drive profitable growth for our shareholders
.
Our Solutions Expertise
 We are differentiated in our ability to combine our expertise in technology integration with our technical services to create solutions that deliver meaningful client outcomes at scale. We adapt quickly to innovative technology trends such as Gen AI. We invest internally as well as through acquisitions to advance our technical capabilities and better serve the needs of our clients. We have strong solutions expertise in high growth areas of the IT market that allows us to drive digital transformation and business outcomes for our clients. Our most recent acquisitions of Amdaris, SADA and Infocenter enhance our areas of expertise and expand the capabilities of our services, creating the opportunity to deliver more value for our clients.  
We believe our key areas of solutions expertise are critical to our clients' success and to our identity as a solutions integrator: 
•
Hybrid Multicloud
•
Cybersecurity 
•
Data & Artificial Intelligence ("AI") 
•
Digital Workplace 
•
Intelligent Applications 
Each of the key areas of solutions expertise are described below: 
Hybrid Multicloud
 – Architect and modernize multicloud and networking solutions. 
Our hybrid multicloud solutions are about adopting and building modern platforms from edge to data center to cloud (multicloud and hybrid). We architect and deliver modern infrastructure solutions, provide management and support spanning multiple cloud and data center platforms, modern networks, and edge technologies, to enable our clients to digitally transform their businesses. Typical outcomes for our clients include scaling their infrastructure foundation for innovation, increasing workload agility, resiliency and flexibility, improving visibility and control of 
5
INSIGHT ENTERPRISES, INC.
data assets, delivering better user and customer experiences, and enabling purposeful digital transformation. 
Cybersecurity
 – Enhance resilience, mitigate risk and safeguard critical assets. 
Our cybersecurity solutions focus on automating and securely connecting modern platforms, including networks, security systems, and automation tools. We prioritize security in our architecture design and deployment for cloud services and IT transformations, enabling clients to integrate security seamlessly across platforms, business units, and operations.  Our expertise extends to managing essential security initiatives that protect businesses. We excel in threat protection, incident response, and compliance, offering rapid and effective incident response services to mitigate security breaches and minimize impact.  Our clients typically benefit from enhanced threat detection, streamlined security management, effective governance and compliance, improved risk management, and comprehensive responses to security incidents.  
Data and AI
 – Drive more value, faster, with integrated AI, data platforms and business intelligence. 
Insight’s data and AI solutions leverage our deep expertise in data readiness and both traditional and generative AI to help clients innovate and grow. We excel in planning, building, and optimizing modern data platforms and architectures, ensuring effective data analytics and AI solutions. We deliver strategic and secure solutions, enhanced through our intellectual property, that transform business operations and user experiences. Clients working with Insight benefit from rapid scalability, well-prepared data estates for Gen AI adoption, increased visibility and informed decision-making, optimized resources and costs, and new revenue opportunities. We are differentiated by our repeatable methodologies and agile, user-centric approach, which consistently enable clients to achieve their business goals and find greater value from their AI investments. 

Digital Workplace
 –

Create a productive, flexible and secure workplace. 
Our digital workplace solutions focus on helping clients navigate workplace changes and meeting employee needs for seamless work experiences. We offer a range of services, including endpoint management, identity and access controls, and organizational change management. Our solutions elevate employee and user experiences, increase return on workplace technology investments, enhance data protection, boost productivity and mobile capabilities, and simplify IT lifecycle management. Insight excels in providing excellent collaborative experiences through technology, leading through change, and enabling secure work from anywhere operations.   
Intelligent Applications

– Improve developer productivity and application scalability and maintenance with enhanced software quality and speed to market.
Our intelligent applications solutions address our clients' unique business challenges by transforming and modernizing applications. Our approach focuses on enhancing the developer experience, integrating applications seamlessly, and infusing AI to drive innovation. We help clients navigate the complexities of app modernization, ensuring their legacy systems are updated and optimized for today’s digital landscape. By leveraging our expertise, clients benefit from improved application performance, streamlined development processes, and cutting-edge AI capabilities that enhance functionality and user experience. We empower businesses to achieve greater efficiency, organizational agility, and competitive advantage through intelligent application solutions.
Our Solutions Mix
Our solutions generally include hardware, software and services, including cloud solutions.  On a consolidated basis, product (hardware and software) and services (including cloud solutions) represented approximately 81% and 19%, respectively, of our consolidated net sales in 2024. This compares to 83% and 17%, respectively, of our consolidated net sales in 2023 and 86% and 14%, respectively, of our consolidated net sales in 2022. On a consolidated basis, product (hardware and software) and services represented approximately 43% and 57%, respectively, of our gross profit in 2024. This compares to 46% and 54%, respectively, of our gross profit in 2023 and 51% and 49%, respectively, of our gross profit in 2022. Additional detailed sales mix information by 
6
INSIGHT ENTERPRISES, INC.
operating segment can be found in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in Part II, Item 7 and in Note 19 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this report. 
Our Competition
The IT industry is very fragmented and highly competitive. Our competition primarily includes:
•
Systems integrators and digital consultants such as ePlus, Presidio, World Wide Technology, EPAM, Accenture, Atos and Capgemini; and
•
Technology providers, value-added resellers and direct marketers such as CDW, Cognizant, Zones, Connection, SHI, Softchoice, Computacenter, Bechtle, and SoftwareONE.
The competitive landscape in the industry is continually changing as various companies expand their product and services offerings. In addition, the shift to digital business such as data analytics, edge computing, hybrid infrastructure, modern workplace, cybersecurity, and other similar service offerings, has led to the emergence of new competitive players and opportunities through emerging models like AI and X as-a-service. As with other areas, we compete with solutions providers, systems integrators, value-added resellers, and hyperscale vendors. We sometimes compete directly with publishers and manufacturer partners for many of these offerings, including Microsoft, Cisco Systems, Dell, HP Inc. and Adobe Systems. They sell products and services directly to business customers, particularly large enterprise and corporate customers.
For a discussion of risks associated with the actions of our competitors, see “Risk Factors – Risks related to Our Business, Operations and Industry – The IT hardware, software and services industry is intensely competitive, and actions of our competitors, including manufacturers and publishers of products we sell, can negatively affect our business,” in Part I, Item 1A of this report. 
Our Partners
We partner with market leaders offering the top technology brands as well as emerging entrants in the marketplace. During 2024, we purchased and resold products and software from over 6,000 partners. The majority (based on dollar volume) of these purchases were directly from manufacturers or software publishers, with the remaining balance purchased through distributors. Purchases from Microsoft and TD Synnex accounted for approximately 27% and 10%, respectively, of our aggregate purchases in 2024. No other partner accounted for more than 10% of purchases in 2024. Our top five partners as a group for 2024 were Microsoft, TD Synnex (a distributor),

Google, Cisco Systems and Ingram Micro (a distributor), and approximately 55% of our total purchases during 2024 came from this group of partners. Although brand names and individual products are important to our business, we believe that competitive sources of supply are available in substantially all of our product categories such that, with the exception of Microsoft, we are not dependent on any single partner for sourcing products. 
During 2024, sales of Microsoft and Cisco Systems products accounted for approximately 18% and 11% of our consolidated net sales, respectively. No other manufacturer’s or publisher’s products represented 10% or more of our consolidated net sales in 2024. Sales of product from our top five manufacturers/publishers as a group (Microsoft, Cisco Systems, Dell, HP Inc. and Lenovo) accounted for approximately 50% of our consolidated net sales during 2024. 
We obtain incentives from certain product manufacturers, software publishers and distribution partners based typically upon our volume of sales or purchases of their products and services. In other cases, such incentives may be in the form of participation in our partner programs, which may require specific services or activities with our clients, discounts, marketing funds, price protection or rebates. Manufacturers and publishers may also provide mailing lists, contacts or leads to us. We believe that these incentives (or partner funding) and other marketing assistance allow us to increase our marketing reach and strengthen our relationships with leading manufacturers and publishers. 
7
INSIGHT ENTERPRISES, INC.
We are always focused on understanding our partners’ changing objectives and developing plans and programs to grow our mutual businesses. We have invested in our digital marketing capabilities over the past few years and plan to continue investing in such capabilities moving forward. We believe these digital marketing investments increase the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns and client interactions. We believe we are emerging as a leader in our industry in digital marketing, striving to deliver an outstanding service experience to our clients. We implemented business intelligence tools that enable us to track performance in this area and demonstrate the return on our partners’ investments with us. We measure partner satisfaction regularly and hold quarterly business reviews with our largest partners to review business results, discuss plans for the future and obtain feedback. Additionally, we host annual partner forums in North America, EMEA and APAC to articulate our plans for the upcoming year.
As we move into new service areas, we may become even more reliant on certain partner relationships. For a discussion of risks associated with our reliance on partners, see “Risk Factors – Risks related to Our Business, Operations and Industry – We rely on our partners for product availability, competitive products to sell and marketing funds and purchasing incentives, which can and do change significantly in the amounts made available and the requirements year over year,” in Part I, Item 1A of this report.
Our Teammates
Successful execution of our business strategy and strategic initiatives involves attracting, developing and retaining teammates who share our core values of hunger, heart and harmony. We are shaping the future of work at Insight with a focus on (1) enhancing teammate engagement and culture, (2) attracting and developing top technical and strategic talent globally, (3) developing a high-performance culture, and (4) driving diversity programs that enhance teammate inclusion globally. 
Various ways that we attract, develop and retain qualified and motivated teammates include:
•
Insight offers robust leadership training for teammate managers and aspiring leaders. Our training is centered around our Leadership Commitments where we enhance our leaders' skills in the following areas: (1) Creating clarity; (2) Inspiring people; (3) Demonstrating thought leadership; and (4) Delivering results.
•
An important part of the Company’s culture is its commitment to diversity and inclusion. Insight supports eleven teammate resource groups, which represent various diverse groups of teammates and boast 1,600+ active members. 
•
Our leaders carefully review and monitor our annual Teammate Pulse Survey results and create action plans to increase teammate engagement. 
•
A charitable foundation funded by the Company, its teammates and its partners provides financial support in crisis situations to support impacted teammates and their families.
•
Insight offers teammates paid days off to either volunteer their time to charitable organizations in the communities where they live and work or to use for mental health.
Insight continues to receive recognitions that we believe demonstrate the success of our strategy to attract, develop, and retain qualified and motivated teammates. 
•
Insight was recognized in Forbes World’s Best Employers List (2024);
•
We were also named one of Forbes’ Best Large Employers for 2024;  
•
We achieved a perfect score on the Human Rights Campaign Foundation’s Corporate Equality Index and the Disability Equality Index (2023-2024); and
•
Additionally, we received numerous Great Place to Work recognitions globally.
8
INSIGHT ENTERPRISES, INC.
As of December 31, 2024, we employed 14,324 teammates. The number of teammates by operating segment were as follows: 
Operating Segment
Number of Teammates
North America
11,019
EMEA
2,809
APAC
496
Certain of our teammates provide services to clients and/or provide back-office support in offshore locations such as Armenia, India, Moldova, the Philippines, and Romania. These teammates are included in the above table on the basis of the primary operating segment for which they provide direct services or back office support.
Our teammates in the United States are not represented by a labor union. Our work forces in certain foreign countries, such as Germany, have worker representative committees or work councils with which we maintain strong relationships. We believe our relations with our teammates are good, and we have never experienced a labor related work stoppage. 
Our teammates by job function were as follows:
Job Function
Number of Teammates
Sales
3,722
Skilled, certified consulting and service delivery professionals
6,415
Total sales and client facing teammates
10,137
Management, support services and administration
3,705
Distribution
482
For a discussion of risks associated with our dependence on certain personnel, including sales personnel, see “Risk Factors – General Risk Factors – We depend on certain key personnel,” in Part I, Item 1A of this report.
Our Seasonality
We experience some seasonal trends in our net sales. For example:
•
software and certain cloud sales are typically higher in our second and fourth quarters;
•
business clients, particularly larger enterprise businesses in the United States, tend to spend more, particularly on product, in our fourth quarter; 
•
sales to the federal government in the United States are often stronger in our third quarter, while sales in the state and local government and education markets are also often stronger in our second quarter; and
•
sales to public sector clients in the United Kingdom are often stronger in our first quarter.
These trends create overall variability in our consolidated results.
Our Backlog
We do not believe that backlog as of any particular date is predictive of future results. Our backlog has fluctuated significantly in the past few years, primarily due to the mix of products available and our client's responses to supply chain constraints. The supply chain constraints that previously existed in recent years have largely normalized across all product categories.
9
INSIGHT ENTERPRISES, INC.
Our Intellectual Property
We do not maintain a traditional research and development group, but we recognize the importance of intellectual property and its ability to differentiate us from our competitors. As part of our business, we provide value to clients based, in part, on our technical innovations, methodologies, know-how, and other reusable proprietary assets that we protect through different forms of intellectual property protection, including trademarks, patents, copyrights, and trade secrets in the United States and select foreign jurisdictions where we believe it is appropriate to seek such legal protection. We also seek to maintain our trade secrets and confidential information by non-disclosure policies and agreements, with teammates, clients, partners, and other third parties. There can be no assurance, however, that the rights obtained can be successfully enforced against infringers in every jurisdiction. Although we believe the protection afforded by our trademarks, patents, copyrights and trade secrets has value, the rapidly changing technology in our industry and uncertainties in the legal process make our future success dependent primarily on the innovative skills, technological expertise, and management capabilities of our teammates. Our Insight brand is a valuable intangible asset that is protected using common law and registered trademark rights. We also license our intellectual property rights to third parties. We have registered our key domain names and brands in the United States and in certain relevant foreign jurisdictions, and, from time to time, filed patent applications for our qualifying technical solutions. Our intellectual property assets are important to us, and we continue to invest in their promotion and protection. 
For a discussion of risks associated with our intellectual property, see “Risk Factors – We may not be able to protect our intellectual property adequately, and we may be subject to intellectual property infringement claims,” in Part I, Item 1A of this report.
Our Information Technology Systems
We have committed significant resources to the digital systems that we develop, deploy and use to manage our business. Our success, in part, depends on our ability to provide prompt and efficient service and support to our clients based on the accuracy, quality and utilization of these systems. Because our digital systems and platforms impact our ability to manage our sales, client service, partner relationships, distribution, inventories, accounting systems and internal networks, we continue to mature our global cybersecurity, risk, and compliance programs with automation, additional skillsets, and an integrated tech platform.  
We are focused on driving improvements in sales productivity and client experience through increased innovation and enhancements to our customer-facing e-commerce, cloud and managed services platforms and internal systems with the goals of continuously improving client satisfaction, consistently attracting new clients and increasing overall business efficiency. 
We use a common set of core applications to run our business, across all operating segments. 
For a discussion of risks associated with our internal and customer-facing systems, see “Risk Factors – Risks related to Our Technology, Data and Intellectual Property – Disruptions in our systems and voice and data networks could affect our ability to service our clients and cause us to incur additional expenses,” in Part I, Item 1A of this report. 
Information about our Executive Officers
The following are our current executive officers:
Dee Burger
, President North America, 
Age 55
Mr. Burger joined Insight in May 2022 as President of the North America region.  Prior to joining Insight, Mr. Burger worked at Capgemini, a global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, for 29 years in a diverse range of roles. His responsibilities encompassed leading integration of mergers and acquisitions, digital and cloud solutions, business 
10
INSIGHT ENTERPRISES, INC.
applications, consulting, strategy, and transformation. Most recently, he led Capgemini's global business lines in the North America market, with prior leadership roles spanning business services and engineering, U.S. strategy and portfolio, consulting, and innovation and digital services.
Samuel C. Cowley
, General Counsel and Secretary, Age 64
Mr. Cowley joined Insight in June 2016 as our General Counsel. Prior to joining Insight, Mr. Cowley served as General Counsel and Vice President, Business Development of Prestige Brands Holdings, Inc., a company that markets and distributes over-the-counter healthcare products, as Executive Vice President, Business Development and General Counsel of Matrixx Initiatives, Inc. and Executive Vice President and General Counsel of Swift Transportation Co., Inc. Prior to that, he practiced law in the business and finance groups with the law firms of Snell & Wilmer and Reid & Priest.
Rachael A. Crump
, Chief Accounting Officer, Age 49
Ms. Crump joined Insight in December 2016 as Vice President of Finance, Controller – North America. She was appointed Principal Accounting Officer and Global Corporate Controller in September 2018, with her title being consolidated to Chief Accounting Officer in September 2023. Ms. Crump is a Certified Public Accountant. She began her career in public accounting in 1997 with Ernst & Young LLP. Ms. Crump has held controller positions with several public multinational companies in the software, medical services and semiconductor industries. Prior to joining Insight, Ms. Crump served as the Senior Director Controller, Global Accounting at Amkor Technology, Inc. a semiconductor product packaging and test services provider, from 2006 to 2016. 
Rob Green
, Chief Digital Officer, Age 57
Mr. Green was appointed Chief Digital Officer of Insight in December 2023. Mr. Green joined Insight in August 2021 as Senior Vice President, eCommerce and was appointed Senior Vice President, Digital Transformation in July 2023. Mr. Green had previously spent eight years in various roles with Amazon, an online retailer and web services provider, including as General Manager, Amazon Business Public Sector from December 2019 to June 2021 and General Manager, Amazon Business Marketplace from January 2016 to December 2019. Prior to joining Amazon, Mr. Green held various executive level roles at Oracle Corporation.
Adrian Gregory
, President – Insight EMEA, Age 51
Mr. Gregory joined Insight in January 2023 as President of the EMEA region. Prior to joining the Company, he served as Chief Executive Officer for North Europe and APAC at Atos, an IT services and consulting company. Prior to being named Chief Executive Officer in February of 2022, Mr. Gregory spent 10 years in various other executive positions at Atos, including serving as Senior Executive Vice President, Global Head of Financial Services & Insurance, where he led the integration of Atos Syntel in India and served as Chief Executive Officer of Atos UK and Ireland. Prior to Atos, he held roles at Hewlett-Packard Development Company, L.P., Fujitsu ICL, and Petroleum Shipping Ltd.
James A. Morgado
, Chief Financial Officer, Age 52
Mr. Morgado joined Insight in January 2022 as Senior Vice President of Finance and was promoted to Chief Financial Officer in January 2025. Prior to joining Insight, from November 2017 to December 2021, he served as the Vice President of Finance for Synopsys, Inc., an enterprise software engineering company focused on electronic design automation, where he was responsible for Corporate Planning, FP&A, Treasury, Procurement and Supply Chain Finance. Prior to Synopsys, Mr. Morgado worked for Juniper Networks, Inc., Cisco Systems, Inc., The Stephenz Group, Inc., Aramark Uniform Services, and Citigate Cunningham, Inc. in various leadership positions within Finance.
11
INSIGHT ENTERPRISES, INC.
Joyce A. Mullen
, President and Chief Executive Officer, Age 62
Ms. Mullen was appointed President and Chief Executive Officer and a director of Insight effective January 1, 2022.  Ms. Mullen joined Insight in October 2020 as our President of the North America Region. Prior to joining Insight, Ms. Mullen spent 21 years at Dell Technologies, a technology company, in a variety of sales, service delivery, and IT solutions leadership roles. Ms. Mullen also serves on the board of directors as well as the nominating and governance and compensation & human resources committees of The Toro Company. 
Jennifer Vasin
, Chief Human Resources Officer, Age 50
Ms. Vasin was appointed Chief Human Resources Officer of Insight in February 2022. Ms. Vasin joined Insight as a Director of Human Resources in April 2008 when Insight acquired Calence LLC, a professional services consulting firm where Ms. Vasin had served as a Leader of Human Resources since March 2002. Ms. Vasin was named a Vice President of Human Resources in February 2012 and Senior Vice President of Human Resources in January 2019. Prior to Calence, Ms. Vasin worked in the airline industry in a variety of roles, including human resources leadership positions. 
Available Information
Our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to such reports filed pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), proxy statements and the reports filed pursuant to Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act are available free of charge on our web site at www.insight.com, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file them with, or furnish them to, the SEC. The information contained on our web site is not included as a part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
The SEC also maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov.