Item 3. Legal proceedings
For information regarding legal proceedings in which we are involved, refer to Note 6—Commitments and contingencies to our financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
Item 4. Mine safety disclosures
Not applicable.
-28-
Table of Contents
Part II.
Item 5. Market for registrant's common equity, related stockholder matters and issuer purchases of equity securities
Market information
Our common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol "HQY."
Holders
As of March 11, 2025, there were 22 holders of record of our common stock. This stockholder figure does not include a substantially greater number of holders whose shares are held of record by banks, brokers, and other financial institutions. 
Dividend policy
We have no current plans to pay dividends on our common stock. Any decision to declare and pay dividends in the future will be made at the sole discretion of our board of directors and will depend on, among other things, our results of operations, cash requirements, financial condition, contractual restrictions, and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant.
Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
The following table presents information with respect to HealthEquity's repurchases of common stock during the three months ended January 31, 2025 (in thousands, except average price paid per share).
Period
Total number of shares purchased (1)
Average price paid per share (2)
Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs
Approximate dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased under the plans or programs
November 1 - 30
221
$
97.44 
221
$
218,502 
December 1 - 31
217
$
96.96 
217
$
197,503 
January 1 - 31
192
$
102.54 
192
$
177,780 
Total
630
630
(1)
Repurchases may be effected through open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise, including through Rule 10b5-1 plans. For additional information related to our stock repurchase program, see Note 10—Stockholders' equity to our financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K .
(2)
Average price paid per share includes costs associated with the repurchases.
-29-
Table of Contents
Performance graph
This performance graph shall not be deemed "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that section and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any of our filings under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 
The following graph compares the cumulative total return of our common stock with the total return of the NASDAQ Composite Index (the "NASDAQ Composite") and the Russell 2000 Index (the "Russell 2000") from January 31, 2020 through January 31, 2025. The chart assumes $100 was invested on January 31, 2020 in the common stock of HealthEquity, Inc., the NASDAQ Composite, and the Russell 2000, and assumes reinvestment of any dividends. The stock price performance on the following graph is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance. 
Unregistered sales of equity securities
None.
-30-
Table of Contents
Item 6. Reserved
Item 7. Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs, and involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results and the timing of certain events could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of several factors, including those discussed in the section titled “Risk factors” included under Part I, Item 1A and elsewhere in this report. See “Special note regarding forward-looking statements” on page 1 of this Annual Report.
Overview
We are a leader and an innovator in providing technology-enabled services that empower consumers to make healthcare saving and spending decisions. We use our innovative technology to manage consumers' tax-advantaged HSAs and other CDBs offered by employers, including FSAs and HRAs, and to administer COBRA, commuter and other benefits. As part of our services, we provide consumers with payment processing services, personalized benefit information, the ability to earn wellness incentives, and investment advice to grow their tax-advantaged healthcare savings.
The core of our offerings is the HSA, a financial account through which consumers spend and save long-term for healthcare expenses on a tax-advantaged basis. As of January 31, 2025, we administered 9.9 million HSAs, with balances totaling $32.1 billion, which we call HSA Assets, as well as 7.1 million complementary CDBs. We refer to the aggregate number of HSAs and other CDBs that we administer as Total Accounts, of which we had 17.0 million as of January 31, 2025.
We reach consumers primarily through relationships with their employers, which we call Clients. We reach Clients primarily through relationships with benefits brokers and advisors, integrated partnerships with a network of health plans, benefits administrators, benefits brokers and consultants, and retirement plan recordkeepers, which we call Network Partners, and a sales force that calls on Clients directly. As of January 31, 2025, our platforms were integrated with more than 200 Network Partners.
We have increased our share of the growing HSA market from 4% in December 2010 to 21% as of June 2024, measured by HSA Assets. According to the 2024 Midyear Devenir HSA Research Report, as of June 2024, we were the largest HSA provider by both accounts and HSA Assets. In addition, we believe we are the largest provider of other CDBs. We seek to differentiate ourselves through our service-driven culture, product breadth, ecosystem connectivity, and proprietary technology. Our proprietary technology allows us to help consumers optimize the value of their HSAs and other CDBs and gain confidence and skills in managing their healthcare costs as part of their financial security.
Our ability to assist consumers is enhanced by our capacity to securely share data in both directions with others in the health, benefits, and retirement ecosystems. Our commuter benefits offering also leverages connectivity to an ecosystem of mass transit, ride hailing, and parking providers.
We earn revenue primarily from three sources: service, custodial, and interchange. We earn service revenue mainly from fees paid by our Network Partners, Clients, and members for the administration services we provide in connection with the HSAs and other CDBs we offer. We earn custodial revenue primarily from HSA cash held by our federally insured bank and credit union partners, which we collectively call our Depository Partners, HSA cash held by our insurance company partners, and Client-held funds deposited with our Depository Partners. We earn interchange revenue mainly from fees paid by merchants on payments that our members make using our physical payment cards and on our virtual payment system. See “Key components of our results of operations” for additional information on our sources of revenue.
Recent acquisitions
HealthSavings HSA portfolio acquisition.     
In March 2022, we acquired the HealthSavings HSA portfolio, which consisted of $1.3 billion of HSA Assets held in approximately 87,000 HSAs in exchange for a purchase price of $60 million in cash.
-31-
Table of Contents
BenefitWallet HSA portfolio acquisition.     
In fiscal 2025, we acquired the BenefitWallet HSA portfolio, comprised of approximately 616,000 HSAs plus other accounts and $2.7 billion of HSA Assets, from Conduent for a purchase price of $425.0 million. We paid the purchase price using $225.0 million of borrowings under our revolving credit facility, with the remainder paid using cash on hand.
Key factors affecting our performance
We believe that our future performance will be driven by a number of factors, including those identified below. Each of these factors presents both significant opportunities and significant risks to our future performance. See also the section entitled “Risk factors” included in Part 1, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and our other reports filed with the SEC.
Our acquisition and integration strategy
We have historically acquired HSA portfolios and businesses that strengthen our service offerings. We plan to continue this growth strategy and are regularly engaged in evaluating different opportunities. We have developed an internal capability to source, evaluate, and integrate acquired HSA portfolios. Our success depends in part on our ability to successfully integrate acquired businesses and HSA portfolios with our business in an efficient and effective manner.
Structural change in U.S. health insurance
We derive revenue primarily from healthcare-related saving and spending by consumers in the U.S., which are driven by changes in the broader healthcare industry, including the structure of health insurance. The average family premium for employer-sponsored health insurance has risen by 24% since 2019 and 52% since 2014, resulting in increased participation in HSA-qualified health plans and HSAs and increased consumer cost-sharing in health insurance more generally. We believe that continued growth in healthcare costs and related factors will spur continued growth in HSA-qualified health plans and HSAs and may encourage policy changes making HSAs or similar vehicles available to new populations such as individuals in Medicare. However, the timing and impact of these and other developments in U.S. healthcare are uncertain. Moreover, changes in healthcare policy, such as "Medicare for all" plans, could materially and adversely affect our business in ways that are difficult to predict.
Trends in U.S. tax law
Tax law has a profound impact on our business. Our offerings to members, Clients, and Network Partners consist primarily of services enabled, mandated, or advantaged by provisions of U.S. tax law and regulations. Changes in tax policy are speculative and may affect our business in ways that are difficult to predict.
Our client base
Our business model is based on a B2B2C distribution strategy, whereby we work with Network Partners and Clients to reach consumers to increase the number of our members with HSA accounts and complementary CDBs. We believe that there are significant opportunities to expand the scope of services that we provide to our current Clients.
Broad distribution footprint
We believe we have a diverse distribution footprint to attract new Clients and Network Partners. Our sales force calls on enterprise and regional employers in industries across the U.S., as well as potential Network Partners from among health plans, benefits administrators, and retirement plan record keepers. Our Network Partners are a key channel through which we gain access to Clients and members. Our Network Partners collectively employ thousands of sales representatives and account managers who promote both the Network Partners' products and our products and services. Our sales representatives and account management teams work with and train the sales representatives and account management teams of our Network Partners. 
Product breadth
We are the largest custodian and administrator of HSAs, as well as a market-share leader in each of the major categories of complementary CDBs, including FSAs and HRAs, COBRA and commuter benefits administration. Our Clients and their benefits advisors increasingly seek HSA providers that can deliver an integrated offering of HSAs and complementary CDBs. With our CDB capabilities, we can provide employers with a single partner for both HSAs and complementary CDBs, which is preferred by the vast majority of employers, according to research conducted for us by Aite Group. We believe that the combination of HSA and complementary CDB offerings significantly strengthens our value proposition to employers, health benefits brokers and consultants, and Network Partners as a leading single-source provider.
-32-
Table of Contents
Interest rates
As a non-bank custodian, our members’ custodial HSA cash assets are held by either our federally insured Depository Partners (our "Basic Rates" offering), pursuant to contractual arrangements we have with these Depository Partners, or by our insurance company partners through group annuity contracts or other similar arrangements (our "Enhanced Rates" offering). For the reasons described below, we have encouraged our members to place more of their HSA cash in our Enhanced Rates offering. As our Basic Rates contracts expire, the HSA cash held in those Basic Rates contracts will transition to Enhanced Rates contracts, subject to our members retaining the right to keep their HSA cash in Basic Rates.
The lengths of our agreements with Depository Partners typically range from three to five years and may have fixed or variable interest rate terms. The terms of new and renewing agreements with our Depository Partners are impacted by the then-prevailing interest rate environment, which in turn is driven by macroeconomic factors and government policies over which we have no control. Such factors, and the response of our competitors to them, also determine the amount of interest retained by our members.
HSA members who place their HSA cash into our Enhanced Rates offering retain a higher yield compared to our Basic Rates offering. An increase in the percentage of HSA cash held in our Enhanced Rates offering also positively impacts our custodial revenue, as we generally receive a higher yield on HSA cash held by our insurance company partners compared to cash held by our Depository Partners. As with our Depository Partners, yields paid by our insurance company partners are impacted by the prevailing interest rate environment, which in turn is driven by macroeconomic factors and government policies over which we have no control. Such factors, and the response of our competitors to them, also determine the amount of interest retained by our members.
We believe that increased participation in our Enhanced Rates offering, diversification of Depository Partners and insurance company partners, varied contract terms, and other factors reduce our exposure to short-term fluctuations in prevailing interest rates and mitigate the short-term impact of sustained increases or declines in prevailing interest rates on our custodial revenue. Over longer periods, sustained shifts in prevailing interest rates affect the amount of custodial revenue we can realize on custodial assets and the interest retained by our members.
Interest on our revolving credit facility changes frequently due to variable interest rate terms, and as a result, our interest expense is expected to fluctuate based on changes in prevailing interest rates.
Our proprietary technology
We believe that innovations incorporated in our technology differentiate us from our competitors and help drive our growth by enabling us to better assist consumers to make healthcare saving and spending decisions and maximize the value of their tax-advantaged benefits. Our full suite of CDB offerings complements our HSA solution and enhances our leadership position within the HSA sector. We are currently investing in a modernization of our proprietary technology platforms to support new opportunities and enhance security, privacy and platform infrastructure, while maintaining existing applications, features, and services. For example, we are making investments in the architecture and infrastructure of the technology that we use to provide our services to improve our transaction processing capabilities and support continued account and transaction growth, as well as in data-driven personalized engagement to help our members spend less, save more, and build wealth for retirement. In addition, we are investing in technology solutions to meet the evolving needs of our members, Clients and Network Partners. Our current innovation efforts include, among others, increasing member and client self-service capabilities, developing APIs, driving electronic communication rather than paper, increasing straight-through processing, improving overall process times utilizing both traditional robotic process automation, and increasingly through AI tools including the Expedited Claims tool, leveraging chip-enabled stacked cards, and mobile wallet.
Our Purple culture
A successful healthcare consumer needs education and guidance delivered by people as well as by technology. The education and customer service we provide is driven by our Purple culture, which we believe is a significant factor in our ability to attract and retain customers and to address opportunities in the rapidly changing healthcare sector. We invest in and intend to continue to invest in human capital through technology-enabled training, career development, and advancement opportunities.
Our competition and industry
Our direct competitors are HSA custodians and other CDB providers. Many of these are state or federally chartered banks and other financial institutions for which we believe benefits administration services are not a core business. Some of our direct competitors (including 
well-known retail investment companies, such as Fidelity Investments, and healthcare service companies such as UnitedHealth Group's Optum and Webster Bank
) are in a position to 
-33-
Table of Contents
devote more resources to the development, sale, and support of their products and services than we have at our disposal. Our other CDB administration competitors include health insurance carriers, human resources consultants and outsourcers, payroll providers, national CDB specialists, regional third-party administrators, and commercial banks. In addition, numerous indirect competitors, including benefits administration service providers, partner with banks and other HSA custodians to compete with us. Our Network Partners and ecosystem partners may also choose to offer competitive services directly, as some health plans have done. Our success depends on our ability to predict and react quickly to these and other industry and competitive dynamics.
Regulatory environment
Federal law and regulations, including the Affordable Care Act, the Internal Revenue Code, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act and Department of Labor regulations, and public health regulations that govern the provision of health insurance and provide the tax advantages associated with our services, play a pivotal role in determining our market opportunity. Privacy and data security-related laws such as the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, or HIPAA, and the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, laws governing the provision of investment advice to consumers, such as the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, or the Advisers Act, the USA PATRIOT Act, anti-money laundering laws, and the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, all play a similar role in determining our competitive landscape. In addition, state-level regulations also have significant implications for our business in some cases. For example, our subsidiary HealthEquity Trust Company is regulated by the Wyoming Division of Banking, and several states are considering, or have already passed, new privacy regulations that can affect our business. Various states also have laws and regulations that impose additional restrictions on our collection, storage, and use of personally identifiable information. Privacy regulation in particular has become a priority issue in many states, including, for example, the California Privacy Rights Act. Our ability to predict and react quickly to relevant legal and regulatory trends and to correctly interpret their market and competitive implications is important to our success.
Key financial and operating metrics
We regularly review a number of key operating and financial metrics to evaluate our business, determine the allocation of our resources, make decisions regarding corporate strategies, and evaluate forward-looking projections and trends affecting our business. We discuss certain of these key financial metrics, including revenue, below in the section entitled “Key components of our results of operations.” In addition, we utilize other key metrics as described below.
For a discussion related to key financial and operating metrics for fiscal year 2024 compared to fiscal year 2023, refer to Part II,