Item 1.
Business

Business Overview

We are a leading national provider of diagnostic imaging services in the United States based on number of locations and annual imaging revenue. We have been in business since 1985. Our principal business segment is the provision of diagnostic imaging services. As of December 31, 2024, we operated, directly or indirectly through joint ventures with hospitals, 398 imaging centers located in Arizona, California, Delaware, Florida, Maryland, New Jersey, Texas and New York. 
Our imaging centers provide physicians with capabilities to facilitate the diagnosis and treatment of diseases and disorders and may reduce unnecessary invasive procedures, often reducing the cost and amount of care for patients. Our services include magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), computed tomography (CT), positron emission tomography (PET), nuclear medicine, mammography, ultrasound, diagnostic radiology (X-ray), fluoroscopy and other related procedures. The vast majority of our centers offer multi-modality imaging services, a key point of differentiation from our competitors. Our multi-modality strategy diversifies revenue streams, reduces exposure to reimbursement changes and provides patients and referring physicians one location to serve the needs of multiple procedures.  Integral to the imaging center business is our software arm headed by our eRad, Inc. subsidiary, which sells computerized systems that distribute, display, store and retrieve digital images. 
We seek to develop leading positions in regional markets in order to leverage operational efficiencies. We develop our imaging business through a combination of organic growth and acquisitions. Our scale and density within selected geographies provides close, long-term relationships with key payors, radiology groups and referring physicians. Each of our center-level and regional operations teams is responsible for managing relationships with local physicians and payors, meeting our standards of patient service, and maintaining profitability. We provide training programs, standardized policies and procedures, and sharing of best practices among the physicians in our regional networks.
Internationally, our majority-owned subsidiary, The HLH Imaging Group Limited fka Heart & Lung Imaging Limited, provides teleradiology services for remote interpretation of images on behalf of providers within the framework of the United Kingdom's National Health Service.
We have also established an Artificial Intelligence (AI) division, that develops and deploys AI suites to enhance radiologist interpretations of breast, lung and prostate images.  The division is led by our DeepHealth, Inc. subsidiary and includes our acquisitions of Aidence Holding B.V. and Quantib B.V., both based in the Netherlands. The portfolio of software solutions is anchored by eRad, Inc.'s RIS/PACS, informatics designed specifically for outpatient radiology and DeepHealth OS, a cloud-native operating system that helps operate all aspects of the radiology service line from scheduling and patient preparation to technologist workflow to interpretation and referral management. 
Available Information

All reports we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”)  are available free of charge via EDGAR through the SEC website at
 www.sec.gov
. We also maintain a website at 
www.radnet.com
 where we make available, free of charge, our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after the material is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. References to our website in this report are provided as a convenience and the information contained on, or otherwise accessible through, the website is not incorporated by reference into, nor does it form a part of this annual report on Form 10-K or any other document that we file with the SEC.

Industry Overview

Diagnostic imaging involves the use of non-invasive procedures to generate representations of internal anatomy and function that can be recorded on film or digitized for display on a video monitor. Diagnostic imaging procedures facilitate the early diagnosis and treatment of diseases and disorders and may reduce unnecessary invasive procedures, often minimizing the cost and amount of care for patients. Diagnostic imaging procedures include MRI, CT, PET, nuclear medicine, ultrasound, mammography, X-ray and fluoroscopy.

While X-ray remains the most commonly performed diagnostic imaging procedure, the fastest growing and higher margin procedures are MRI, CT and PET. The rapid growth in PET scans is attributable to the increasing recognition of the efficacy of PET scans in the diagnosis and monitoring of cancer. The number of MRI and CT scans performed annually in the 
1
United States continues to grow due to their wider acceptance by physicians and payors, an increasing number of applications for their use and a general increase in demand due to the aging population.
In recent years, there has been rapid development of AI tools for the radiology field. By August 2024, the United States Food & Drug Administration (“FDA”) reported that it had granted marketing clearance to over 700 artificial intelligence and machine learning (“AI/ML”)-enabled radiology software products.  Modern AI is built by training on large databases to recognize patterns with much higher performance than previously. AI methods are now being employed throughout the imaging industry in a wide variety of ways, such as speeding image acquisition, providing diagnostic assistance, or prioritizing workflows. In addition, AI methods can speed up administrative tasks, such as keeping track of individuals needing procedures on a regular basis (i.e., mammograms, follow-up exams, etc.) and alerting our staff to contact the patient and schedule appointments.  

Diagnostic Imaging Settings

Diagnostic imaging services are typically provided in one of the following settings:

Fixed-site, freestanding outpatient diagnostic centers. 
These centers range from single-modality to multi-modality centers and are generally not owned by hospitals or clinics. These centers depend upon physician referrals for their patients and generally do not maintain dedicated, contractual relationships with hospitals or clinics. In fact, these centers may compete with hospitals or clinics that have their own imaging systems to provide services to these patients. These centers bill third-party payors, such as managed care organizations, insurance companies, Medicare or Medicaid. All of our wholly owned centers are in this category.

Hospitals. 
Many hospitals provide both inpatient and outpatient diagnostic imaging services, typically on site or at a dedicated center located on or nearby the hospital campus.  These centers can be owned and operated by the hospital and provide imaging services to inpatients as ordered or outpatients through physician referrals. The hospital normally bills third-party payors such as managed care organizations, insurance companies, Medicare or Medicaid. We have entered into joint ventures with certain hospitals to both provide and manage their diagnostic imaging services, allowing them to leverage our industry expertise.

Mobile Imaging. 
While many hospitals own or lease their own equipment, certain hospitals provide diagnostic imaging services by contracting with providers of mobile imaging services. Using specially designed trailers, mobile imaging service providers transport imaging equipment and provide services to hospitals and clinics on a part-time or full-time basis, thus allowing small to mid-size hospitals and clinics that do not have the patient demand to justify fixed on-site access to advanced diagnostic imaging technology. Diagnostic imaging providers contract directly with the hospital or clinic and are typically reimbursed directly by them. We do not provide mobile imaging services.
Diagnostic Imaging Modalities

The principal diagnostic imaging modalities we use at our centers are:
MRI.  
MRI has become widely accepted as the standard diagnostic tool for a wide and fast-growing variety of clinical applications for soft tissue anatomy, such as those found in the brain, spinal cord, abdomen, heart and interior ligaments of body joints such as the knee. MRI uses a strong magnetic field in conjunction with low energy electromagnetic waves that are processed by a computer to produce high-resolution, three-dimensional, cross-sectional images of body tissue. A typical MRI examination takes from 20 to 45 minutes. MRI systems are designed as either open or closed and have magnetic field strength of 0.2 Tesla to 3.0 Tesla.

CT. 
CT provides higher resolution images than conventional X-rays, but generally not as well defined as those produced by MRI. CT uses a computer to direct the movement of an X-ray tube to produce multiple cross-sectional images of a particular organ or area of the body. CT is used to detect tumors and other conditions affecting bones and internal organs. It is also used to detect the occurrence of strokes, hemorrhages and infections. A typical CT examination takes from 15 to 45 minutes.

PET.  
PET scanning involves the administration of a radiopharmaceutical agent with a positron-emitting isotope and the measurement of the distribution of that isotope to create images for diagnostic purposes. PET scans provide the capability to determine how metabolic activity impacts other aspects of physiology in the disease process by correlating the reading for the PET with other tools such as CT or MRI. PET technology has been found highly effective and appropriate in certain clinical circumstances for the detection and assessment of tumors throughout the body, the evaluation of some cardiac conditions and 
2
the assessment of epilepsy seizure sites. The information provided by PET technology often obviates the need to perform further highly invasive or diagnostic surgical procedures.  In addition, we employ combined PET/CT systems that blend the PET and CT imaging modalities into one scanner. 

Nuclear Medicine.  
Nuclear medicine uses short-lived radioactive isotopes that release small amounts of radiation that can be recorded by a gamma camera and processed by a computer to produce an image of various anatomical structures or to assess the function of various organs such as the heart, kidneys, thyroid and bones. Nuclear medicine is used primarily to study anatomic and metabolic functions. 

X-ray.  
X-rays use roentgen rays to penetrate the body and record images of organs and structures on film. Digital X-ray systems add computer image processing capability to traditional X-ray images, which provides faster transmission of images with a higher resolution and the capability to store images more cost-effectively. 

Ultrasound.  
Ultrasound imaging uses sound waves and their echoes to visualize and locate internal organs. It is particularly useful in viewing soft tissues that do not X-ray well. Ultrasound is used in pregnancy to avoid X-ray exposure as well as in gynecological, urologic, vascular, cardiac and breast applications. 

Mammography.  
Mammography is a specialized form of radiology using low dosage X-rays to visualize breast tissue and is the primary screening tool for breast cancer. Mammography procedures and related services assist in the diagnosis of and treatment planning for breast cancer. 

Fluoroscopy.  
Fluoroscopy uses ionizing radiation combined with a video viewing system for real time monitoring of organs.

Industry Trends

We believe the diagnostic imaging services industry will continue to grow as a result of a number of factors, including the following:

Escalating Demand for Healthcare Services from an Aging Population. 
The U.S. population is expected to trend older over the coming decades. According to a Pew Research Center report issued January 9, 2024, the number of US residents age over 65 stands at approximately 62 million, representing 18% of the population, and is expected to reach 84 million, or 23% of the total population by 2054.  Because diagnostic imaging use tends to increase as a person ages, we believe the aging population will generate more demand for diagnostic imaging procedures
.
Greater Consumer Awareness of and Demand for Preventive Diagnostic Screening. 
Diagnostic imaging, such as elective full-body scans, is increasingly being used as a screening tool for preventive care procedures. Consumer awareness of diagnostic imaging as a less invasive and preventive screening method has added to the growth in diagnostic imaging procedures. We believe that further technological advancements allowing for early diagnosis of diseases and disorders using less invasive procedures will create additional demand for diagnostic imaging.

New Effective Applications for Diagnostic Imaging Technology. 
New technological developments are expected to extend the clinical uses of diagnostic imaging technology and increase the number of scans performed. Recent technological advancements include:

•
MRI spectroscopy, which can differentiate malignant from benign lesions;
•
MRI angiography, which can produce three-dimensional images of body parts and assess the status of blood vessels;
•
enhancements in teleradiology systems, which permit the digital transmission of radiological images from one location to another for interpretation by radiologists at remote locations;
•
the development of combined PET/CT and PET/MRI scanners, which combine technologies to create a powerful diagnostic imaging system; and
•
use of augmented reality technologies make it possible to create three dimensional images that physicians can examine through virtual reality headsets or print using a three dimensional printer.
Additional improvements in imaging technologies, contrast agents and scan capabilities are leading to new non-invasive diagnostic imaging applications, including methods of diagnosing blockages in the heart’s vital coronary arteries, liver metastases, pelvic diseases and vascular abnormalities without exploratory surgery. We believe that the use of the diagnostic capabilities of MRI and other imaging services will continue to increase because they are cost-effective, time-efficient and non-
3
invasive, as compared to alternative procedures, including surgery, and that newer technologies and future technological advancements will further increase the use of imaging services. At the same time, the industry has increasingly used upgrades to existing equipment to expand applications, extend the useful life of existing equipment, improve image quality, reduce image acquisition time and increase the volume of scans that can be performed. We believe the use of equipment upgrades rather than equipment replacements will continue, as we do not foresee new imaging technologies on the near-term horizon that will displace MRI, CT or PET as the principal advanced diagnostic imaging modalities. 
Impact of Artificial Intelligence. 
AI has the potential to significantly change the medical imaging industry.  Current AI applications are aiding in image creation (for example, reducing the time required to perform an MRI scan, or the dose of a CT or PET scan) as well as aiding physicians performing image interpretation. AI appears to be particularly valuable in aiding radiologists reviewing cancer screening exams, where volumes can be high and lesions can be difficult to find, such as in screening mammography. AI can also improve business processes to better effectively serve customers and improve reimbursement and collections accuracy.

Competition

Our competitors include independent imaging operators and smaller regional operators, as well as hospitals and hospital groups that operate their own imaging services.  In addition, some physician practices have established their own diagnostic imaging centers within their group practices. Some of our competitors may now or in the future have access to greater financial resources than we do, which could allow them to establish more centers and provide access to newer, more advanced equipment.

We compete principally on the basis of our reputation, our ability to provide multiple modalities at many of our centers, the location of our centers, the quality of our diagnostic imaging services and technologists and our ability to establish and maintain relationships with healthcare providers and referring physicians. We believe that the following competitive strengths differentiate us from our competition.
Our Scale and Reputation.  
As of December 31, 2024, we operated, directly or indirectly through joint ventures with hospitals, 398 centers in Arizona, California, Delaware, Florida, Maryland, New Jersey, New York, and Texas. We are the largest operator of freestanding, fixed-site outpatient diagnostic imaging service centers in the United States, based on number of centers and revenue.  Our specific knowledge of our geographic markets drives strong relationships with key payors, radiology groups and referring physicians within our markets. 
Our Comprehensive "Multi-Modality" Diagnostic Imaging Offering.  
The vast majority of our centers offer multiple types of imaging procedures, driving strong relationships with referring physicians and payors in our markets and a diversified revenue base. At each of our multi-modality centers, we offer patients and referring physicians one location to serve their needs for multiple procedures. This prevents multiple patient visits or unnecessary travel between locations, thus increasing patient throughput and decreasing costs and time delays. Our revenue is generated by a broad mix of modalities. We believe our multi-modality strategy lessens our exposure to reimbursement changes in any specific modality.

Our Competitive Pricing. 
Our business focus, scale, resources and access to technology afford us with certain operating efficiencies.  Our size and scale allow us to achieve operating, sourcing and administrative efficiencies, including equipment and medical supply sourcing savings and favorable maintenance contracts from equipment manufacturers and other suppliers. As such, we believe our fees are generally lower than hospital fees for the same services we provide.

Our Facility Density in Many Highly Populated Areas of the United States. 
Our diagnostic imaging centers are strategically organized into regional networks concentrated in major population centers in eight states, providing a density that offers unique benefits to our patients, our referring physicians, our payors and us. We are able to increase the convenience of our services to patients by implementing scheduling systems within geographic regions, where practical. For example, many of our diagnostic imaging centers within a particular region can access the patient appointment calendars of other centers within the same regional network to efficiently allocate time available and to meet a patient's appointment, date, time, or location preferences. The grouping of our centers within regional networks enables us to easily move technologists and other personnel, as well as equipment, from over-utilized to under-utilized centers on an as-needed basis, and drive referrals. Our organization of referral networks results in increased patient throughput, greater operating efficiencies, better equipment utilization rates and improved response time for our patients. We believe our networks of centers and tailored service offerings for geographic areas drive local physician referrals, make us an attractive candidate for selection as a preferred provider by third-party payors and create economies of scale.
4
Our Strong Relationships with Payors and Diversified Payor Mix.  
Our revenue is derived from a diverse mix of payors, including commercial insurance payors, managed care capitated payors and government payors such as Medicare and Medicaid, mitigating our exposure to unfavorable reimbursement trends within any one payor class. In addition, our experience with capitation arrangements has provided us with the expertise to manage utilization and pricing effectively, resulting in a predictable and recurring stream of revenue. We believe that third-party payors representing large groups of patients often prefer to enter into managed care contracts with providers that offer a broad array of diagnostic imaging services at convenient locations throughout a geographic area.

Our Strong Relationships with Experienced and Highly Regarded Radiologists. 
Our contracted radiologists have outstanding credentials, strong relationships with referring physicians, and a broad mix of sub-specialties. The collective experience and expertise of these radiologists translates into more accurate and efficient service to patients.

Our Experienced and Committed Management Team. 
Our senior and executive management teams have created our differentiated approach based on their comprehensive understanding of the diagnostic imaging industry and the dynamics of our regional markets. We have a track record of successful acquisitions and integration of acquired businesses into RadNet and have managed the business through a variety of economic and reimbursement cycles.

Our Technologically Advanced Operations. 
In 2019, we created an AI division that now hosts the combined efforts of our acquisitions of DeepHealth, Inc., Aidence Holding B.V., and Quantib B.V.. The division is currently focused on developing improved medical interpretation of scans within the fields of mammography, lung and prostate imaging.  Given the importance of training data in building modern AI applications as well as getting feedback on performance, our combination of vertical integration and scale provide advantages over other AI creators.  Alongside our established subsidiary eRad, Inc., which develops and sells computerized imaging data storage and retrieval systems, we have assembled an industry leading team of software developers to create radiology workflow solutions that improve patient care. The portfolio of software solutions are anchored by eRad, Inc.'s RIS/PACS, informatics designed specifically for outpatient radiology and DeepHealth OS, a cloud-native operating system that helps operate all aspects of the radiology service line from scheduling and patient preparation to technologist workflow to interpretation and referral management. Our DeepHealth, Inc. subsidiary has received FDA clearance for use of its SaigeQ “triage”/workflow product, SaigeDX advanced diagnostic product and Saige-Density breast density assessment software for screening breast mammography, which we have begun to roll out in certain markets as an Enhanced Breast Cancer Detection solution. Our Aidence Holding B.V. subsidiary is developing solutions for interpretation of chest and lung CT scans for lung cancer screening. It has received the CE mark for its solution and has existing customers in seven European countries, with its largest concentration in the United Kingdom, and plans to submit an application for FDA clearance to sell in the United States. Our Quantib B.V. subsidiary is primarily focused on interpretation of prostate MRI for widespread prostate cancer screening. Quantib’s prostate MRI post-processing software has both FDA clearances and European CE marking. Our digital health segment provides these solutions to us and to over 400 customers in the United States, Europe, and Israel.
Business Strategy

Maximize Performance at Our Existing Centers. 
We seek to enhance our operations and increase scan volume and revenue at our existing centers by expanding physician relationships and increasing the procedure offerings.  

Focus on Profitable Contracting. 
We regularly evaluate our contracts with third-party payors, industry vendors and radiology groups, as well as our equipment and real property leases, to determine how we may improve the terms to increase our revenues and reduce our expenses. Because many of our contracts with third party payors are short-term in nature, we can regularly renegotiate these contracts, if necessary. We believe our position as a leading provider of diagnostic imaging services and our long-term relationships with physician groups in our markets enable us to obtain more favorable contract terms than would be available to smaller or less experienced imaging services providers.
Optimize Operating Efficiencies. 
We seek to maximize our equipment utilization by adding, upgrading and re-deploying equipment where we experience excess demand. We will continue to trim excess operating and general and administrative costs where it is feasible to do so. We may also continue to use, where appropriate, highly trained radiology physician assistants to perform, under appropriate supervision of radiologists, basic services traditionally performed by radiologists. We will continue to upgrade our advanced information technology system to create cost reductions for our centers in areas such as image storage, support personnel and financial management.

Expand Our Networks. 
We intend to continue to expand the number of our centers both organically and through targeted acquisitions, using a disciplined approach for evaluating and entering new areas, including consideration of whether we have adequate financial resources to expand. Our current plans are to strengthen our market presence in geographic areas where 
5
we currently have existing operations and to expand into neighboring and other areas where we believe we can compete effectively. We perform extensive due diligence before developing a new facility or acquiring an existing facility or entering into a joint venture with a hospital to manage a facility, including surveying local referral sources and radiologists, as well as examining the demographics, reimbursement environment, competitive landscape and intrinsic demand of the geographic market. We generally will only enter new markets where:

•
there is sufficient patient demand for outpatient diagnostic imaging services;
•
we believe we can gain significant market share;
•
we can build key referral relationships or we have already established such relationships; and
•
payors are receptive to our entry into the market.
Expand Our Joint Ventures.  
As part of our growth strategy we have entered into joint ventures with hospitals, health systems or radiology practices that were formed for the purpose of owning and operating diagnostic imaging centers. We have created a number of joint ventures in key markets with well-established hospital systems to manage additional centers. We intend to continue to expand in established markets through additional joint ventures, particularly with hospital systems. We believe that these joint ventures deepen and expand our strength in markets where we are already established.
Leverage our investment in AI and technology to improve services and operating efficiency
.  We have developed a portfolio of proprietary technologies that stretch from patient-scheduling, to image storage and retrieval, to AI applications that aid in the interpretation of scans in certain fields. We intend to use our substantial investment in technology and AI to create differentiated service offerings in each phase of our business. We are currently developing solutions to improve the quality and consistency of our core imaging services, expand our service offerings, and improve our operating efficiency, ranging from patient intake through billing and collection.  

Our Services

We offer a comprehensive set of imaging services including MRI, CT, PET, nuclear medicine, X-ray, ultrasound, mammography, fluoroscopy and other related procedures. We focus on providing standardized high quality imaging services, regardless of location, to ensure patients, physicians and payors consistency in service and quality. To ensure the high quality of our services, we monitor patient satisfaction, timeliness of services to patients, and delivery of reports to physicians.

The key features of our services include:

•
patient-friendly, non-clinical environments;
•
a 24-hour turnaround on routine examinations;
•
interpretations within one to two hours, if needed;
•
flexible patient scheduling, including same-day appointments;
•
extended operating hours, including weekends;
•
reports delivered by courier, facsimile or email;
•
availability of second opinions and consultations;
•
availability of sub-specialty interpretations at no additional charge; and
•
standardized fee schedules by region.
Radiology Professionals

In the states in which we provide services (except Florida and Arizona), a lay person or any entity other than a professional corporation or similar professional organization is not allowed to practice medicine, including by employing professional persons or by having any ownership interest or profit participation in or control over any medical professional practice. This doctrine is commonly referred to as the prohibition on the “corporate practice” of medicine. In order to comply with this prohibition, we contract with medical groups to provide professional medical services in our centers, including the supervision and interpretation of diagnostic imaging procedures. 
We contract with a Consolidated Medical Group (the “Group”) which consists of professional corporations owned or controlled by individuals within our senior management that provide professional medical services in Arizona, California, Delaware, Maryland, New Jersey and New York.  At locations where the Group does not provide professional medical services, we have entered into long-term contracts with third-party radiology groups in the area to provide physician services at those centers.  These third-party radiology practice groups maintain full control over the provision of professional services, including supervision and interpretation of diagnostic imaging procedures, in our diagnostic imaging centers. Each medical group 
6
maintains control over the physicians it employs and is responsible for staffing the facility with qualified professional medical personnel.
Under management agreements with the Group or other third-party radiology practices, we provide the use of our diagnostic imaging equipment, technical and management services, and administration of the non-medical functions of the professional medical practices at our centers, including the provision of non-medical staff, accounting services, billing and collection, medical and office supplies, transcription services, maintenance of medical records, and marketing. As compensation for the services furnished under management contracts with our medical groups, we receive technical fees for the use of our diagnostic imaging equipment and technical services and an agreed percentage of the medical practice billings for, or collections from, services provided at our centers. The medical groups retain the professional reimbursements associated with imaging procedures after deducting management service fees paid to us.
Additionally, we perform certain management services for a portion of the professional groups with whom we contract who provide professional radiology services at local hospitals. For performing these management services, which include billing, collecting, transcription and medical coding, we receive management fees, that depending on the agreement are calculated at a fixed or variable rate.

Payors
The fees charged for diagnostic imaging services performed at our centers are paid by a diverse mix of payors:

Commercial Insurance.  
Generally, insurance companies reimburse us, directly or indirectly, including through the Group or through the contracted radiology groups, on the basis of agreed upon rates. These rates are negotiated and may differ materially with rates set forth in the Medicare Physician Fee Schedule for the particular service. The patients may be responsible for certain co-payments or deductibles.

Managed Care Capitation Agreements.  
Under these agreements that are generally between the medical groups and the payor (which in most cases are large medical groups or Independent Practice Associations), the payor pays a pre-determined amount per-member per-month in exchange for the radiology group providing all necessary covered services to the managed care members included in the agreement. These contracts pass much of the financial risk of providing outpatient diagnostic imaging services, including the risk of over-use, from the payor to the radiology practice group and, as a result of our management agreement with the radiology practice group, to us.

We believe that through our comprehensive utilization management, or UM, program we have become highly skilled at assessing and moderating the risks associated with the capitation agreements, so that these agreements are profitable for us. Our UM program is managed by our UM department, which consists of staff who are actively involved with the referring physicians and payor management in both prospective and retrospective review programs. Our UM program includes features such as physician education combined with peer review procedures which are designed to manage our costs while ensuring that patients receive appropriate care.

Medicare/Medicaid.  
Medicare is the federal health insurance program for people age 65 or older and people under age 65 with certain disabilities. Medicaid, funded by both the federal government and states, is a state-administered health insurance program for qualifying low-income and medically needy persons. For services for which we bill Medicare directly or indirectly, including through contracted radiologists, we are paid under the Medicare Physician Fee Schedule. Under the Protecting Access to Medicare Act of 2014, Congress introduced a new quality incentive program that, effective January 1, 2016, reduced Medicare payments for certain CT services reimbursed through the Medicare Physician Fee Schedule that are furnished using equipment that does not meet certain dose optimization and management standards. Medicare patients usually pay a 20% co-payment unless they have secondary insurance. Medicaid rates are set by the individual states for each state program and Medicaid patients may be responsible for a modest co-payment.

Contracts with Physician Groups and Other Non-Insurance Company Payors.  
For some of our contracts with physician groups and other providers, we do not bill payors, but instead accept agreed upon rates for our radiology services. These rates are typically at or below the rates set forth in the current Medicare Fee Schedule for the particular service. However, we often agree to a specified rate for MRI and CT procedures that is not tied to the Medicare Fee Schedule.

Imaging Centers

Our centers are primarily located in geographic networks that we refer to as regions. The majority of our centers are multi-modality sites, offering various combinations of MRI, CT, PET, nuclear medicine, ultrasound, X-ray, fluoroscopy 
7
services and other related procedures. A portion of our centers are single-modality sites, offering either X-ray or MRI services. Consistent with our regional network strategy, we locate our single-modality centers near multi-modality centers, to help accommodate overflow in targeted demographic areas.

The following table sets forth the number of our centers operated directly or managed through joint ventures for each year during the three-year period ended December 31, 2024:
Years Ended
December 31,

2024
2023
2022
Total centers owned or managed (at beginning of the year)
366 
357 
347 
Centers added by:
Acquisition
28 
10 
8 
Internal development
44 
11 
14 
Centers closed or sold
(40)
(12)
(12)
Total centers owned or managed (at year end)
398 
366 
357 
Diagnostic Imaging Equipment

The following table indicates, as of December 31, 2024, the quantity of principal diagnostic equipment available at our imaging centers operated directly or through joint venture investments:
Equipment Count
Years Ended December 31,

2024
2023
2022
MRI
382 
353 
340 
CT
220 
208 
208 
PET/CT
66 
63 
67 
Mammography
427 
405 
387 
Ultrasound
907 
861 
818 
X-ray
380 
363 
440 
Nuclear Medicine
56 
55 
57 
Fluoroscopy
120 
121 
116 
Total equipment
2,558

2,429

2,433

The average age of our MRI and CT units is less than five years, and the average age of our PET units is less than four years. The useful life of our MRI, CT and PET units is typically ten years.

Facility Acquisitions

Information regarding our facility acquisitions can be found within Item 7 - “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations”, as well as Note 4 to our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on Form 10-K.

Information Technology

Our corporate headquarters and many of our centers are interconnected through a state-of-the-art information technology system. This system, which is compliant with the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 ("HIPAA"), is comprised of a number of integrated applications and provides a single operating platform for billing and collections, electronic medical records, practice management and image management.

This technology has created cost reductions for our centers in areas such as image storage, support personnel and financial management and has further allowed us to optimize the productivity of all aspects of our business by enabling us to:

•
capture patient demographic, history and billing information at point-of-service;
8
•
automatically generate bills and electronically file claims with third-party payors;
•
record and store diagnostic report images in digital format;
•
digitally transmit in real-time diagnostic images from one location to another, thus enabling networked radiologists to cover larger geographic markets by using the specialized training of other networked radiologists;
•
perform claims, rejection and collection analysis; and
•
perform sophisticated financial analysis, such as analyzing cost and profitability, volume, charges, current activity and patient case mix, with respect to each of our managed care contracts.

We have developed our own Radiology Information System through our team of software development engineers, which is used as our front desk patient tracking system.  Our eRad, Inc., subsidiary develops and sells computerized imaging data storage and retrieval systems.  

Human Capital Management Strategy

The primary goal of our talent management strategy is to attract and retain engaged, talented, and diverse team members to establish RadNet as the employer of choice. We seek to drive performance by enabling effective leadership that results in a positive patient experience delivered by talented and engaged team members. To achieve this, leaders across the enterprise partner to develop and deliver talent and culture programs, create total rewards strategies, and provide efficient and effective people operations.
We believe the strength of our workforce is critical to the success of our mission to provide comprehensive radiology solutions and change the future of healthcare. We invest in our employees to ensure their confidence and competence in their roles, as well as to provide a path for professional career development. We value an ethical culture where diversity is embraced, good health and safety are promoted, and employees are empowered to share their ideas and opinions. We strive to care for our team members and are concerned about their total well-being.
Headcount and Labor Representation
.  
As of December 31, 2024, we had a total of 8,546 full-time, 454 part-time and 2,021 per diem employees, including those employed by the Group. These numbers include 218 full-time and 91 part-time physicians and 2,725 full-time, 296 part-time and 1,321 per-diem technologists.
Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, & Belonging
.  
We are committed to creating an inclusive work environment where team members can be their best and authentic selves. With diversity comes a plethora of different perspectives and these different perspectives breed innovative ideas that enable us to lead radiology forward. Our relationship with Jobs.Vision.Success SoCal, a nonprofit, non-sectarian social service agency, is one example of our support and sponsorship of community outreach and enrichment programs for underserved populations. As a foundational practice, all employees are required to complete cultural competence training annually.
Employee Listening
. 
We believe in ensuring every team member feels valued, seen, and heard; therefore, we have various avenues for all to share ideas and provide feedback. Piloting initiatives such as the Connections Roadshow and new employee listening platforms enable senior leaders to hear from team members at all levels of the organization to gain insights on various topics including quality, engagement, innovation, customer service, patient focus, diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging. 
Total Well-being
.  
We subscribe to the belief that if we take care of our people, they will in turn, take care of our patients. Prioritizing and promoting wellness allows our team members to be their best selves at work and at home. Concerning ourselves with the physical, mental, emotional, and social well-being of each team member enables us to attract and retain top talent. Beyond fair and equitable pay, we offer a wide range of benefit plan options that include, but are not limited to, medical insurance, health savings accounts, family support services, nutrition and exercise programs, and financial education. We evaluate our total well-being packages regularly to remain competitive, align with legislative changes, and respond to the needs of our team members. Based on survey feedback, we recently replaced our wellness platform and introduced Navigate Wellness to better address what our team members care about most. 
Talent Development
.  
Equipping our people to perform excellently is one of our top priorities. With companies across the country facing unprecedented, post-pandemic labor shortages, attrition, and turnover, we are doubling down on our People and Culture initiatives. We have established a Talent & Culture Center of Expertise to focus on the employee experience from beginning to end. With a heightened focus on upskilling our existing workforce, our investment in new training and development platforms and piloting a coaching capabilities builder program for our leaders, we are promoting timely and effective feedback that fosters trust, respect, teamwork, growth, and excellence. Furthermore, our tuition reimbursement program encourages team members at all levels of the enterprise to seek additional skills.
9

Sales and Marketing

Our sales and marketing team employs a multi-pronged approach to marketing, including physician, payor and sports marketing programs, each of which are described below:

Physician Marketing. 
Each customer service representative on our physician marketing team is responsible for marketing activity on behalf of one or more centers. The representatives act as a liaison between the facility and referring physicians, holding meetings periodically and on an as-needed basis with them and their staff to present educational programs on new applications and uses of our systems and to address particular patient service issues that have arisen. In our experience, consistent hands-on contact with a referring physician and his or her staff generates goodwill and increases referrals to our centers. The representatives also continually seek to establish referral relationships with new physicians and physician groups. In addition to a base salary, each representative receives a bonus based upon success.

Payor Marketing. 
Our marketing team regularly meets with managed care organizations and insurance companies to solicit contracts and meet with existing contracting payors to solidify those relationships. The comprehensiveness of our services, the geographic location of our centers and the reputation of the physicians with whom we contract all serve as tools for obtaining new or repeat business from payors.

Sports Marketing Program. 
Our west coast operations renders in stadium digital X-ray for the following organizations: Los Angeles Clippers, Dodgers, Kings and Lakers. In exchange, we receive season tickets and parking.  Contract lengths vary from yearly up to five years. We also provide radiology services at select imaging centers for the Anaheim Ducks, Los Angeles Angels, Los Angeles Rams, Athletics, San Francisco 49ers and student athletes of the University of Southern California. Through our east coast operations, we have entered into sponsorship agreements with the Baltimore Ravens of the National Football League and the Baltimore Orioles of Major League Baseball which permit us to state we are the imaging partner to each organization. Both of those agreements are being renewed through 2025.
Suppliers

We acquire our major diagnostic imaging equipment directly from original equipment manufacturers or through third party financing companies and purchase medical supplies from various national vendors.  Our diagnostic imaging equipment represents a cornerstone investment of the company as it provides our customers the latest in imaging technology.  We employ direct purchase or finance arrangements with such firms as GE, Hologic, Key Equipment, Philips, Siemens and Spectrum for our diagnostic equipment imaging needs.  We seek to establish strong working relationships with our providers, who are of comparable stature and offer similar products, to mitigate the risk that any one supplier becomes unavailable. If we open or acquire additional imaging centers, we may incur material equipment lease obligations.  See Note 9, Leases, in the notes accompanying our consolidated financial statements included in this report for further information.
Timely and effective maintenance of our imaging equipment is essential for achieving high utilization rates.  In order to ensure operational efficiency, we have maintenance arrangements with the various service arms of the original equipment manufacturers that supply our imaging equipment.

Insurance and Liability Mitigation

We maintain insurance policies with coverage we believe is appropriate in light of the risks attendant to our business and consistent with industry practice. We maintain general liability insurance and professional liability insurance in commercially reasonable amounts. Additionally, we maintain workers’ compensation insurance on all of our employees. 

In our agreements with physician groups, including the Group, we require the physician group maintain medical malpractice insurance for each physician in the group, with coverage limits of not less than $1.0 million per incident and $3.0 million in the aggregate per year.

Our insurance coverage is placed on a statutory basis and corresponds to individual state’s requirements. However, adequate liability insurance may not be available to us in the future at acceptable costs or at all. In addition, insurers from which we purchase such insurance may experience financial hardship which would impact their ability to pay covered policyholder claims.
In California our operations benefit from a statutory medical malpractice cap that reduces our liability exposure. California places a $250,000 limit on non-economic damages for medical malpractice cases. The cap applies whether the case is 
10
for injury or death, and it allows only one $250,000 recovery in a wrongful death case. Non-economic damages are defined as compensation for pain, suffering, inconvenience, physical impairment, disfigurement and other non-pecuniary injury. No cap applies to economic damages. Other states in which we now operate do not have similar limitations and in those states we believe our insurance coverage to be sufficient.

Regulation

The healthcare industry is highly regulated, and changes in the regulatory environment could significantly affect our operations in the future. Our ability to operate profitably will depend in part upon us, and the contracted radiology practices and their affiliated physicians, obtaining and maintaining all necessary licenses and other approvals, and operating in compliance with applicable healthcare regulations. We believe that healthcare regulations will continue to change. Therefore, we monitor developments in healthcare law and modify our operations from time to time as the business and regulatory environment changes.

Facilities Licensing and Certification Laws. 
Ownership, construction, operation, expansion and acquisition of diagnostic imaging centers are subject to various federal and state laws, regulations and approvals concerning licensing of centers and personnel. In addition, free-standing diagnostic imaging centers that provide services not performed as part of a physician's office must meet Medicare requirements to be certified as an independent diagnostic testing facility before it can be authorized to bill the Medicare program. 

Corporate Practice of Medicine. 
In the states in which we operate, other than Florida and Arizona, a lay person or any entity other than a professional corporation or other similar professional organization is not allowed to practice medicine, including by employing professional persons or by having any ownership interest or profit participation in or control over any medical professional practice. The laws of such states also prohibit a lay person or a non-professional entity from exercising control over the medical judgments or decisions of physicians and from engaging in certain financial arrangements, such as splitting professional fees with physicians. We structure our relationships with the radiology practices, including the purchase of diagnostic imaging centers, in a manner that we believe keeps us from engaging in the practice of medicine, exercising control over the medical judgments or decisions of the radiology practices or their physicians, or violating the prohibitions against fee-splitting.

 Government Healthcare Programs. 
We derive a substantial portion of our revenue from direct billings to governmental healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, and private health insurance companies and/or health plans, including but not limited to those participating in the Medicare Advantage program. During the year ended December 31, 2024, approximately 22% of our net service revenue generated at our diagnostic imaging centers was derived from federal government sponsored healthcare programs (Medicare) and 2% from state sponsored programs (Medicaid). As a result, any negative changes in governmental capitation or fee-for-service rates or methods of reimbursement for the services we provide could have a significant adverse impact on our revenue and financial results.  Because governmental healthcare programs generally reimburse on a fee schedule basis rather than on a charge-related basis, we generally cannot increase our revenues from these programs by increasing our fees for the specified services. Moreover, if our costs increase, we may not be able to recover our increased costs from these programs. 
Government payors have taken and may continue to take steps to control the cost, eligibility for, use, and delivery of healthcare services as a result of budgetary constraints, cost containment pressures and other reasons. We believe that these trends in cost containment will continue. These cost containment measures, and other market changes in non-governmental insurance plans have generally restricted our ability to recover, or shift to non-governmental payors, any increased costs that we experience. Our integrated care business and financial operations may be materially affected by these developments.

Medicare and Medicaid Fraud and Abuse – Federal Anti-kickback Statute. 
Federal law known as the Anti-kickback Statute prohibits the knowing and willful offer, payment, solicitation or receipt of any form of remuneration in return for, or to induce, (i) the referral of a person, (ii) the furnishing or arranging for the furnishing of items or services or (iii) the purchase, lease or order (or arranging or recommending purchasing, leasing or ordering) of any item or service, which is reimbursable under the Medicare, Medicaid or other governmental programs. Noncompliance with the federal Anti-kickback Statute can result in exclusion from the Medicare, Medicaid or other governmental programs and civil and criminal penalties.

The Anti-kickback Statute is broad, and it prohibits many arrangements and practices that are lawful in businesses outside of the healthcare industry. To create better clarity, the Office of the Inspector General of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services ("OIG") has issued regulations as "safe harbor" guidelines which if met in form and substance, will assure healthcare providers that they will not be prosecuted for violation of the Anti–kickback Statute.  The OIG issued a final rule on November 20, 2020, as part of the Regulatory Sprint to Coordinated Care initiative by the U.S. Department of Health and 
11
Human Services that, among other things, established new "safe harbors" under the Anti-kickback Statute for certain value-based compensation arrangements.  Although full compliance with these provisions ensures against prosecution under the federal Anti-kickback Statute, the failure of a transaction or arrangement to fit within a specific safe harbor does not necessarily mean that the transaction or arrangement is illegal or that prosecution under the federal Anti-kickback Statute will be pursued.
Although some of our arrangements may not fall within a safe harbor, we believe that such business arrangements do not violate the Anti-kickback Statute because we are careful to structure them to reflect fair value and ensure that the reasons underlying our decision to enter into a business arrangement comport with reasonable interpretations of the Anti-kickback Statute. However, even though we continuously strive to comply with the requirements of the Anti-kickback Statute, liability under the Anti-kickback Statute may still arise because of the intentions or actions of the parties with whom we do business. While we are not aware of any such intentions or actions, we have only limited knowledge regarding the intentions or actions underlying those arrangements. Conduct and business arrangements that do not fully satisfy one of these safe harbor provisions may result in increased scrutiny by government enforcement authorities such as the Office of the Inspector General.

Medicare and Medicaid Fraud and Abuse – Stark Law.  
The Ethics in Patient Referral Act of 1989, commonly known as the Stark Law, prohibits a physician from referring Medicare patients to an entity providing designated health services in which the physician (or immediate family member) has an ownership or investment interest or with which the physician (or immediate family member) has entered into a compensation arrangement. The Stark Law also prohibits the entity from billing for any such prohibited referral. The penalties for violating the Stark Law include a prohibition on payment by these governmental programs and civil monetary penalties of as much as $15,000 for each violation referral and $100,000 for participation in a circumvention scheme.

Under the Stark Law, radiology and certain other imaging services and radiation therapy services and supplies are services included in the designated health services subject to the self-referral prohibition. Such services include the professional and technical components of any diagnostic test or procedure using X-rays, ultrasound or other imaging services, CT, MRI, radiation therapy and diagnostic mammography services (but not screening mammography services). PET and nuclear medicine procedures are also included as designated health services under the Stark Law. The Stark Law, however, excludes from designated health services: (i) X-ray, fluoroscopy or ultrasound procedures that require the insertion of a needle, catheter, tube or probe through the skin or into a body orifice; (ii) radiology procedures that are integral to the performance of, and performed during, non-radiological medical procedures; and (iii) invasive or interventional radiology, because the radiology services in these procedures are merely incidental or secondary to another procedure that the physician has ordered.

The Stark Law provides that a request by a radiologist for diagnostic radiology services or a request by a radiation oncologist for radiation therapy, if such services are furnished by or under the supervision of such radiologist or radiation oncologist pursuant to a consultation requested by another physician, does not constitute a referral by a referring physician. If such requirements are met, the Stark Law self-referral prohibition would not apply to such services. The effect of the Stark Law on the radiology practices, therefore, will depend on the precise scope of services furnished by each such practice’s radiologists and whether such services derive from consultations or are self-generated.

Although we receive fees under our service agreements for management and administrative services, we are not in a position to make or influence referrals of patients. We believe that, other than self-referred patients, all of the services covered by the Stark Law provided by the contracted radiology practices derive from requests for consultation by non-affiliated physicians. Therefore, we believe that the Stark Law is not implicated by the financial relationships between our operations and the contracted radiology practices. In addition, we believe that we have structured our acquisitions of the assets of existing practices, and we intend to structure any future acquisitions, so as not to violate the Anti-kickback Statute, Stark Law and the regulations related to these laws. Specifically, we believe the consideration paid by us to physicians to acquire the tangible and intangible assets associated with their practices is consistent with fair value in arms’ length transactions and is not intended to induce the referral of patients or other business generated by such physicians. Should any such practice be deemed to constitute an arrangement designed to induce the referral of Medicare or Medicaid patients, then our acquisitions could be viewed as possibly violating anti-kickback and anti-referral laws and regulations. A determination of liability under any such laws could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Medicare and Medicaid Fraud and Abuse – General. 
The federal government embarked on an initiative to audit all Medicare carriers, which are the companies that adjudicate and pay Medicare claims. These audits are expected to intensify governmental scrutiny of individual providers. An unsatisfactory audit of any of our diagnostic imaging centers or contracted radiology practices could result in any or all of the following: significant repayment obligations, exclusion from Medicare, Medicaid or other governmental programs, and civil and criminal penalties.

12
Federal regulatory and law enforcement authorities have increased enforcement activities with respect to Medicare and Medicaid fraud and abuse regulations and other reimbursement laws and rules, including laws and regulations that govern our activities and the activities of the radiology practices. The federal government also has increased funding to fight healthcare fraud and is coordinating its enforcement efforts among various agencies, such as the U.S. Department of Justice, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Office of Inspector General, and state Medicaid fraud control units. The government may investigate our or the radiology practices’ activities, claims may be made against us or the radiology practices and these increased enforcement activities may directly or indirectly have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

State Anti-kickback and Physician Self-referral Laws. 
Many states have adopted laws similar to the federal Anti-kickback Statute and the Stark Law. Some of these state prohibitions apply to services and the referral of patients for healthcare services reimbursed by any source, not only the Medicare and Medicaid programs. Although we believe that we comply with both federal and state anti-kickback laws and self-referral laws, any finding of a violation of these laws could subject us to criminal and civil penalties or possible exclusion from federal or state healthcare programs. Such penalties would adversely affect our financial performance and our ability to operate our business.

Federal False Claims Act. 
The federal False Claims Act provides, in part, that the federal government may bring a lawsuit against any person who it believes has knowingly presented, or caused to be presented, a false or fraudulent request for payment from the federal government, or who has made a false statement or used a false record to get a claim approved. The federal False Claims Act further provides that a lawsuit thereunder may be initiated in the name of the United States by an individual, a “whistleblower,” who is an original source of the allegations. The government has taken the position that claims presented in violation of the federal Anti-kickback Statute or Stark Law may be considered a violation of the federal False Claims Act. Penalties include civil penalties of not less than $5,500 and not more than $11,000 for each false claim, plus three times the amount of damages that the federal government sustained because of the act of that person.

Further, states are being encouraged to adopt false claims acts similar to the federal False Claims Act, which establish liability for submission of fraudulent claims to the State Medicaid program and contain whistleblower provisions. Even in instances when a whistleblower action is dismissed with no judgment or settlement, we may incur substantial legal fees and other costs relating to an investigation. Future actions under the False Claims Act may result in significant fines and legal fees, which would adversely affect our financial performance and our ability to operate our business. We believe that we are in compliance with the rules and regulations that apply to the federal False Claims Act as well as its state counterparts.

Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
Healthcare reform legislation enacted in the first quarter of 2010 by the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act or PPACA, specifically requires the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, in computing physician practice expense relative value units, to increase the equipment utilization factor for advanced diagnostic imaging services (such as MRI, CT and PET) from a presumed utilization rate of 50% to 75% over a three year period. The Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (H.R. 4872), or Reconciliation Act, fully implemented the higher utilization rate in the beginning of 2011, eliminating the phase-in approach provided in the PPACA. This utilization rate was further increased to 90% by the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012, effective as of January 1, 2014.

The aim of increased utilization of diagnostic imaging services is to spread the cost of the equipment and services over a greater number of scans, resulting in a lower cost per scan. These changes precipitated reductions in federal reimbursement for medical imaging, resulting in decreased revenues per scan for the scans we perform for Medicare beneficiaries. Other changes in reimbursement for services rendered by Medicare Advantage plans may also reduce the revenues we receive for services rendered to Medicare Advantage enrollees.

The PPACA also required individuals to pay additional taxes if he or she was uninsured during the year (the "Individual Mandate"). On December 22, 2017, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act was enacted which, among numerous changes to the tax code, repealed the Individual Mandate tax penalty. Repeal of the Individual Mandate may lead to more people being uninsured, and could raise premium rates for insured persons. Such a development could affect reimbursement, coverage, and utilization of diagnostic imaging services in ways that are currently unpredictable.  Other changes to the PPACA (whether through legislation or judicial action), including further rollbacks of the PPACA being sought by congressional and state members of the Republican Party, or expansion of the PPACA (including, but not limited to, the development of a "public option" that would compete with private insurers to offer coverage to both individuals and those with employer sponsored insurance) being sought by the Biden Administration, could have similarly unpredictable effects.

Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996.  
Congress enacted the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, in part, to combat healthcare fraud and to protect the privacy and security of patients’ individually identifiable healthcare information.  HIPAA, among other things, amends existing crimes and criminal penalties 
13
for Medicare fraud and enacts new federal healthcare fraud crimes, including actions affecting non-government healthcare benefit programs. Under HIPAA, a healthcare benefit program includes any private plan or contract affecting interstate commerce under which any medical benefit, item or service is provided. A person or entity that knowingly and willfully obtains the money or property of any healthcare benefit program by means of false or fraudulent representations in connection with the delivery of healthcare services is subject to a fine or imprisonment, or potentially both. In addition, HIPAA authorizes the imposition of civil money penalties against entities that employ or enter into contracts with excluded Medicare or Medicaid program participants if such entities provide services to federal health program beneficiaries. A finding of liability under HIPAA could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Further, HIPAA requires healthcare providers and their business associates to maintain the privacy and security of individually identifiable protected health information (“PHI”). HIPAA imposes federal standards for electronic transactions, for the security of electronic health information and for protecting the privacy of PHI. The Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009 (“HITECH”), signed into law on February 17, 2009, dramatically expanded, among other things, (1) the scope of HIPAA to now apply directly to “business associates,” or independent contractors who receive or obtain PHI in connection with providing a service to a covered entity, (2) substantive security and privacy obligations, including new federal security breach notification requirements to affected individuals, DHHS and prominent media outlets, of certain breaches of unsecured PHI, (3) restrictions on marketing communications and a prohibition on covered entities or business associates from receiving remuneration in exchange for PHI, and (4) the civil and criminal penalties that may be imposed for HIPAA violations, increasing the annual cap in penalties from $25,000 to $1.5 million per year.

In addition, many states have enacted comparable privacy and security statutes or regulations that, in some cases, are more stringent than HIPAA requirements. In those cases it may be necessary to modify our operations and procedures to comply with the more stringent state laws, which may entail significant and costly changes for us. We believe that we are in compliance with such state laws and regulations. However, if we fail to comply with applicable state laws and regulations, we could be subject to additional sanctions.

We believe that we are in compliance with the current HIPAA requirements, as amended by HITECH, and comparable state laws, but we anticipate that we may encounter certain costs associated with future compliance. Moreover, we cannot guarantee that enforcement agencies or courts will not make interpretations of the HIPAA standards that are inconsistent with ours, or the interpretations of our contracted radiology practices or their affiliated physicians. A finding of liability under the HIPAA standards may result in significant criminal and civil penalties. Noncompliance also may result in exclusion from participation in government programs, including Medicare and Medicaid. These actions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

U.S. Food and Drug Administration or FDA. 
The FDA has issued the requisite pre-market authorization for all of the MRI and CT systems we use.
Our mammography systems are regulated by the FDA pursuant to the Mammography Quality Standards Act of 1992, as amended by the Mammography Quality Standards Reauthorization Acts of 1998 and 2004 (collectively, the “MQSA”), and implementing regulations promulgated by the FDA, including the regulations that the FDA finalized in 2023. All mammography centers are required to meet the applicable MQSA requirements under such laws and regulations, including quality standards, being accredited by an approved accreditation body or state agency and certified by the FDA or an FDA-approved certifying state agency. Pursuant to the accreditation process, each facility providing mammography services must comply with certain standards that include, among other things, annual inspection of the facility's equipment, personnel (interpreting physicians, technologists and medical physicists), equipment, radiation dose, quality assurance programs, and practices, among others.

Compliance with these MQSA requirements and standards is required to obtain Medicare payment for services provided to beneficiaries and to avoid various sanctions, including monetary penalties, or suspension of certification. Although the Mammography Accreditation Program of the American College of Radiology is an approved accreditation body and currently accredits all of our centers which provide mammography services, and although we anticipate continuing to meet the requirements for accreditation, if we lose such accreditation, the FDA could revoke our certification. Congress has extended Medicare benefits to include coverage of screening mammography but coverage is subject to the facility performing the mammography meeting prescribed quality standards described above. The Medicare requirements to meet the standards apply to diagnostic mammography and image quality examination as well as screening mammography.

Radiologist Licensing. 
The radiologists providing professional medical services at our centers are subject to licensing and related regulations by the states in which they provide services. As a result, we require the radiology groups with which we contract to require those radiologists to have and maintain appropriate licensure. We do not believe that such laws and 
14
regulations will either prohibit or require licensure approval of our business operations, although no assurances can be made that such laws and regulations will not be interpreted to extend such prohibitions or requirements to our operations.

Insurance Laws and Regulation. 
States in which we operate have adopted certain laws and regulations affecting risk assumption in the healthcare industry, including those that subject any physician or physician network engaged in risk-based managed care to comply with applicable insurance laws and regulations. These laws and regulations may require physicians and physician networks to meet minimum capital requirements and other safety and soundness requirements. Implementing additional regulations or compliance requirements could result in substantial costs to the contracted radiology practices, limiting their ability to enter into capitated or other risk-sharing managed care arrangements and indirectly affecting our revenue from the contracted practices.

Environmental Matters. 
The facilities we operate or manage generate hazardous and medical waste subject to federal and state requirements regarding handling and disposal. We believe that the facilities that we operate and manage are currently in compliance in all material respects with applicable federal, state and local statutes and ordinances regulating the handling and disposal of such materials. We do not believe that we will be required to expend any material additional amounts in order to remain in compliance with these laws and regulations or that compliance will materially affect our capital expenditures, earnings or competitive position.

Compliance Program. 
We maintain a program to monitor compliance with federal and state laws and regulations applicable to healthcare entities. We have a compliance officer who is charged with implementing and supervising our compliance program, which includes the adoption of (i) Standards of Conduct for our employees and affiliates and (ii) a process that specifies how employees, affiliates and others may report regulatory or ethical concerns to our compliance officer. We believe that our compliance program meets the relevant standards provided by the Office of Inspector General of the Department of Health and Human Services.

An important part of our compliance program consists of conducting periodic audits of various aspects of our operations and that of the contracted radiology practices. We also conduct mandatory educational programs designed to familiarize our employees with the regulatory requirements and specific elements of our compliance program.