Item 1. Business 
AGNC Investment Corp. ("AGNC," the "Company," "we," "us" and "our") was organized on January 7, 2008 and commenced operations on May 20, 2008 following the completion of our initial public offering. Our common stock is traded on The Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol "AGNC." 
We are a leading provider of private capital to the U.S. housing market, enhancing liquidity in the residential real estate mortgage markets and, in turn, facilitating home ownership in the U.S. We invest primarily in Agency residential mortgage-backed securities ("Agency RMBS") on a leveraged basis. These investments consist of residential mortgage pass-through securities and collateralized mortgage obligations for which the principal and interest payments are guaranteed by a U.S. Government-sponsored enterprise, such as the Federal National Mortgage Association ("Fannie Mae") and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation ("Freddie Mac," and together with Fannie Mae, the "GSEs"), or by a U.S. Government agency, such as the Government National Mortgage Association ("Ginnie Mae"). We may also invest in other assets related to the housing, mortgage or real estate markets that are not guaranteed by a GSE or U.S. Government agency.
We operate to qualify to be taxed as a real estate investment trust ("REIT") under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Internal Revenue Code"). As a REIT, we are required to distribute annually 90% of our taxable income, and we will generally not be subject to U.S. federal or state corporate income tax to the extent that we distribute all our annual taxable income to our stockholders on a timely basis. It is our intention to distribute 100% of our taxable income within the time limits prescribed by the Internal Revenue Code, which may extend into the subsequent taxable year.
We are internally managed with the principal objective of generating favorable long-term stockholder returns with a substantial yield component. We generate income from the interest earned on our investments, net of associated borrowing and hedging costs, and net realized gains and losses on our investment and hedging activities. We fund our investments primarily through collateralized borrowings structured as repurchase agreements. 
Investment Management Strategy
We employ an active management strategy that is dynamic and responsive to evolving market conditions. The composition of our portfolio and our investment, funding, and hedging strategies are tailored to reflect our analysis of market conditions and the relative values of available options. Our portfolio management philosophy is based upon the following core objectives:
•
deliver attractive risk-adjusted returns for our stockholders primarily through monthly dividend distributions;
•
maintain an investment portfolio consisting predominantly of Agency RMBS;
•
capitalize on discrepancies in the relative valuations in the Agency and non-Agency securities market; 
•
manage financing, interest rate, prepayment, extension and credit risks; 
•
qualify as a REIT; and 
•
remain exempt from the requirements of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the "Investment Company Act").
Targeted Investments
Asset selection is a central component of our overall investment approach. Our investments consist predominantly of Agency RMBS which, in addition to carrying a GSE or U.S. Government guarantee against loss of principal, are considered a cornerstone of the U.S. financial system. The $8 trillion Agency market plays a vital role in providing liquidity to homeowners and prospective homeowners to purchase or refinance homes.  
Our team of investment professionals has decades of experience investing in Agency RMBS. Our asset selection process involves assessing relative risk-return profiles against the backdrop of broader market conditions. Utilizing sophisticated modeling techniques, we identify assets with favorable underlying loan characteristics with the objective of optimizing returns over the life of the investment.
Agency Securities
•
Agency Residential Mortgage-Backed Securities. 
Agency RMBS consist of pass-through certificates representing interests in "pools" of mortgage loans secured by residential real property. Monthly payments of principal and interest made by the individual borrowers on the mortgage loans underlying the pools are in effect "passed through" to the security holders, after deducting guarantee and servicer fees. In general, mortgage pass-through certificates distribute cash flows from the underlying collateral on a pro rata basis among the security holders. Security holders 
2
also receive guarantor advances of principal and interest for delinquent loans in the mortgage pools. We may also invest in Agency collateralized mortgage obligations ("CMOs"), which are structured instruments backed by a pool of Agency mortgage-backed securities.
•
To-Be-Announced Forward Contracts ("TBAs"). 
TBAs are forward contracts to purchase or sell Agency RMBS in the TBA market. TBA contracts specify the coupon rate, issuer, term and face value of the bonds to be delivered, with the actual bonds to be delivered only identified shortly before the TBA settlement date.
Non-Agency Securities
•
Credit Risk Transfer ("CRT") Securities. 
CRT securities are risk sharing instruments that transfer a portion of the risk associated with credit losses within pools of conventional residential mortgage loans from the GSEs and/or third- parties to private investors. Full repayment of the original principal balance of CRT securities is not guaranteed by the GSE or other third-party; rather, "credit risk transfer" is achieved by writing down the outstanding principal balance of the CRT security if credit losses on the related pool of loans exceed certain thresholds. 
•
Non-Agency Residential Mortgage-Backed Securities ("Non-Agency RMBS"). 
Non-Agency RMBS are structured securities backed by pools of residential mortgages packaged and issued by private institutions, such as a commercial bank or non-bank lender. Certain tranches of non-Agency RMBS may benefit from credit enhancement derived from structural elements, such as subordination, over-collateralization or insurance. We may purchase investment grade instruments that benefit from credit enhancement and non-investment grade instruments that are structured to absorb more credit risk. We focus primarily on non-Agency securities where the underlying mortgages are secured by residential properties within the United States, which may be comprised of prime, non-prime, qualified and non-qualified mortgage loans. 
•
Commercial Mortgage-Backed Securities ("CMBS"). 
CMBS are securities backed by a pool of loans secured by one or more commercial properties. CMBS may also consist of a single loan for a single asset or multiple loans for a group of cross-collateralized assets of a single-borrower. CMBS are typically structured as multiple classes of securities where cash flows are distributed following a predetermined waterfall, which may give priority to selected classes while subordinating other classes. We may invest across the capital structure of these securities. We intend to focus on CMBS where the underlying collateral is secured by commercial properties located within the United States.
Financing Strategy
Our investments in Agency RMBS benefit from asset-driven, as well as AGNC-specific, funding advantages, that enable us to enhance returns using leverage via low-cost and highly liquid collateralized borrowings structured as repurchase agreements.
Repurchase agreements ("repo") involve the sale and a simultaneous agreement to repurchase the transferred assets at a future date. Our borrowings through repurchase transactions are generally short-term, with maturities typically ranging from one day to one year, but may sometimes have maturities of up to five or more years. Our financing rates are primarily impacted by short-term benchmark rates and liquidity in the Agency repo and short-term funding markets. 
The amount of leverage that we utilize depends on market conditions, our assessment of risk and returns and our ability to borrow sufficient funds on favorable terms to acquire mortgage securities. We generally expect our leverage to be within six to twelve times the amount of our tangible stockholders' equity, but under certain conditions we may operate at leverage levels outside of this range. 
We diversify our funding exposure by entering into repurchase agreements with multiple counterparties. We finance a portion of our investments through our wholly-owned captive broker-dealer subsidiary, Bethesda Securities, LLC ("BES"). BES is a member of the Fixed Income Clearing Corporation ("FICC") and has direct access to bilateral and tri-party repo funding as a Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA") member broker-dealer. As an eligible institution, BES also raises repo funding through the General Collateral Finance ("GCF") Repo service offered by the FICC, with the FICC acting as the central counterparty. Thus, through BES, we have greater depth and diversity of funding than solely through traditional bilateral repo, while also lowering our funding cost, reducing our collateral requirements and limiting our counterparty exposure.
We also finance the acquisition of Agency RMBS by entering into TBA dollar roll transactions through which we simultaneously sell a TBA contract for the current month's settlement date and purchase a similar TBA contract for a forward month's settlement date. The TBA contract purchased for the forward settlement date is typically priced at a discount to the TBA contract sold for the current month. The discount, or "price drop", is the economic equivalent of interest income on the underlying Agency RMBS, less an implied financing cost, between the current month and forward month settlement dates. 
3
Prior to the forward settlement date, we may choose to roll the position to a later date by entering into an offsetting TBA position, net settling the paired off positions for cash, and simultaneously entering into a similar TBA contract for a new forward settlement date. Hence the discount or price drop from rolling TBA positions forward is commonly referred to as "TBA dollar roll income." We recognize TBA contracts as derivative instruments on our consolidated financial statements at their net carrying value, which is their fair value less the purchase price to be paid or received under the TBA contract. Consequently, dollar roll transactions represent a form of off-balance sheet financing. In evaluating our overall leverage, we consider both our on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet financing.
Risk Management Strategy 
As a levered investor in fixed income securities, risk management is core to our business. We are exposed to a variety of market risks, including interest rate, prepayment, extension, spread and credit risks. Our investment strategies are based on our assessment of these risks, our ability to hedge a portion of these risks and our intention to qualify as a REIT. We employ a variety of investment and risk management strategies to reduce our exposure to market risks, and we continuously monitor and adjust our hedge portfolio, the net duration (or interest rate sensitivity) of our investment portfolio, and leverage in order to optimize returns over the longer term as market conditions warrant.
Our hedging strategies are generally not designed to protect our net book value from spread risk, which as a levered investor in mortgage-backed securities is the inherent risk we take that the spread between the market yield on our investments and the benchmark interest rates linked to our interest rate hedges fluctuates. In addition, although we attempt to protect our net book value against moves in interest rates, we may not fully hedge against interest rate, prepayment and extension risks if we believe that bearing such risks enhances our return profile, or if the hedging transaction would negatively impact our REIT status. Our risk management actions may lower our earnings and dividends in the short-term to further our objective of preserving our net book value and maintaining attractive levels of earnings and dividends over the long-term. In addition, some of our hedges are intended to provide protection against larger rate moves and as a result may be relatively ineffective for smaller interest rate changes. For additional explanation of our market risks please refer to