Item 3.
Legal Proceedings
20
Item 4.
Mine Safety Disclosures
20
PART II
Item 5.
Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
21
Item 6.
Reserved
22
Item 7.
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
23
Item 7A.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk
37
Item 8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
40
Item 9.
Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
91
Item 9A.
Controls and Procedures
91
Item 9B.
Other Information
93
Item 9C.
Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections
93
PART III
Item 10.
Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
93
Item 11.
Executive Compensation
93
Item 12.
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
93
Item 13.
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
94
Item 14.
Principal Accountant Fees and Services
94
PART IV
Item 15.
Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules
95
Item 16.
Form 10-K Summary
98
Signatures
98
i
Table of Contents

PART I
Forward Looking Statements and Explanatory Note
This annual report contains, and management may make, certain “forward-looking statements” as defined under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Statements of our intentions, beliefs, expectations or predictions for the future, denoted by the words “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “plan,” “project,” “imply,” “intend,” “should,” “foresee” and similar expressions, are forward-looking statements that reflect our current views about future events and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Such risks and uncertainties include those described under “Risk Factors” below and elsewhere in this annual report. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed in, or implied or projected by these forward-looking statements as a result of these risks and uncertainties, many of which are difficult to predict and beyond our control. The Company’s forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report or as of the date they are made, and the Company undertakes no obligation to update its forward-looking statements. The risks described in this annual report are not the only risks we face, and additional risks and uncertainties may impair our business operations. The occurrence of any one or more of the factors described herein or other currently unknown factors could materially adversely affect our business and operating results.