Item 1A. Risk Factors - Our performance depends on favorable labor relations with our employees and our compliance with labor laws. Any deterioration of those relations or increase in labor costs due to our compliance with labor laws could adversely affect our business.”
Available Information
The Company’s website is www.pilgrims.com. The Company makes available, free of charge, through its website, the Company’s annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, directors and officers Forms 3, 4 and 5, and amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after electronically filing such materials with, or furnishing them to, the SEC. The Company may use its website as a distribution channel of material company information. Financial and other important information regarding the Company is routinely posted on and accessible through the Company’s website at http://ir.pilgrims.com
. 
Information contained on the Company’s website is not included as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this annual report.
Information about our Executive Officers
Name
Age
Background and Experience
Dates
Fabio Sandri
53
President and Chief Executive Officer
September 2020 to Present
Matthew Galvanoni
52
Chief Financial Officer
March 2021 to Present
Fabio Sandri was named the Chief Executive Officer in September 2020 and previously served as our Chief Financial Officer from June 2011 to March 2021. From April 2010 to June 2011, Mr. Sandri served as the Chief Financial Officer of Estacio Participações, the private post-secondary educational institution in Brazil. From November 2008 until April 2010, he was the Chief Financial Officer of Imbra SA, a provider of dental services based in Sao Paolo, Brazil. Commencing in 2005 through October 2008, he was employed by Braskem S.A., a New York Stock Exchange-listed petrochemical company headquartered in Camaçari, Brazil, first from 2005 to 2007 as its strategy director, then from 2007 until his departure as its corporate controller. He earned his Master’s of Business Administration degree in 2001 from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania and a degree in electrical engineering in 1993 from Escola Politécnica da Universidade de São Paulo. 
Matthew Galvanoni was named the Chief Financial Officer in February 2021, effective March 2021. Prior to his appointment to the Company, Mr. Galvanoni served as Vice President, Finance, of Ingredion Incorporated, a leading global ingredients solution company, since 2016. Mr. Galvanoni joined Ingredion in 2012, serving in the role of Global Corporate Controller and Chief Accounting Officer, where he managed the company’s accounting-related and external financial reporting responsibilities. Mr. Galvanoni started his career at PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP in 1994 and subsequently held several financial leadership positions at Exelon Corporation, where he most recently served as Assistant Corporate Controller. Mr. Galvanoni graduated from the University of Illinois with a Bachelor’s of Accounting degree and later received a Master’s of Business Administration degree from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University.
5
Table of Contents