Item 1.

Business
Company Overview
Pilgrim’s Pride Corporation (referred to herein as “Pilgrim’s,” “PPC,” “the Company,” “we,” “us,” “our,” or similar terms) is primarily engaged in the production, processing, marketing and distribution of fresh, frozen and value-added chicken and pork products to retailers, distributors and foodservice operators. JBS S.A., through its indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries (together, “JBS”), beneficially owns 82.42% of our outstanding common stock. 
We market our balanced portfolio of fresh, prepared and value-added meat products to a diverse set of customers across the U.S., the U.K. and Europe, Mexico and in over 120 other countries. Our sales efforts are largely targeted towards the foodservice industry, principally chain restaurants and food processors, such as Chick-fil-A® and retail customers, including grocery store chains and wholesale clubs, such as Kroger®, Costco®, Publix® and H-E-B® in the U.S., chain restaurants such as McDonald’s® and grocery store chains such as Sainsbury’s®, Tesco® and Waitrose® in the U.K. and Europe, and grocery store chains such as Wal-Mart® in Mexico.
As a vertically integrated company, we are able to control nearly every phase of the production process, which helps us manage food safety and quality, control margins and improve customer service. Our plants are strategically located to ensure that customers timely receive fresh products. With our global network of approximately 4,500 growers, 35 feed mills, 49 hatcheries, 39 processing plants, 30 prepared foods cook plants, 29 distribution centers, 12 protein conversion facilities and five pet food plants, we believe we are well-positioned to supply the growing demand for our products.
We operate on the basis of a 52/53-week fiscal year ending on the Sunday falling on or before December 31. Any reference we make to a particular year (for example 2024) in the notes to these Consolidated Financial Statements applies to our fiscal year and not the calendar year. Fiscal year 2024 was a 52-week fiscal year and fiscal year 2023 was a 53-week fiscal year.
Reportable Segments
We operate in three reportable segments: U.S., Europe, and Mexico. We produce or purchase for resale chicken products through our operations in the U.S., the U.K. and continental Europe, and Mexico and pork products through our operations in the U.K. We conduct separate operations in the U.S., the U.K., the Republic of Ireland, continental Europe, Puerto Rico and Mexico; however, for geographic reporting purposes, we include Puerto Rico with our U.S. operations. See “Note 20. Reportable Segments” of our Consolidated Financial Statements included in this annual report for additional information.
Products and Markets
Fresh Products Overview.

Our fresh products consist of refrigerated whole or cut-up chicken, frozen whole chickens, breast fillets, mini breast fillets and prepackaged case-ready chicken, and in the U.K., primary pork cuts, added value pork,  pork ribs and lamb products. Our case-ready chicken includes various combinations of freshly refrigerated, whole chickens, chicken parts in trays, bags or other consumer packs labeled and priced ready for the retail grocer’s fresh meat counter. Additionally, we are an important player in the live chicken market in Mexico. In 2024, our fresh product sales accounted for 82.1%, 22.9%, and 84.2% of our total U.S., Europe, and Mexico product sales, respectively. 
Prepared Products Overview. 
Our prepared products include portion-controlled breast fillets, tenderloins and strips, delicatessen products, salads, formed nuggets and patties and bone-in chicken parts. These products are sold either refrigerated 
1
Table of Contents

or frozen and may be fully cooked, partially cooked or raw. In addition, these products may be breaded and/or marinated. Our prepared products include processed sausages, bacon, slow cooked, smoked meat, gammon joints, ready-to-cook variety of meat products, pre-packed meats, sandwich and deli counter meats, pulled pork balls, meatballs and coated foods. In 2024, our prepared foods products sales accounted for 10.3%, 65.8%, and 10.4% of our total U.S., Europe, and Mexico chicken and pork sales, respectively. 
Exported Products Overview.

Exported products primarily consist of whole chickens and chicken parts sold either refrigerated for distributors in the U.S. or frozen for distribution to export markets and in the U.K., primary pork cuts, hog heads and trotters frozen for distribution to export markets. In 2024, our export product sales accounted for 4.4% and 9.3% of our total U.S. and Europe product sales, respectively. 
Market Overview.

Our foodservice market principally consists of chain restaurants, food processors, broad-line distributors and certain other institutions. Our retail market consists primarily of grocery store chains, wholesale clubs and other retail distributors. Our export market consists primarily of customers who purchase for distribution in the U.S., U.K. and continental Europe, or for export to Mexico, the Middle East, Asia, and other international markets. 
Net Sales for Primary Product Lines and Markets
The following table sets forth, for the periods beginning with 2022, net sales attributable to each of our primary product lines and markets served with those products. We based the table on our internal sales reports and their classification of product types.
Years Ended
December 29, 2024
December 31, 2023
December 25, 2022
(In thousands)
U.S. reportable segment:
Fresh products
$
8,731,905 
$
8,105,269 
$
8,624,421 
Prepared foods
1,094,818 
978,423 
1,107,734 
Export
468,553 
533,205 
552,823 
Other products
334,653 
410,846 
463,372 
Total U.S. reportable segment
10,629,929 
10,027,743 
10,748,350 
Europe reportable segment:
Fresh products
1,178,459 
1,074,900 
908,882 
Prepared foods
3,381,178 
3,525,359 
3,104,347 
Export
477,486 
472,656 
712,685 
Other products
99,624 
130,406 
148,824 
Europe reportable segment
5,136,747 
5,203,321 
4,874,738 
Mexico reportable segment:
Fresh products
1,777,815 
1,796,670 
1,587,809 
Prepared foods
220,270 
212,651 
167,589 
Other products
113,530 
121,832 
89,891 
Total Mexico reportable segment
2,111,615 
2,131,153 
1,845,289 
Total net sales
$
17,878,291 
$
17,362,217 
$
17,468,377 
Raw Materials
Grains
. The Company utilizes various raw materials in its operations, including corn, soybean meal and wheat, along with various other ingredients from which the Company produces its own formulated feeds. In 2024, corn, soybean meal and wheat accounted for approximately 42.2%, 38.0% and 5.0% of our feed costs, respectively. The production of feed ingredients is positively or negatively affected primarily by the global level of supply, demand for feed ingredients, the agricultural policies of the U.S. and foreign governments and weather patterns throughout the world. We attempt to mitigate the impact of price volatility on our profitability by decreasing the amount of our products that are sold under longer term fixed-price contracts, broadening our product portfolio and expanding the variety of contracts within our book of business. To also manage this risk, we purchase derivative financial instruments. The Company has long-standing relationships with its sources of grain and other feed ingredients and expects to have an adequate supply for its present needs. 
2
Table of Contents

Live chicks
. The Company’s chicken operations purchase one-day old chicks from a few major breeders. These chicks, when mature, serve as the grandparent and parent stock of the broilers that these operations process for consumption. Should breeder stock from its present suppliers not be available for any reason, the Company believes that it could obtain adequate breeder stock from other suppliers in the regions in which it operates.
Live pigs
. The Company’s pork operations in the U.K. maintain a pig production base that makes up approximately 31.6% of the total number of pigs processed by the Company each year. Additionally, the Company’s pork operations procure live pigs for slaughter within a few days of purchase from numerous independent farmers throughout the U.K. Live pigs sourced from independent farmers make up approximately 68.4% of the total number of pigs processed by the Company each year. Although we generally expect adequate supply of live pigs in the U.K., there may be periods of imbalance in supply and demand.
Trademarks 
We own registered trademarks which are used in connection with our business. The trademarks are important to the overall marketing and branding of our products. A significant portion of our trademarks in our business are registered. In part, our success is partially dependent on the existence and continued protection of these trademarks. As long as the Company continues to use its trademarks, they may be renewed indefinitely. Some of the more significant owned or licensed trademarks used by the Company or its affiliates include Pilgrim’s®, Just Bare®, Gold’n Plump®, Gold Kist®, Country Pride®, Pierce Chicken®, Pilgrim’s® Mexico, Savoro, To-Ricos®, Del Dia®, Moy Park, O’Kane, Richmond, Fridge Raiders and Denny.
Seasonality
The demand for our chicken products generally is greatest during the spring and summer months and lowest during the winter months. The demand for our pork products generally is higher during the summer and peaks during the winter primarily due to the holiday season.
Key Customers
Our two largest customers, which operate in the U.S., together accounted for approximately 16.6% and 13.2% of our consolidated net sales in 2024 and 2023, respectively. No single customer accounted for ten percent or more of our consolidated net sales in either 2024 or 2023.
Competition
The chicken and pork industries in the U.S., the U.K., continental Europe and Mexico are highly competitive. The competitive factors in our business include price, product quality, product development, brand identification, breadth of product line and customer service. We believe that being a vertically integrated chicken company and having a fully integrated supply chain in the pork business may provide long-term cost and quality advantages over non-vertically integrated and other processors. We utilize various advertising and marketing techniques to develop and strengthen trade and consumer awareness and enhance brand loyalty for consumer products. We believe our efforts to achieve and maintain brand awareness and loyalty could support achievement of greater price premiums than would otherwise be the case in certain markets and support and expand our product distribution. We actively seek to identify and address consumer preferences by using qualitative and quantitative consumer research techniques in key geographic markets to discover and validate new product ideas, packaging designs and methods. Although poultry and pork are often relatively inexpensive in comparison with other meats, we also compete indirectly with the producers of other meats and fish, since changes in the relative prices of these foods can alter consumer buying patterns.
Regulation and Environmental Matters
The chicken, pork and prepared foods industries are subject to government regulation, particularly in the health, workplace safety and environmental areas, including provisions relating to the discharge of materials into the environment, treatment and disposal of agricultural and food processing wastes, the use and maintenance of refrigeration systems, ammonia-based chillers, noise, odor and dust management, the operation of mechanized processing equipment and other operations, storm water, air emissions, treatment, storage and disposal of wastes, handling of hazardous substances and remediation of contaminated soil, surface water and groundwater, by the Centers for Disease Control, the United States Department of Agriculture (“USDA”), the Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”), the Environmental Protection Agency (“EPA”), the Occupational Safety and Health Administration and state and local regulatory authorities in the U.S. and by similar governmental agencies in the U.K., the Republic of Ireland, continental Europe and Mexico. Our chicken processing facilities in the U.S. are subject to on-site examination, inspection and regulation by the USDA. The FDA inspects the production of our feed mills in the U.S. Our food processing facilities and feed mills in the U.K., continental Europe and Mexico are subject to 
3
Table of Contents

on-site examination, inspection and regulation by government agencies that perform functions similar to those performed by the USDA and FDA.
The EPA, environmental authorities in the U.K., the Republic of Ireland, continental Europe and Mexico, and/or other U.S. or Mexican state and local authorities may, from time to time, adopt revisions to environmental rules and regulations, and/or changes in the terms and conditions of our environmental permits, with which we must comply. Compliance with existing or new environmental requirements, including more stringent limitations imposed or expected in recently-renewed or soon-to be renewed environmental permits or raw material sourcing, may require additional capital expenditures and operating expenses which may be significant. Moreover, customers in select regions may require additional or more immediate adoption of various regulations, further increasing overall investments and costs.
In the U.K., all poultry farms which exceed a threshold size of 40,000 birds placed are required to carry out activities in compliance with their environmental permits and they must use Best Available Techniques in order to achieve a high level of environmental protection. Our pork sites are independently audited and certified by the British Retail Consortium standard. Many of our pork sites are additionally certified by farm-to-fork traceability schemes including Royal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Assured, Soil Association, Organic Farmers and Growers and Assured Food Standards.
Human Capital Resources
As of December 29, 2024, we employed over 61,600 persons. Our success is largely dependent on the skills, experience and efforts of our employees. We rely on an adequate number of skilled employees to serve in critical production roles, such as processing workers and operations supervisors. In managing our business, we focus on a number of human capital measures or objectives, which are rooted in our core values and include the following items:

Health and Safety. 
A core tenet of our Company is the promotion of a safe and healthy working environment. Key examples of our focus and commitment include:
•
We engage with our team members through the use of safety committees and other safety initiatives to improve the overall safety of the workplace and advance a safety first culture.
•
We train team members on how to identify physical hazards, conduct focused daily, monthly and annual physical hazard assessments at all facilities, ensure that identified physical hazards are logged and ensure timely remediation.
•
Leveraging third-party experts, we conduct regular ergonomic assessments, ensure that identified ergonomic issues are logged and ensure timely remediation.
•
We conduct safety audits of all facilities on an annual basis. These audits include auditing the physical state of the plant, policies, safety culture and our occupational health clinics.
•
Our efforts in 2024 have resulted in year-over-year reductions in severe injuries of 37%. 
Anti-discrimination. 
We value diversity in the workplace, and do not discriminate on the basis of age, color, disability, family or marital status, gender, national origin, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law, regulation, or ordinance. We prohibit discrimination in all recruiting, hiring, promotion, training, compensation, termination, and other employment decisions.
Retention and Career Development.
 We are committed to retaining talented employees at both production and management levels by offering competitive compensation and benefits, as well as leadership training and development opportunities. 
•
We strive to provide competitive pay to our team members and reward top performers. Our benefits offerings include a minimum paid time off and paid sick leave for salaried employees, life and disability insurance and Company-matching retirement plans. 
•
We have extensive leadership training programs, such as our Supervisor Development Program, created to help identify and develop production workers into frontline supervisors, the aforementioned People First Program, designed to equip frontline supervisors with the behavioral and technical skills needed to effectively lead their production teams and our Summit Program, designed to improve the skill set of our senior leadership team. We have found that recognizing our employees’ efforts through training for continued advancement strengthens their performance and helps with our goals to achieve business results. Our employees completed over 1,394,426 training hours during 2024 and over 332,000 training hours during 2023.
4
Table of Contents

Community Support
. We are focused on supporting the communities in which we operate and serve. 
•
Hometown Strong Initiative. 
Hometown Strong, which we launched in 2020, is an initiative to help the communities in which we operate respond to the unexpected challenges on society. We believe the Hometown Strong initiative has provided consequential investment projects and helped communities prepare for unanticipated challenges and build for the future. Since inception, we have committed to Hometown Strong donations of $20 million.
•
Tomorrow Fund. 
The Tomorrow Fund, which we launched in 2019, is a scholarship program designed to support the collegiate scholastic pursuits of our employees and their direct dependents. The Tomorrow Fund awards certain employees scholarships to an eligible university of their choice.
•
Better Futures. 
Better Futures, which we launched in 2021, is the largest privately funded free community college program in rural America, offering free community college to our team members and their dependents. So far, over 2,126 team members or dependents have signed up and 705 have started their selected academic pathway.
Employee Relations. 
We respect our team members’ rights of association, including by joining labor unions and collective bargaining.

Approximately 35.4% of our workforce are covered by a collective bargaining agreement. For additional information, see “