Item 1A.  RISK FACTORS
In addition to the other information contained in this Annual Report, you should consider the following risk factors in evaluating our results of operations, financial condition, business and operations or an investment in the shares of our company. 
The risk factors described in this section have been separated into four groups:
•
risks that relate to the competition we or our affiliates face and the technology used in our businesses;
•
risks that relate to certain financial matters;
•
risks that relate to operating in overseas markets and being subject to foreign regulation; and
•
other risks, including risks that, among other things, relate to the obstacles that may be faced by anyone who may seek to acquire us. 
Although we describe below and elsewhere in this Annual Report the risks we consider to be the most material, there may be other unknown or unpredictable economic, business, competitive, regulatory or other factors that also could have material adverse effects on our results of operations, financial condition, business or operations in the future. In addition, past financial performance may not be a reliable indicator of future performance and historical trends should not be used to anticipate results or trends in future periods. 
If any of the events described below, individually or in combination, were to occur, our businesses, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows could be materially adversely affected. 
Factors Relating to Competition and Technology
We operate in increasingly competitive markets, and there is a risk that we will not be able to effectively compete with other service providers. 
The markets for broadband internet, video, telephony and mobile services are highly competitive. In the provision of video services, we face competition from FTA and digital terrestrial television (
DTT
) broadcasters, video provided via satellite platforms, networks using DSL, VDSL or vectoring technology, multi-channel multi-point distribution system operators, FTTx network operators, OTT video service providers and, in some countries where parts of our systems are overbuilt, cable networks, among others. Our operating businesses are facing increasing competition from video services provided by, or over the networks of, incumbent telecommunications operators and other service providers. As the availability and speed of broadband internet increases, we also face competition from OTT video content providers utilizing our or our competitors’ high-speed internet connections. In the provision of telephony and broadband internet services, we are experiencing increasing competition from the incumbent telecommunications operators and other service providers in each country in which we operate, including for both retail and wholesale products and services, as well as providers of mobile voice and data. The incumbent telecommunications operators typically dominate the market for these services and have the advantage of nationwide networks and greater resources than we have to devote to the provision of these services. Many of the incumbent operators offer double-play, triple-play and quad-play bundles of services. In many countries, we also compete with operators using local loop unbundling to provide these services, other facilities-based operators and wireless providers. Developments in DSL as well as investments in FTTx technology by the incumbent telecommunications operators and alternative providers have improved the attractiveness of our competitors’ products and services and strengthened their competitive position. Developments in wireless technologies, such as 5G, satellite internet and FWA, are creating additional competitive challenges. 
In some of our markets, national and local government agencies may seek to become involved, either directly or indirectly, in the establishment of FTTx networks, DTT systems or other communications systems. While we intend to pursue available options to restrict such involvement or to ensure that such involvement is on commercially reasonable terms, there can be no assurance that we will be successful in these pursuits. As a result, we may face competition from entities not requiring a normal commercial return on their investments. In addition, we may face more vigorous competition than would have been the case if there was no government involvement. 
We expect the level and intensity of competition to continue to increase from both existing competitors and the influx of new market entrants as a result of changes in the regulatory framework of the industries in which we operate, as well as strategic alliances and cooperative relationships among industry participants. Increased competition could result in increased customer churn, reductions in customer acquisition rates for some products and services and significant price and promotional competition in our markets. In combination with difficult economic environments, these competitive pressures could adversely impact our ability to increase or maintain the revenue, average revenue per RGU or mobile subscriber, as applicable (
ARPU
), RGUs, mobile subscribers, Adjusted EBITDA (as defined in note 19 to our consolidated financial statements included in Part II 
I-28
of this Annual Report on Form 10-K), Adjusted EBITDA margins, liquidity and other financial and operational metrics of our operating segments. 
Changes in technology may limit the competitiveness of and demand for our services. 
Technology in the video, telecommunications and data services industries is changing rapidly, including advances in current technologies and the emergence of new technologies. New technologies, products and services may impact consumer behavior and therefore demand for our products and services. The ability to anticipate changes in technology and consumer tastes and to develop and introduce new and enhanced products and services on a timely basis will affect our ability to continue to grow, increase our revenue and number of subscribers and remain competitive. New products and services, once marketed, may not meet consumer expectations or demand, can be subject to delays in development or may fail to operate as intended. A lack of market acceptance of new products and services that we may offer, or the development of significant competitive products or services by others, could have a material adverse impact on our financial and operational results. 
Our significant property and equipment additions may not generate a positive return. 
Significant additions to our property and equipment are, or in the future may be, required to add or retain customers, upgrade or expand our broadband communications networks and to upgrade CPE to enhance our service offerings and improve the customer experience. Additions to our property and equipment require significant capital expenditures for materials and associated labor costs to build out and/or upgrade our networks, as well as for related CPE. Additionally, significant competition, the introduction of new technologies, the expansion of existing technologies, such as FTTx and advanced DSL technologies, the impact of natural disasters or adverse regulatory developments could cause us to decide to undertake previously unplanned builds or upgrades of our networks and CPE. 
No assurance can be given that any newbuilds, rebuilds, acquisitions, upgrades or extensions of our network will increase penetration rates, increase ARPU or otherwise generate positive returns as anticipated, or that we will have adequate capital available to finance such newbuilds, rebuilds, upgrades, acquisitions or extensions. Additionally, costs related to our property and equipment additions could end up being greater than originally anticipated or planned. If this is the case, we may require additional financing sooner than anticipated, we may have to divert funding from other planned projects or we may have to delay or abandon some or all of our development and expansion plans or otherwise forego market opportunities. Additional financing may not be available on favorable terms, if at all, and our ability to incur additional debt on favorable terms or at all will be limited by our debt agreements. If we are unable to, or elect not to, pay for costs associated with adding new customers, expanding, extending or upgrading our networks or making our other planned or unplanned additions to our property and equipment, or are delayed in making such investments, our growth could be limited and our competitive position could be harmed.
We depend almost exclusively on our relationships with third-party programming providers and broadcasters for programming content, and a failure to acquire a wide selection of popular programming on acceptable terms could adversely affect our business. 
The success of our video subscription business depends, in large part, on our ability to provide a wide selection of popular programming to our subscribers. In general, we do not produce our own content, and we depend on our agreements, relationships and cooperation with public and private broadcasters, global and regional app providers, rights holders and collective rights associations to obtain such content. If we fail to obtain a diverse array of popular programming for our pay video services, including a sufficient selection of non-linear content (such as a selection of attractive VoD content) and rights for ancillary services such as DVR and catch-up or ‘Replay’ services, on satisfactory terms, we may not be able to offer a compelling video product to our customers at a price they are willing to pay. Additionally, we are frequently negotiating and renegotiating programming agreements and our annual costs for programming can vary. There can be no assurance that we will be able to renegotiate or renew the terms of our programming agreements on acceptable terms, or at all. There has also been a rise in the number of direct-to-consumer offerings from content owners which impacts negotiations and the content, rights available and restrictions imposed on us. Programming and copyright costs represent a significant portion of our operating costs and are subject to price rises in future periods due to various factors, including (i) higher costs associated with the expansion of our digital video content, including rights associated with ancillary product offerings and rights that provide for the broadcast of live sporting events, and (ii) rate increases, including as a result of inflationary pressures.
If we are unable to obtain or retain attractively priced, competitive content, demand for our existing and future video services could decrease, thereby limiting our ability to attract new customers, retain existing customers and/or migrate customers from lower-tier programming to higher-tier programming, thereby inhibiting our ability to execute our business plans. Furthermore, we may be placed at a competitive disadvantage if certain of our competitors obtain exclusive programming rights, particularly with respect to popular sports and movie programming.
I-29
We depend on third-party suppliers and licensors to supply and support necessary equipment, software and certain services required for our businesses. 
We rely on third-party vendors for the equipment, software and services that we require in order to provide services to our customers. Our suppliers often conduct business worldwide and their ability to meet our needs is subject to various risks, including political and economic instability, natural calamities, interruptions in transportation or supply chain systems, terrorism, armed conflict and labor issues. As a result, we may not be able to obtain or update the equipment, software and services required for our businesses on a timely basis or on satisfactory terms. Any shortfall in CPE could lead to delays in completing extensions or upgrades to our networks and in connecting customers to our services and, accordingly, could adversely impact our ability to maintain or increase our RGUs, revenue and cash flows. Also, if demand exceeds the suppliers’ and licensors’ capacity or if they experience financial or operational difficulties, the ability of our businesses to provide some services may be materially adversely affected, which in turn could affect our businesses’ ability to attract and retain customers. Previously, we have experienced certain business disruptions due to the recent worldwide silicon shortage, which has increased, and may continue to increase, the delivery lead times and pricing of certain of our key components. We cannot predict what future disruptions to our business in relation to any further silicon and related component issues. Although we actively monitor the creditworthiness of our key third-party suppliers and licensors, the financial failure of a key third-party supplier or licensor could disrupt our operations and have an adverse impact on our revenue and cash flows. We rely upon intellectual property that is owned or licensed by us to use various technologies, conduct our operations and sell our products and services. Legal challenges could be made against our use of our or our licensed intellectual property rights (such as trademarks, copyright patents and trade secrets) and we may be required to enter into licensing arrangements on unfavorable terms, incur monetary damages or be enjoined from use of the intellectual property rights in question. 

Spectrum cost and availability and regulation may adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results
. 
As we continue to enhance the quality of our services in certain geographic areas and deploy new technologies, including 5G, we may need to acquire additional spectrum in the future. As a result, we will continue to actively seek to make additional investment in spectrum, which could be significant.
The continued interest in, and acquisition of, spectrum by existing carriers and other commercial and governmental entities may reduce our ability to acquire, and increase the acquisition cost of, spectrum in the secondary market or negatively impact our ability to gain access to spectrum through other means, including government auctions. Our return on investment in spectrum depends on our ability to attract additional customers and to provide additional services and usage to existing customers. Additionally, applicable regulatory bodies may not be able to provide sufficient additional spectrum to auction. We may also be unable to secure the spectrum necessary to maintain or enhance our competitive position in auctions or in the secondary market on favorable terms or at all.
Certain regulatory bodies may impose conditions on the acquisition or use of new wireless broadband mobile spectrum that may negatively impact our ability to obtain spectrum economically or in appropriate configurations or coverage areas.
If we cannot acquire sufficient spectrum, if competitors acquire spectrum that allows them to provide competitive services or if we cannot deploy our services over acquired spectrum on a timely basis, without burdensome conditions, at reasonable costs or while maintaining network quality levels, our ability to attract and retain customers and our business, financial condition and operating results could be materially adversely affected.
Certain of our businesses that offer mobile telephony and data services rely on the radio access networks of third-party wireless network providers to carry our mobile communications traffic. 
Our services to mobile customers in Ireland rely on the use of an MVNO arrangement, currently with Three (Hutchison), whereby we utilize the radio access networks of a third-party wireless network provider to carry our mobile communications traffic. If our MVNO arrangement is terminated, or if Three (Hutchison) fails to provide the services required under our MVNO arrangement, or if it fails to deploy and maintain its network and we are unable to find a replacement network operator on a timely and commercially reasonable basis, or at all, we could be prevented from continuing the mobile services relying on such MVNO arrangement. Additionally, as our MVNO arrangement comes to term, we may not be able to renegotiate renewal or replacement MVNO arrangements on the same or more favorable terms.
Failure in our or third-party technology or telecommunications systems, leakage of sensitive customer data or security breaches could significantly disrupt our operations, reduce our customer base and result in fines, litigation or lost revenue. 
Our success depends, in part, on the continued and uninterrupted performance of our information technology and network systems, including internet sites, data hosting and processing facilities and other hardware, software and technical applications and platforms, as well as our customer service centers. Some of these are managed, hosted, provided or used by third-party service providers or their vendors, to assist in conducting our business. In addition, the hardware supporting a large number of critical systems for our fixed network in a given country or geographic region may be housed in a relatively small number of locations. Our and our third-party service providers’ systems and equipment (including our routers and set-top boxes) are 
I-30
vulnerable to damage or security breach from a variety of sources, including telecommunications failures, power loss (such as blackouts or brownouts), malicious human acts, security flaws and natural disaster or extreme weather events (including heatwaves, large storms and floods, whether or not arising from short-term or long-term changes in weather patterns). Moreover, despite our security measures, unauthorized parties may gain access to or disrupt our or our third-party service providers’ servers, systems and equipment by, among other things, hacking into our servers, systems and equipment or those of our third-party service providers through fraud, computer viruses, worms, phishing, physical or electronic break-ins or burglaries or errors by our or our third-party service providers’ employees. We and our third-party service providers may not be able to anticipate or respond in an adequate and timely manner to attempts to obtain unauthorized access to, disable or degrade our or our third-party service providers’ systems because the techniques for doing so change frequently, are increasingly complex and sophisticated and are difficult to detect for periods of time. In addition, as discussed further below, the security measures and procedures that we and our third-party service providers have in place to protect personal data and other information may not be sufficient to counter all data security breaches, cyber-attacks or system failures. In some cases, mitigation efforts may depend on third parties who may not deliver products or services that meet the required contractual standards or whose hardware, software or network services may be subject to error, defect, delay or outage.
Through our operations, sales and marketing activities, we collect and store certain customer information. This may include phone numbers, drivers license numbers, contact preferences, personal information stored on electronic devices and payment information, including credit and debit card data. We also gather and retain information about employees in the normal course of business. In certain circumstances, where it is lawful to do so, we may share information about such persons with third-party service providers that assist with certain aspects of our business. Unauthorized parties may attempt to gain access to such data and information directly from us or through those third parties using the same methods described in the prior paragraph. As a result, data and information we gather could be subject to misappropriation, misuse, leakage, falsification or accidental release or loss of information maintained in our information technology systems and networks or those of our third-party service providers, including customer and personnel data. As a result of the increasing awareness concerning the importance of safeguarding personal information, the potential misuse of such information and legislation that has been adopted or is being considered in the U.S. and across some or all of our markets regarding the protection, privacy and security of personal information, information-related risks are increasing, particularly for businesses like ours that handle a large amount of personal data. Failure to comply with these data protection laws may result in, among other consequences, fines, litigation or regulatory actions by applicable authoritative bodies.
Despite the precautions we have taken, unanticipated problems affecting our systems and equipment could cause business disruptions, such as failures in our information technology systems, disruption in the transmission of signals over our networks, unauthorized access to the data and information we gather or similar problems. There can be no assurance that the security measures that we have implemented to protect our systems and data, and to prevent, detect and respond to data security incidents, will be successful. Any disruptive situation that causes loss, misappropriation, misuse or leakage of data could damage our reputation and the credibility of our operating companies and could subject us to potential liability, including litigation or other legal actions against us, the imposition of penalties, fines, fees or liabilities, which may not be covered by our insurance policies, and lost customers or revenue. Our cyber liability insurance (including third-party liability and first-party liability) may not be sufficient to protect against all of our businesses’ losses from any future disruptions or breaches of their systems or other events as described above. Also, a cybersecurity breach and the changing cybersecurity landscape could require us to devote significant management resources to address the problems associated with the breach and to expend significant additional resources to upgrade further the security measures we employ to protect customer, employee and other personal information against cyber-attacks and other wrongful attempts to access such information, which could result in a disruption of our operations. This includes additional infrastructure capacity spending to mitigate any system degradation and the reallocation of resources from development activities. To date, other than the non-permitted access of certain legacy Virgin Media databases in February of 2020, we have not been subject to cyberattacks or network disruptions that, individually or in the aggregate, have been material to our operations or financial condition. Although we have not detected another material security breach or cybersecurity incident to date, we have been the target of events of

this nature and expect to be subject to similar attacks in the future. 
Factors Relating to Certain Financial Matters
Our substantial leverage could limit our ability to obtain additional financing and have other adverse effects. 
We seek to maintain our debt at levels that provide for attractive equity returns without assuming undue risk. In this regard, we generally seek to cause our operating subsidiaries and joint ventures to maintain their debt at levels that result in a consolidated debt balance that is between four and five times our consolidated Adjusted EBITDA (using consistent currency exchange rates for debt and Adjusted EBITDA). As a result, we are highly leveraged. At December 31, 2024, the outstanding principal amount of our consolidated debt, together with our finance lease obligations, aggregated $9.2 billion, including $0.9 billion that is classified as current on our consolidated balance sheet and $2.4 billion that is not due until 2029 or thereafter. We believe that 
I-31
we have sufficient resources to repay or refinance the current portion of our debt and finance lease obligations and to fund our foreseeable liquidity requirements during the next 12 months. However, as the amount of debt that is maturing increases in later years, we anticipate that we will seek to refinance or otherwise extend our debt maturities. As a result of unfavorable geopolitical conditions in 2024, credit markets were not offering attractive terms for issuance and thus we did not complete any refinancing transactions on our consolidated businesses. No assurance can be given that we will be able to complete these refinancing transactions or otherwise extend our debt maturities. In this regard, it is not possible to predict how political and economic conditions, sovereign debt concerns or any adverse regulatory developments could impact the credit and equity markets we access and, accordingly, our future liquidity and financial position. 
Our ability to service or refinance our debt and to maintain compliance with the leverage covenants in the credit agreements and indentures of our borrowing groups is dependent primarily on our ability to maintain or increase the Adjusted EBITDA of our operating subsidiaries and joint ventures and to achieve adequate returns on our property and equipment additions and acquisitions. In addition, our ability to obtain additional debt financing is limited by the incurrence-based leverage covenants contained in the various debt instruments of our borrowing groups. For example, if the Adjusted EBITDA of one of our borrowing groups were to decline, our ability to obtain additional debt could be limited. Accordingly, if our cash provided by operations declines or we encounter other material liquidity requirements, we may be required to seek additional debt or equity financing in order to meet our debt obligations and other liquidity requirements as they come due. In addition, our current debt levels may limit our ability to incur additional debt financing to fund working capital needs, acquisitions, property and equipment additions or other general corporate requirements. We can give no assurance that any additional debt or equity financing will be available on terms that are as favorable as the terms of our existing debt, or at all. Further, our board of directors has approved a share repurchase program for Liberty Global in 2025. Any cash used by our company in connection with any future repurchases of our common shares would not be available for other purposes, including the repayment of debt. For additional information concerning our share repurchase programs, see note 14 to our consolidated financial statements included in Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
Certain of our subsidiaries and joint ventures are subject to various debt instruments that contain restrictions on how we finance our operations and operate our businesses, which could impede our ability to engage in beneficial transactions.

Certain of our subsidiaries and joint ventures are subject to significant financial and operating restrictions contained in outstanding credit agreements, indentures and similar instruments of indebtedness. These restrictions will affect, and in some cases significantly limit or prohibit, among other things, the ability of those subsidiaries and joint ventures to: 
•
incur or guarantee additional indebtedness;
•
pay dividends or make other upstream distributions;
•
make investments;
•
transfer, sell or dispose of certain assets, including subsidiary stock;
•
merge or consolidate with other entities;
•
engage in transactions with us or other affiliates; or
•
create liens on their assets. 
As a result of the restrictions contained in these debt instruments, the companies party thereto, and their subsidiaries, could be unable to obtain additional capital in the future to: 
•
fund property and equipment additions or acquisitions that could improve their value;
•
meet their loan and capital commitments to their business affiliates;
•
invest in companies in which they would otherwise invest;
•
fund any operating losses or future development of their business affiliates;
•
obtain lower borrowing costs that are available from secured lenders or engage in advantageous transactions that monetize their assets; or
•
conduct other necessary or prudent corporate activities. 
In addition, most of the credit agreements to which these subsidiaries and joint ventures are parties include financial covenants that require them, in certain circumstances, to maintain certain leverage ratios if the drawings under the applicable 
I-32
revolving credit facility exceed a certain percentage of the commitments under such revolving credit facility. Their ability to meet these financial covenants may be affected by adverse economic, competitive or regulatory developments and other events beyond their control, and we cannot assure you that these financial covenants will be met. In the event of a default under such subsidiaries’ and joint ventures’ credit agreements or indentures, the lenders or bondholders, as applicable, may accelerate the maturity of the indebtedness under those agreements or indentures, which could result in a default under other outstanding credit facilities or indentures. We cannot be certain that any of these subsidiaries or joint ventures will have sufficient assets to repay indebtedness outstanding under their credit agreements and indentures. Any refinancing of this indebtedness is likely to contain similar restrictive covenants. 
We are exposed to interest rate risks. Shifts in such rates may adversely affect the debt service obligations of our subsidiaries and joint ventures. 
We are exposed to the risk of fluctuations in interest rates, primarily through the credit facilities of certain of our subsidiaries and joint ventures, which are indexed to EURIBOR, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (
SOFR
), the Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate (
Term SOFR
), the Sterling Overnight Index Average (
SONIA
) or other base rates. Although we enter into various derivative transactions to manage exposure to movements in interest rates, there can be no assurance that we will be able to continue to do so at a reasonable cost, or at all. If we are unable to effectively manage our interest rate exposure through derivative transactions, any increase in market interest rates would increase our interest rate exposure and debt service obligations, which would exacerbate the risks associated with our leveraged capital structure. 
There have been significant changes in the benchmark interest rates used to set floating rates on our debt and derivative instruments. ICE Benchmark Administration (the entity that administers LIBOR) ceased to publish GBP LIBOR rates after December 31, 2021, and it ceased to publish USD LIBOR rates after June 30, 2023. The methodology for EURIBOR has been reformed and EURIBOR has been granted regulatory approval to continue to be used.

We have agreed amendments in respect of all of our debt and derivative instruments to replace the ceased rates. For USD, these reference SOFR administered by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or Term SOFR administered by CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited. For GBP, these reference SONIA administered by the Bank of England.
We are subject to increasing operating costs and inflation risks, which may adversely affect our results of operations. 
While our operations attempt to increase our subscription rates to offset increases in programming, inputs and operating costs, there is no assurance that they will be able to do so. In certain countries in which we operate, our ability to increase subscription rates is subject to regulatory controls. Also, our ability to increase subscription rates may be constrained by competitive pressures. Therefore, programming, inputs and operating costs may rise faster than associated revenue, resulting in a material negative impact on our cash flows and net earnings or loss. We are also impacted by inflationary pressures, which remain elevated, in salaries, wages, benefits, regulatory, energy and other administrative costs in certain of our markets as a result of, among other things, the ongoing invasion of Ukraine by Russia and the ongoing conflicts in the Middle East.
Continuing uncertainties and challenging conditions in the global economy and in the countries in which we operate may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The current macroeconomic environment is highly volatile, with continued instability in global markets, including ongoing trade negotiations, uncertainty over inflation and interest rates, energy price fluctuations, continued escalation in geopolitical tensions having all contributed to a challenging global economic environment. Future developments are dependent upon a number of political and economic factors, including the higher borrowing levels by countries around the world and the potential for lower growth expectations, changing global interest rates, trade protection policies and continued inflationary pressures. As a result, we cannot predict how long challenging conditions will exist or the extent to which the markets in which we operate may deteriorate. Additional risks arising from the ongoing economic challenges in Europe are described below under the Risk Factor titled: 
We are exposed to sovereign debt and currency instability risks that could have an adverse impact on our liquidity, financial condition and cash flows.
Unfavorable economic conditions, including the current cost-of-living crises in many of the countries in which we operate, may impact a significant number of our subscribers and/or the prices we are able to charge for our products and services and, as a result, it may be (i) more difficult for us to attract new subscribers and maintain current subscribers, (ii) more likely that subscribers will downgrade or disconnect their services and (iii) more difficult for us to maintain ARPUs at existing levels. Countries may also seek new or increased revenue sources due to fiscal deficits. Such actions may further adversely affect our company and our joint ventures. Accordingly, our ability to increase or maintain, the revenue, ARPUs, RGUs, mobile subscribers, Adjusted EBITDA, margins and liquidity of our operating segments could be adversely affected if the macroeconomic environment remains uncertain or declines further. We are currently unable to predict the extent of any of these potential adverse effects.
I-33
We are exposed to sovereign debt and currency instability risks that could have an adverse impact on our liquidity, financial condition and cash flows. 
Our operations are subject to macroeconomic and political risks that are outside of our control. For example, high levels of sovereign debt in the U.S. and several countries in which we or our affiliates operate could potentially lead to additional fiscal reforms (including austerity measures), tax increases, sovereign debt restructurings, high corporate default rates, currency instability, increased counterparty credit risk, high levels of volatility and disruptions in the credit and equity markets, as well as other outcomes that might adversely impact our company. With regard to currency instability issues, concerns exist in the Eurozone with respect to individual macro-fundamentals on a country-by-country basis, as well as with respect to the overall stability of the European monetary union and the suitability of a single currency to appropriately deal with specific fiscal management and sovereign debt issues in individual Eurozone countries. The realization of these concerns could lead to the exit of one or more countries from the European monetary union and the re-introduction of individual currencies in these countries, or, in more extreme circumstances, the possible dissolution of the European monetary union entirely, which could result in the redenomination of a portion or, in the extreme case, all of our euro-denominated assets, liabilities and cash flows to the new currency of the country in which they originated. This could result in a mismatch in the currencies of our assets, liabilities and cash flows. Any such mismatch, together with the capital market disruption that would likely accompany any such redenomination event, could have a material adverse impact on our liquidity and financial condition. Furthermore, any redenomination event would likely be accompanied by significant economic dislocation, particularly within the Eurozone countries, which in turn could have an adverse impact on demand for our products and services, and accordingly, on our revenue and cash flows. Moreover, any changes from euro to non-euro currencies within the countries in which we operate would require us to modify our billing and other financial systems. No assurance can be given that any required modifications could be made within a time frame that would allow us to timely bill our customers or prepare and file required financial reports. In light of the significant exposure that we have to the euro through our euro-denominated borrowings, derivative instruments, cash balances and cash flows, a redenomination event could have a material adverse impact on our company. 
We may not freely access the cash of our operating companies. 
Our operations are conducted through our subsidiaries and joint ventures. Our current sources of corporate liquidity include (i) our cash and cash equivalents, (ii) investments held under separately-managed accounts (
SMAs
) and the levered structure note and (iii) interest and dividend income received on our cash and cash equivalents and investments. From time to time, we also receive (a) proceeds in the form of distributions or loan repayments from our subsidiaries, joint ventures or affiliates, (b) proceeds upon the disposition of investments and other assets and (c) proceeds in connection with the incurrence of debt or the issuance of equity securities. The ability of our operating subsidiaries and joint ventures to pay dividends or to make other payments or advances to us depends on their individual operating results and any statutory, regulatory or contractual restrictions to which they may be or may become subject and in some cases our receipt of such payments or advances may be limited due to tax considerations or the presence of noncontrolling interests. Most of our operating subsidiaries and joint ventures are subject to credit agreements or indentures that restrict sales of assets and prohibit or limit the payment of dividends or the making of distributions, loans or advances to shareholders and partners, including us. In addition, because these subsidiaries and joint ventures are separate and distinct legal entities they have no obligation to provide us funds for payment obligations, whether by dividends, distributions, loans or other payments. 
We are exposed to the risk of default by the counterparties to our cash and short-term investments, derivative and other financial instruments and undrawn debt facilities. 
Although we seek to manage the credit risks associated with our cash and short-term investments, derivative and other financial instruments and undrawn debt facilities, we are exposed to the risk that our counterparties will default on their obligations to us. While we regularly review our credit exposures and currently have no specific concerns about the creditworthiness of any counterparty for which we have material credit risk exposures, we cannot rule out the possibility that one or more of our counterparties could fail or otherwise be unable to meet its obligations to us. Any such instance of default or failure could have an adverse effect on our cash flows, results of operations, financial condition and/or liquidity. In this regard, (i) we may incur losses to the extent that we are unable to recover debts owed to us, including cash deposited and the value of financial losses, (ii) we may incur significant costs to recover amounts owed to us, and such recovery may take a long period of time or may not be possible at all, (iii) our derivative liabilities may be accelerated by the default of our counterparty, (iv) we may be exposed to financial risks as a result of the termination of affected derivative contracts, and it may be costly or impossible to replace such contracts or otherwise mitigate such risks, (v) amounts available under committed credit facilities may be reduced and (vi) disruption to the credit markets could adversely impact our ability to access debt financing on favorable terms, or at all.
At December 31, 2024, our exposure to counterparty credit risk included (i) cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and investments held under SMAs of $2.2 billion, (ii) aggregate undrawn debt facilities of $728.5 million and (iii) derivative assets with an aggregate fair value of $442.4 million. For additional information regarding our investments held under SMAs, derivative instruments and debt, see notes 7, 8 and 11, respectively, to our consolidated financial statements included in Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
I-34
We may not report net earnings. 
We reported earnings (loss) from continuing operations of $1,869.1 million, ($3,659.1 million) and $771.7 million during 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. In light of our historical financial performance, we cannot be certain that we will report net earnings in the near future.
Factors Relating to Operations and Regulation
Our businesses are conducted almost exclusively outside of the U.S., which gives rise to numerous operational risks. 
Our businesses operate almost exclusively in countries outside of the U.S. and are subject to the following inherent risks: 
•
fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates;
•
difficulties in staffing and managing international operations;
•
potentially adverse tax consequences;
•
export and import restrictions, custom duties, tariffs and other trade barriers;
•
increases in taxes and governmental fees;
•
economic and political instability; and
•
changes in foreign and domestic laws and policies that govern operations of foreign-based companies. 
Operational risks that we may experience in certain countries include disruptions of services or loss of property or equipment that are critical to overseas businesses due to expropriation, nationalization, war, insurrection, terrorism or general social or political unrest. 
We are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk. 
We are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk with respect to our debt in situations where our debt is denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of the operations or assets whose cash flows support our ability to repay or refinance such debt. Although we generally match the denomination of our and our subsidiaries’ borrowings with the functional currency of the operations or assets that are supporting the respective borrowings, market conditions or other factors may cause us to enter into borrowing arrangements that are not denominated in the functional currency of the underlying operations (unmatched debt). In these cases, our policy is to provide for an economic hedge against foreign currency exchange rate movements by using derivative instruments to synthetically convert unmatched debt into the applicable underlying currency. At December 31, 2024, substantially all of our debt was either directly or synthetically matched to the applicable functional currencies of the underlying operations. 
We are also exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk with respect to our cash and cash equivalents and investments held under SMAs. A substantial portion of our cash and cash equivalents is held in U.S. dollars, but we hold balances in other currencies reflecting the operational and strategic needs of the company. The investments held under SMAs are generally in U.S. dollars, and any instruments denominated in a foreign currency are generally hedged back to the U.S. dollar.
In addition, we are exposed to foreign currency risk to the extent that we enter into transactions denominated in currencies other than our or our subsidiaries’ respective functional currencies (non-functional currency risk), such as equipment purchases, programming contracts, notes payable and notes receivable (including intercompany amounts). Changes in exchange rates with respect to amounts recorded on our consolidated balance sheets related to these items will result in unrealized (based upon period-end exchange rates) or realized foreign currency transaction gains or losses upon settlement of the transactions. Moreover, to the extent that our revenue, costs and expenses are denominated in currencies other than our respective functional currencies, we will experience fluctuations in our revenue, costs and expenses solely as a result of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Generally, we will consider hedging non-functional currency risks when the risks arise from agreements with third parties that involve the future payment or receipt of cash or other monetary items to the extent that we can reasonably predict the timing and amount of such payments or receipts and the payments or receipts are not otherwise hedged. In this regard, we have entered into foreign currency forward contracts to hedge certain of these risks. For additional information concerning our foreign currency forward contracts, see note 8 to our consolidated financial statements included in Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
We are also exposed to unfavorable and potentially volatile fluctuations of the U.S. dollar (our reporting currency) against the currencies of our operating subsidiaries when their respective financial statements are translated into U.S. dollars for inclusion in our consolidated financial statements. Cumulative translation adjustments are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive earnings or loss as a separate component of equity. Any increase (decrease) in the value of the U.S. dollar against any foreign currency that is the functional currency of one of our operating subsidiaries will cause us to experience 
I-35
unrealized foreign currency translation losses (gains) with respect to amounts already invested in such foreign currencies. Accordingly, we may experience a negative impact on our comprehensive earnings or loss and equity with respect to our holdings solely as a result of foreign currency translation. Our primary exposure to foreign currency translation risk during the three months ended December 31, 2024 for our continuing operations was to the euro, as substantially all of our reported revenue during the period was derived from subsidiaries whose functional currencies are the euro. In addition, our reported operating results are impacted by changes in the exchange rates for other local currencies in Europe. We do not hedge against the risk that we may incur non-cash losses upon the translation of the financial statements of our subsidiaries and affiliates into U.S. dollars. 
Our businesses are subject to risks of adverse regulation.

Our businesses are subject to the regulatory regimes of the countries in which they operate. Broadband internet, video distribution, telephony and mobile services are subject to licensing or registration eligibility rules and regulations, which vary by country. Countries in which we operate may adopt laws and regulations regarding electronic commerce or electromagnetic radiation mitigation measures, which could dampen the growth of the broadband or mobile services being offered and developed by our businesses. In a number of countries, our ability to increase prices for or change our services, including the programming packages we offer, is limited by regulation or conditions imposed by competition authorities, is subject to review by regulatory authorities or is subject to termination rights of customers. More significantly, regulatory authorities may require us, particularly if we are deemed to possess SMP or there are significant economic or physical replicability barriers, to grant third parties access to our networks, facilities or services to distribute their own services or resell our services to end customers. Consequently, our businesses must adapt their ownership and organizational structures as well as their pricing and service offerings to satisfy the rules and regulations to which they are subject. A failure to comply with applicable rules and regulations could result in penalties, restrictions on our business, loss of required licenses or other adverse conditions. 
Adverse changes in rules and regulations could: 
•
impair our ability to use our networks in ways that would generate optimal financial results;
•
create a shortage of capacity on our networks, which could limit the types and variety of services we seek to provide our customers;
•
impact our ability to access spectrum for our mobile services; 
•
strengthen our competitors by granting them access and lowering their costs to enter into our markets; and
•
significantly and adversely impact our results of operations. 
Businesses, including ours, that offer multiple services, such as video distribution as well as broadband, telephony, and/or mobile services, or that are vertically integrated and offer both video distribution and programming content, often face close regulatory scrutiny from competition authorities. This is particularly the case with respect to any proposed business combinations that often require clearance from the European Commission or national competition authorities, which can block, impose conditions on or delay an acquisition, thus possibly hampering our opportunities for growth. Additional scrutiny is also imposed under the national foreign direct investment screening regimes recently adopted by the U.K. and some E.U. Member States, which allow national governments to review and impose conditions on certain transactions involving critical infrastructures such as telecommunications. In the event conditions are imposed and we fail to meet them in a timely manner, the relevant authority or governments may impose fines and, if in connection with a transaction, may require restorative measures, such as a disposition of certain assets or operations. 
For information on certain other regulatory developments that could adversely impact our results of operations in future periods, see 
Legal and Regulatory Proceedings and Other Contingencies
 in note 18 to our consolidated financial statements included in Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
New and existing legislation, and interpretations thereof, may significantly alter the regulatory regimes applicable to us, which could adversely affect our competitive position and profitability, and we may become subject to more extensive regulation, particularly if we are deemed to possess SMP in any of the markets in which we operate. 
Significant changes to the existing regulatory regimes applicable to the provision of broadband, video, telephony and mobile services have been and are still being introduced. For example, in the E.U., the Code is the primary source of communications regulation affecting our E.U. businesses, including access, user and privacy rights, video must-carry services and our competitive activities. The U.K. has a system that largely reflects the principles of the E.U. In addition, we are subject to regular review by national regulatory authorities in the E.U. and the U.K. concerning whether we exhibit SMP. A finding of SMP can result in our company becoming subject to open access, pricing and other requirements that could potentially advantage our competitors. This has 
I-36
resulted, for example, in obligations with respect to call termination for our telephony business in Europe and video and broadband internet access obligations in Belgium. 
If any laws, regulations or rules are enacted or interpreted so as to expand the regulation of our products and services or our disclosure obligations, this could affect our operations or require significant expenditures. We cannot predict future developments in these areas, and any changes to the regulatory framework for our products and services or our disclosure obligations could have a negative impact on our business and results of operations. 
The U.K.’s departure from the E.U. could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. 
The U.K. formally exited the E.U. on January 31, 2020, and on December 24, 2020, entered into the E.U.-U.K. Agreement. For more information regarding the E.U.-U.K. Agreement, see the