Item 1.  BUSINESS
Who We Are
We are Liberty Global Ltd. (formerly Liberty Global plc)

(
Liberty Global
), a dynamic team of operators and investors generating and delivering shareholder value through the strategic management of three platforms — Liberty Telecom, Liberty Growth and Liberty Services.
Through Liberty Telecom, we have built fixed mobile convergence (
FMC
) national champions that deliver market-leading connectivity and entertainment products through next-generation networks, providing approximately 80 million connections (at December 31, 2024) through some of Europe’s best-known consumer brands. We are pursuing strategies in each market to drive commercial momentum, finance and monetize network infrastructure, and pursue accretive transactions to deliver value to our shareholders.   
Liberty Growth invests, grows and rotates capital into scalable businesses across the technology, media/content, sports and infrastructure industries that we believe create unique opportunities to generate shareholder value. As of December 31, 2024, Liberty Growth holds investments valued at $3.1 billion in approximately 70 companies and funds, including stakes in ITV plc (
ITV
), Televisa Univision, Inc. (
Televisa Univision
), Plume Design, Inc. (
Plume
), EdgeConneX, Inc. (
EdgeConneX
) and AE Group Sàrl (
AtlasEdge
), as well as our controlling interest in Formula E Holdings Ltd. (
Formula E
). 
Liberty Services offers innovative technology and finance service platforms that capitalize on our scale, best practices and expertise. Liberty Services currently generates most of its revenue from certain of our affiliates and related parties, however, it is focused on growing its unique scaled-based services to third parties. 
Primary Business Operations
:
Brand
Entity
Location
Ownership
(1)
Telenet
Belgium 
100.0%
Virgin Media
Ireland
100.0%
UPC Slovakia
Slovakia
100.0%
Virgin Media O2
United Kingdom
50.0%
VodafoneZiggo
Netherlands
50.0%
(1)
As of December 31, 2024.
I-1
General Development of Business
As a result of a series of mergers that were completed on June 7, 2013, Liberty Global plc became the publicly-held parent company of the successors by merger of Liberty Global, Inc. (the predecessor to Liberty Global plc) and Virgin Media Inc. (
Virgin Media
). On November 23, 2023, Liberty Global plc completed a statutory scheme of arrangement, pursuant to which a new Bermudan company, Liberty Global Ltd., became the sole shareholder of Liberty Global plc and the parent entity of the entire group of Liberty Global companies (the 
Redomiciliation
). The Redomiciliation resulted in the Liberty Global group parent company changing its jurisdiction of incorporation from England and Wales to Bermuda. In this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the terms “we”, “our”, “our company” and “us” may refer, as the context requires, to Liberty Global (or its predecessors) or collectively to Liberty Global (or its predecessors) and its subsidiaries and any of its joint ventures. Unless otherwise indicated, convenience translations into United States (
U.S.
) dollars are calculated as of December 31, 2024, and operational data, including subscriber statistics and ownership percentages, are as of December 31, 2024. 
Acquisitions and Dispositions
We have completed a number of strategic acquisitions, dispositions and joint ventures over the last several years. We made or entered into these acquisitions, dispositions and joint ventures in order to execute on our strategy to concentrate on markets where we can focus on creating national champion FMC businesses in core markets and unlock significant synergies. 
Acquisitions
. Our significant acquisitions include:
•
On October 2, 2024 (the 
Formula E Acquisition Date
), we gained control of Formula E through the acquisition of the Formula E shares held by Warner Bros. Discovery, Inc. (
Warner Bros. Discovery
) and certain other minority shareholders, which increased our ownership interest in Formula E from 38.2% to 65.6% (the 
Formula E Acquisition
). We also acquired a shareholder loan from Warner Bros. Discovery to Formula E upon closing of the transaction. Upon closing of the Formula E Acquisition, we began consolidating 100% of Formula E’s results.
•
On October 13, 2023, we completed the acquisition of all of the shares of Telenet Group Holding N.V. (
Telenet
) that we did not already hold through an all cash public tender offer (the 
Telenet Takeover Bid
). All shares not acquired through the tender offer process were acquired through a statutory simplified “squeeze-out” procedure under applicable Belgian law. Telenet is now a wholly-owned, indirect subsidiary of Liberty Global.
Joint Ventures
. Our significant joint venture transactions include: 
•
On July 1, 2023, pursuant to an agreement dated July 19, 2022, Telenet and Fluvius System Operator CV (
Fluvius
) created an independent infrastructure company (
Wyre
) within their combined geographic footprint in the Flanders region of Belgium and in parts of Brussels (the 
Telenet Wyre Transaction
). The companies each contributed certain cable infrastructure assets with Telenet and Fluvius owning 66.8% and 33.2% of Wyre, respectively. Telenet and Liberty Global began consolidating Wyre’s results upon the closing of the transaction.
•
On December 15, 2022, we contributed cash to a newly-formed joint venture in the United Kingdom (
U.K.
) (the 
nexfibre JV
) that is anticipated to roll-out a new fiber network to 5-7 million new homes in the U.K. that are outside the existing footprint of the VMO2 JV (as defined below). We beneficially own approximately 25% of the nexfibre JV, Telefónica (as defined below) beneficially owns 25% and InfraVia Capital Partners (
InfraVia
) beneficially owns the remaining 50%. We account for our interest in the nexfibre JV as an equity method investment.
Dispositions
. Our significant dispositions include:
•
On November 8, 2024, we completed the spin-off of our former wholly-owned subsidiary, Sunrise Communications AG (
Sunrise
), following a series of transactions that resulted in the transfer to Sunrise of our Swiss telecommunications operations (the 
Spin-off
). In connection with the Spin-off, we agreed to provide certain transitional services to Sunrise for a period of up to five years. These services principally comprise information technology, back-office, compliance and specialty services functions. 
•
On June 1, 2022, Telenet completed the sale of substantially all of its passive infrastructure and tower assets to DigitalBridge Investments LLC (
DigitalBridge
) (the 
Telenet Tower Sale
). As part of the Telenet Tower Sale, Telenet entered into a master lease agreement to lease back the passive infrastructure and tower assets from DigitalBridge for an initial period of 15 years (the 
Telenet Tower Lease Agreement
). As part of the Telenet Tower Lease Agreement, 
I-2
Telenet has also committed to lease back 475 build-to-suit sites over the term of the lease. Telenet will act as an agent over the construction of future towers on the build-to-suit sites.
•
On April 1, 2022, we completed the sale of our operations in Poland (
UPC Poland
) to a subsidiary of iliad S.A. (
iliad
). In connection with the sale of UPC Poland, we agreed to provide certain transitional services to iliad for a period of up to five years. These services principally comprise network and information technology-related functions. 
Other Transactions
•
On November 23, 2023, we completed the Redomiciliation, as described above in this section. Our shares continue to trade on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the same ticker symbols as they did prior to the Redomiciliation (LBTYA, LBTYB and LBTYK). 
•
On August 15, 2023, we announced a new strategic collaboration with Infosys to help scale Liberty Global’s digital entertainment and connectivity platforms. The agreement has an initial five-year term, with an option to extend to eight years. Under this partnership, Liberty Global will license certain of its intellectual property to Infosys, who will then market our entertainment and connectivity platforms to customers outside of Liberty Global’s family of companies. As part of this arrangement, Liberty Global will continue to control the product roadmaps and retain the intellectual property for such platforms. 
Equity Transactions 
Share repurchases are an important part of our strategy in creating value for our shareholders. Under our 2024 share repurchase program, we were authorized to repurchase up to 10% of our outstanding shares (measured at the start of the year) during 2024. This target was fully achieved on December 30, 2024. Our board of directors has approved a new share repurchase program for 2025 pursuant to which we are authorized to repurchase up to 10% of our outstanding shares as of December 31, 2024
. 
The following table provides a summary of our share repurchases during 2024.
Title of shares
Number of shares
Average price paid per share
(1)
Aggregate purchase price
(1)
in millions
Class A common shares
— 
$
— 
$
— 
Class C common shares
38,260,604 
$
17.73 
678.5 
Total
$
678.5 
_______________
(1)
Amounts include direct acquisition costs.
For a further description of our share repurchases, see note 14 to our consolidated financial statements included in Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
Forward Looking Statements
Certain statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. To the extent that statements in this Annual Report are not recitations of historical fact, such statements constitute forward-looking statements, which, by definition, involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. In particular, statements under