Item  1.
Business
We are a biopharmaceutical company committed to redefining the retina experience. AXPAXLI (axitinib intravitreal hydrogel, also known as OTX-TKI), our product candidate for retinal disease, is based on our proprietary ELUTYX bioresorbable hydrogel-based formulation technology. AXPAXLI is currently in two repeat-dosing Phase 3 clinical trials for the treatment of wet age-related macular degeneration, or wet AMD, which we refer to as the SOL-1 and the SOL-R trials. We have also completed a Phase 1 clinical trial of AXPAXLI for the treatment of non-proliferative diabetic retinopathy, or NPDR, which we refer to as the HELIOS trial. We intend to meet with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, in the first half of 2025 to discuss the design of a potential registrational clinical program for AXPAXLI for the treatment of NPDR and diabetic macular edema, or DME, and then evaluate our next steps.
We also leverage the ELUTYX technology in our commercial product DEXTENZA, an FDA-approved corticosteroid for the treatment of ocular inflammation and pain following ophthalmic surgery and for the treatment of ocular itching associated with allergic conjunctivitis, and our product candidate PAXTRAVA (travoprost intracameral hydrogel, also known as OTX-TIC), which is currently in a Phase 2 clinical trial for the treatment of open-angle glaucoma, or OAG, or ocular hypertension, or OHT.
DEXTENZA and our product candidates in clinical development generally incorporate therapeutic agents that have previously received regulatory approval from the FDA, including small molecules, into ELUTYX, with the goal of providing local programmed release to tailor the duration and amount of the therapeutic agent to be delivered to the eye.
The hydrogel technology that underpins ELUTYX has been used in the human body since 1992 and has demonstrated its safety and effectiveness in over five million patients across eight FDA-approved treatments since that time. Our own approved product DEXTENZA, the first and only drug-eluting intracanalicular insert approved by the FDA, has been used in nearly 550,000 eyes since launch with reported adverse events in approximately 2 of every 10,000 patients. As a result, we believe that the ELUTYX technology is well tolerated.
We believe the ELUTYX technology can provide delivery solutions for durable therapies for wet AMD, NPDR, DME, proliferative diabetic retinopathy, or PDR, 
retinal vein occlusion, or RVO,
 and other diseases and conditions of the eye, such as glaucoma. Our ELUTYX-based products and product candidates are hydrogels with ester bonds that are hydrolyzed over time by aqueous or vitreous humor fluid within the eye. Unlike traditional implants, the ELUTYX-based hydrogel is not rigid, does not have a shell, and does not persist following dissolution of the active drug.  The factors that regulate the bioresorption of our ELUTYX polymer are temperature and pH of the aqueous environment. As body temperature and pH of the human aqueous environment are within a typical range for humans, and since water levels in the aqueous or vitreous humor are more than sufficient to saturate our polymer matrix, we believe we can program our products and product candidates so that the polymer will be intact long-enough to deliver the active pharmaceutical ingredient and then be fully bioresorbed. We believe that the ELUTYX safety profile is further supported because ELUTYX does not create an acidic microenvironment, it is easily eliminated from the eye, does not leave behind harmful byproducts, and it has soft gel properties.
AXPAXLI is seeking to address segments of the exudative retinal diseases market, which in the aggregate is estimated to include up to 8.5 million patients in the United States by 2029 and accounted for approximately $9.5 billion in U.S. annual estimated revenues in 2024, according to the Market Scope 2024 Retinal Pharmaceuticals Market Report: Wet AMD and Other Exudative Diseases, published in September 2024, or the “Market Scope 2024 Retina Report.
5

Table of Contents
The following table summarizes the status of our key product candidates and development programs. We hold worldwide exclusive commercial rights to the core technology underlying all of our product candidates in development and have not granted commercial rights to any marketing partners other than a license agreement and collaboration with AffaMed Therapeutics Limited, or AffaMed, for the development and commercialization of DEXTENZA and PAXTRAVA in certain geographies in Asia agreed to between the parties.
PIPELINE AT A GLANCE
Our Strategy
Our strategy is to advance our pipeline of clinical assets, focusing specifically on our programs for wet AMD as well as NPDR and DME, while we continue to build upon our experience in commercializing ophthalmology products. The key tactics of our strategy are: 
●
Advance our AXPAXLI clinical development programs. 
●
Wet AMD: Continue the SOL-1 trial, as amended to incorporate re-dosing, and report topline data on the primary efficacy endpoint in the first quarter of 2026. Complete enrollment and randomization of the SOL-R trial expeditiously.
●
NPDR and DME: Seek FDA feedback in the first half of 2025 to discuss the design of a potential registrational clinical program and then evaluate our next steps.
●
Scale up our commercialization and manufacturing capabilities.
●
Initiate activities to build on our existing sales, marketing and distribution capabilities, which we currently use to market DEXTENZA, to prepare for potential commercialization of AXPAXLI for the treatment of wet AMD as well as NPDR and DME.
●
Build out and validate our manufacturing operations in our existing facilities.
We will evaluate our next steps for PAXTRAVA for the treatment of OAG or OHT once we have completed the Phase 2 clinical trial for this program.
Limitations of Back-of-the-Eye Injections
An intravitreal injection is a procedure to place a medication directly into the space in the back of the eye called the vitreous cavity, which is filled with a jelly-like fluid called the vitreous humor gel. The procedure is usually performed by a trained retina specialist in the office setting. Intravitreal injections are used to administer medications to treat a variety of chronic conditions; wet AMD, DR, DME, and RVO, are among the most common conditions treated with intravitreal drugs. The most common intravitreal injections are anti-VEGF (vascular endothelial growth factor, or VEGFs) drugs. Anti-VEGF drugs and steroids, which also can be injected intravitreally, help to reduce fluid leakage associated with these disorders.
6

Table of Contents
While anti-VEGF treatment regimens can be very effective therapies, there are a number of significant drawbacks, driven primarily by the frequency of injections. Patients typically require injections every six to eight weeks, but can require them as frequently as every 4 weeks. We refer to the number of injections a patient has over a given time period as the treatment burden of the particular treatment. The actual injection at the time of administration is often uncomfortable for patients and can be a deterrent in terms of compliance. Then there is the burden to both patients and their caregivers of regular office visits. These patients may not be mobile enough to travel to the office on their own and therefore require not only the assistance of a caregiver but also transportation to and from the office. These patients may also be younger, part of the active workforce and therefore unwilling or unable to take personal time off to receive frequent injections. Furthermore, frequent injections of medications to the back of the eye can lead to peaks and troughs of medication levels, with fluctuations of intraretinal fluid based on these levels. Such fluid fluctuations have been associated with decreased vision and possibly fibrosis. Finally, while intravitreal injections are typically safe, there is the potential risk of endophthalmitis (infection in the eye), inflammation, bleeding into the vitreous gel and retinal detachment that comes with injections.
As a result of these limitations, there is a significant unmet need for technologies that will allow for a longer duration of effect and an overall reduced treatment burden, measured by the number of injections.
Clinical Portfolio
Retinal Diseases
Wet Aged-Related Macular Degeneration (Wet AMD)
Wet AMD is a serious disease of the central portion of the retina, known as the macula, an oval-shaped pigmented area that is responsible for detailed central vision and color perception. Wet AMD is characterized by abnormal new blood vessel formation, referred to as neovascularization, which results in blood vessel leakage and retinal distortion. If untreated, neovascularization in wet AMD patients typically results in formation of a scar under the macular region of the retina. The current standard of care for wet AMD is treatment with drugs that target VEGF, one of several proteins involved in neovascularization and hyper-permeability of established and new blood vessels.
Wet AMD is the most common cause of visual impairment among patients over the age of 50 years in developed countries. According to the Market Scope 2024 Retina Report, there were approximately 1.7 million people in the United States who suffered from wet AMD in 2024. This population is expected to grow at a 3.2% compound annual growth rate, or CAGR, through 2029.
The anti-VEGF market for the treatment of wet AMD consists predominantly of four drugs that are approved for marketing and primarily prescribed for the treatment of wet AMD: Eylea and Eylea HD, marketed in the United States by Regeneron; Lucentis, marketed in the United States by Genentech; and Vabysmo, marketed in the United States by Genentech. Bevacizumab, also known as Avastin, an anti-VEGF therapy approved for the treatment of certain cancers, is also used off-label in ophthalmology. 
Non-Proliferative Diabetic Retinopathy (NPDR) and Diabetic Macular Edema (DME)
Diabetic retinopathy, or DR, is a progressive condition in which chronically elevated levels of blood glucose lead to damage of the tiny blood vessels in the retina. DR is among the most common microvascular complications of diabetes, making diabetes the leading cause of new cases of blindness in adults. DR can take time to develop. NPDR, which is an early stage of DR and sometimes called background retinopathy, is often asymptomatic and may go unnoticed until it is very advanced with vision loss imminent. PDR is the most serious stage of the disease that develops when areas of the retina are starved for nourishment and oxygen, triggering the proliferation of new blood vessels via secretions of growth factors including VEGFs. These new blood vessels can bleed or lead to tractional retinal detachments, or both, and permanent vision loss. Another visual threatening complication of DR is DME where the damaged blood vessels leak blood and fluid into the retina. The current standard of care for DR at the non-proliferative stage is watchful waiting, with the use of anti-VEGFs or steroids when the disease has progressed to center-involved DME, or CI-DME, or the proliferative stage. In addition, laser treatment can be used to manage DR.
7

Table of Contents
It is estimated that there were 6.3 million cases of NPDR and 1.7 million cases of DME in the United States in 2024 according to the Market Scope 2024 Retina Report, growing at a CAGR of 1.7% and 1.9%, respectively, through 2029.
The anti-VEGF market for the treatment of DR consists predominantly of three drugs that are approved for marketing, although only sparingly used for the treatment of DR: Lucentis, Eylea, and Eylea HD.
Retinal Programs
AXPAXLI (axitinib intravitreal hydrogel)
Our product candidate AXPAXLI is an investigational, bioresorbable hydrogel implant, based on our ELUTYX technology, incorporating axitinib, a small molecule, multi-target, tyrosine kinase inhibitor, or TKI, with anti-angiogenic properties. AXPAXLI is delivered by intravitreal injection and is designed for a duration of six months or longer. Our wet AMD registrational program for AXPAXLI is comprised of two ongoing complementary clinical trials, SOL-1 and SOL-R, which are strategically designed with the intent of de-risking subject populations, aligning with regulatory standards, and providing a broad evaluation of AXPAXLI’s durability, repeatability, and flexibility. We have also conducted a Phase 1 clinical trial in Australia and a Phase 1 clinical trial in the United States to evaluate AXPAXLI for the treatment of wet AMD. We have completed the HELIOS trial to evaluate AXPAXLI for the treatment of NPDR. We intend to meet with the FDA in the first half of 2025 to discuss the design of a potential registrational clinical program for AXPAXLI for the treatment of NPDR and DME and then evaluate our next steps.
We believe axitinib is well suited for use with our platform given its high potency, multi-target capability, and compatibility with a hydrogel vehicle. In the absence of a sophisticated drug delivery system, TKIs have been difficult to deliver to the eye for acceptable time frames at therapeutic levels without causing local and systemic toxicity due to low drug solubility, very short half-lives in solution, and off-target effects. We believe ELUTYX gives us potential advantages to address all three of these challenges. Our initial hydrogel implants have delivered anti-VEGF compounds 
in vitro
 over a targeted nine-to-twelve-month period, which we believe could make it possible to reduce patients’ treatment burden by reducing the frequency of the current monthly or bi-monthly intravitreal injection regimen for wet AMD.
We conducted the two Phase 1 trials of AXPAXLI for the treatment of wet AMD with different formulations of axitinib. We are conducting the SOL-1 and SOL-R trials with a single 450 µg axitinib dose of AXPAXLI, which is a different formulation than we used in either of the two Phase 1 trials of AXPAXLI for the treatment of wet AMD. This optimized configuration is expected to provide for an increased daily release of the drug and is designed to improve synchronization of axitinib drug release with hydrogel bioresorption.
The two Phase 1 trials of AXPAXLI for the treatment of wet AMD, the HELIOS trial, and the initial portions of the SOL-1 and SOL-R trials were conducted with a two-piece injector. We have developed a next-generation one-piece injector which we believe improves the administration of AXPAXLI to the eye. We expect to use this one-piece injector for the administration of AXPAXLI in a majority of the subjects in the AXPAXLI arm of the SOL-R trial and for the repeat-dosing of AXPAXLI in all subjects in the AXPAXLI arm of the SOL-1 trial.
Wet Age-Related Macular Degeneration (Wet AMD)
The SOL-1 Trial
We are currently conducting the SOL-1 trial, a repeat-dosing registrational Phase 3 clinical trial for the treatment of wet AMD. The SOL-1 trial is designed as a prospective, multi-center, randomized, parallel-group trial that involves more than 100 trial sites located in the United States and Argentina. The SOL-1 trial is designed as a superiority trial comparing a single optimized dose of AXPAXLI with a drug load of 450 µg of axitinib to a single injection of aflibercept 2 mg and assessing the safety and efficacy of AXPAXLI in subjects with wet AMD. The primary endpoint is the proportion of subjects who maintain visual acuity, defined as a Best Corrected Visual Acuity, or BCVA, loss of fewer than 15 letters on the Early Treatment of Diabetic Retinopathy Study, or ETDRS, letters chart from baseline at Week 36. This superiority trial has an 8-week loading segment with two monthly aflibercept 2 mg intravitreal injections prior to randomization, thereafter a 52-week masked treatment segment, and a 52-week safety follow-up with re-dosing 
8

Table of Contents
at Weeks 52 and 76. The design of the SOL-1 trial enhances the potential for a 6 - 12 month dosing label for AXPAXLI for the treatment of wet AMD and also provides insights into the long-term durability of AXPAXLI.
The SOL-1 trial is intended to randomize approximately 300 evaluable treatment-naïve subjects with a diagnosis of wet AMD in the study eye with good visual acuity and a diagnosis of macular choroidal neovascularization at screening. The SOL-1 trial completed randomization of 344 subjects in December 2024. Under the study protocol, after initial screening, every enrolled subject received two aflibercept 2 mg loading doses between the screening visit and Day 1: one at Week -8 and another at Week -4. Subjects reaching approximately 20/20 vision or experiencing an improvement of at least 10 ETDRS letters after these injections, in addition to satisfying other criteria, were randomized in the trial at Day 1 to receive either one dose of AXPAXLI 450 µg in the investigational arm or one injection of aflibercept 2 mg in the control arm. After all predefined visit assessments at Week 52 and at Week 76, all subjects that were randomized in the trial at Day 1, including subjects who previously received supplemental anti-VEGF treatment, are re-dosed with their respective initial treatment of a single dose of AXPAXLI 450 µg in the investigational arm or a single injection of aflibercept 2 mg in the control arm and followed for safety until Week 104. Throughout the trial, subjects are assessed monthly. Subjects who failed randomization became eligible to be screened for the SOL-R trial. Subjects who were successfully randomized in the SOL-1 trial on Day 1 are being followed every month and will receive a supplemental dose of aflibercept 2 mg as needed based on pre-specified criteria. Our pre-specified rescue criteria are a loss of 15 or more letters on the ETDRS chart compared to baseline due to wet AMD, or a new hemorrhage that is deemed to be likely to cause irreversible vision loss due to progression of wet AMD. The first time a subject is observed to have lost 15 or more ETDRS letters in BCVA in the study eye due to wet AMD at any time in the trial would be considered as having met the endpoint as a treatment failure.
We are conducting the SOL-1 trial in accordance with a Special Protocol Assessment, or SPA, agreement with the FDA. We initially sought an SPA agreement from the FDA to determine whether the proposed clinical protocol and the statistical analysis plan for the SOL-1 trial adequately addressed scientific and regulatory requirements for a clinical trial that could support a marketing application. We received an agreement letter regarding the overall trial design from the FDA under the SPA agreement on October 30, 2023. In December 2023, we submitted a first SPA agreement modification to the FDA to broaden the inclusion criteria for subjects in the SOL-1 trial and to reflect our intention to evaluate a single optimized dose of AXPAXLI with a drug load of 450 µg of a more soluble form of axitinib in the trial. We received an agreement letter regarding the first SPA agreement modification from the FDA on January 22, 2024. This first SPA agreement modification enabled us to include in the trial treatment-naïve wet AMD subjects with visual acuity of approximately 20/80 or better at the initial screening visit. These subjects then needed to reach the BCVA of approximately 20/20 or experience an improvement of at least 10 ETDRS letters gain from the initial screening visit at Day 1 to be randomized. In addition, the subjects were stratified between the two treatment groups at randomization based on BCVA category (≤ 71 and >71 ETDRS letters) as of the initial screening visit. In January 2025, we submitted a second SPA agreement modification to the FDA to add a repeat dose of AXPAXLI 450 µg at Week 52 and at Week 76, in each case, after all pre-defined efficacy endpoint assessments, to generate the required safety data for subjects re-dosed with AXPAXLI through Week 104, to support long-term dosing. We received an agreement letter regarding the second SPA agreement modification from the FDA on February 24, 2025.
As of March 3, 2025, subject retention in the SOL-1 trial has been exceptional, and the vast majority of rescue treatments, reviewed on a masked basis, have been in accordance with pre-specified criteria under the trial protocol. Because the inclusion of re-dosing requires all data to be masked until week 52, we now expect topline results for SOL-1 to be available in the first quarter of 2026.
The SOL-R Trial
In June 2024, we initiated the SOL-R trial, a repeat-dosing registrational Phase 3 clinical trial for the treatment of wet AMD. The SOL-R trial is designed as a multi-center, double-masked, randomized (2:2:1), three-arm trial that will involve sites located in the U.S. and the rest of the world. The trial is intended to randomize approximately 555 subjects that are either treatment naïve or have been diagnosed with wet AMD in the study eye within the prior four months and received up to three monthly anti-VEGF injections with last injection approximately 4 weeks prior to screening for SOL-R. Prior to the second SPA amendment and inclusion of re-dosing in SOL-1 as described above, we previously intended to randomize 825 subjects in the SOL-R trial. This non-inferiority trial reflects a patient enrichment strategy over the six months prior to randomization that includes five loading doses of anti-VEGF therapy, including aflibercept 2 mg, and monitoring to exclude those subjects with significant retinal fluid fluctuations. In the first arm, subjects will receive a 450 µg dose of AXPAXLI at Day 1 and be re-dosed at Weeks 24, 48, and every 24 weeks thereafter. In the second arm, 
9

Table of Contents
subjects will receive aflibercept 2 mg on-label every 8 weeks. In the third arm, subjects will receive an 8 mg dose of aflibercept (Eylea HD) at Day 1 and will be re-dosed at Weeks 24, 48, and every 24 weeks thereafter, aligned with the AXPAXLI dosing regimen in the first arm and serving as adequate masking pursuant to current FDA guidance. Subjects will be followed for safety until Week 104. Throughout the trial, subjects are assessed monthly. The clinical trial protocol requires that, during the trial, subjects in any arm meeting pre-specified rescue criteria will receive a supplemental dose of aflibercept 2 mg. The pre-specified rescue criteria include a loss of 10 or more ETDRS letters in BCVA from baseline or a combination of worsening anatomical measures and BCVA loss. The primary endpoint is non-inferiority in mean change in BCVA from baseline between the AXPAXLI and on-label aflibercept 2 mg arms at Week 56. As per the protocol agreed to by the FDA, the non-inferiority margin for the lower bound is -4.5 letters of mean BCVA when compared to aflibercept 2 mg dosed every eight weeks. The first subject was enrolled in the SOL-R trial in July 2024. Initially, subjects screened and enrolled in the SOL-R trial included only subjects that constituted loading or randomization failures from the SOL-1 trial. 
In a written Type C response received in August 2024, and a subsequent written response received in December 2024, the FDA agreed that the SOL-R repeat dosing wet AMD trial, with a primary endpoint at Week 56, should be appropriate as an adequate and well-controlled trial in support of a potential NDA and product label for AXPAXLI for the treatment of wet AMD. The FDA also noted that the use of one superiority trial and one non-inferiority trial is generally acceptable as the basis of an eventual NDA in wet AMD.
On November 14, 2024, we announced that, as the SOL-1 trial neared completion of randomization, trial sites could directly screen and enroll eligible subjects into the SOL-R trial.
On January 14, 2025, we announced that, as of January 10, 2025, we had enrolled 311 subjects across various stages of loading and randomization. All subjects that have been randomized to date have received their first 450 µg dose of AXPAXLI at Day 1 with the 2-piece injector.
Phase 1 Clinical Trial (Australia)
We have conducted an open-label, multi-center, proof-of-concept, dose-escalation Phase 1 clinical trial of AXPAXLI for the treatment of patients with wet AMD. This Phase 1 clinical trial was designed to evaluate the safety, durability and tolerability of AXPAXLI. All subjects have completed this Phase 1 clinical trial. 
Our Phase 1 clinical trial of AXPAXLI in Australia was submitted to the Therapeutic Goods Administration, Australia’s regulatory authority for therapeutic goods, in July 2018 and was being conducted at multiple sites in Australia. The Phase 1 clinical trial was comprised of four cohorts consisting of subjects with wet AMD and pre-existing intraretinal and/or subretinal fluid: a lower dose cohort of 200 µg with six subjects; a higher dose cohort of 400 µg with seven subjects; a third cohort with two parallel arms, one arm of four subjects receiving a concomitant anti-VEGF injection with 400 µg of AXPAXLI and the other arm of six subjects receiving a 600 µg of AXPAXLI with no anti-VEGF injection; and a fourth cohort with two parallel arms, one arm of one subject receiving a 600 µg single dose of AXPAXLI and the other arm of five subjects receiving a 600 µg single dose of AXPAXLI with anti-VEGF injection.  In this trial, we evaluated whether AXPAXLI can reduce existing fluid levels. 
In the Phase 1 clinical trial of AXPAXLI conducted in Australia, we evaluated biological activity by measuring CSFT, using spectral domain optical coherence tomography, or OCT, and following visual acuity over time as measured by BCVA.
In the clinical trial, intravitreal injections of AXPAXLI at 200 μg, 400 μg, and 600 μg, with and without concurrent administration of anti-VEGF, were generally well tolerated. There were no drug-related serious treatment-emergent adverse events reported in any of the AXPAXLI dose cohorts over the 9-month study period. Plasma levels of the active drug, axitinib, were below the limit of quantification at all doses, indicating that systemic exposure to intravitreal delivery of axitinib by AXPAXLI up to 600 μg was negligible. This data also showed a preliminary signal of biological activity as observed by a clinically meaningful decrease in the volume of intraretinal and/or subretinal fluid as measured by high resolution OCT that provides cross-sectional images of the anatomical structure of the retina. Some subjects showed a decrease in intraretinal or subretinal fluid by two months in cohorts 2 (400 µg) and 3a (600 µg).  In cohort 3b (400 µg dose plus anti-VEGF induction injection of aflibercept), two subjects showed a decrease in intraretinal or subretinal fluid as early as a week after treatment. We observed extended duration of activity of six months or more for over 60% of subjects across all cohorts and for over 80% of subjects in cohort 3a, in which we administered a 600 μg 
10

Table of Contents
dose. In addition, the AXPAXLI doses in cohort 1 (200 µg single dose) were observed to have biodegraded in all subjects within nine to 10.5 months of injection.  It has also been observed in the trial that the hydrogels were able to be adequately monitored and that there was limited to no movement of the hydrogel and no migration into the anterior chamber has occurred.
Phase 1 Clinical Trial (United States)
We have conducted a prospective, multi-center, randomized, controlled Phase 1 clinical trial in the United States under an exploratory investigational new drug, or eIND, application to evaluate a single 600 µg dose of AXPAXLI with an anti-VEGF injection in comparison with a 2 mg dose of aflibercept.  
The population we studied in this U.S.-based clinical trial was different than the population we studied in our Phase 1 clinical trial of AXPAXLI in Australia.  In this trial, we evaluated how long we are able to maintain subjects who have been previously treated with anti-VEGF therapy without the need for retreatment. 
All enrolled subjects have completed this Phase 1 clinical trial.
The trial enrolled a total of 21 subjects at six clinical sites, comprising two arms consisting of subjects previously treated with, and who were responsive to, standard of care anti-VEGF therapy: a 16-subject arm receiving AXPAXLI in combination with a single anti-VEGF injection at month one and a five-subject arm receiving on-label aflibercept at eight-week intervals.  The trial was designed to assess the safety, durability and tolerability of AXPAXLI as well as to assess preliminary biological activity in subjects by measuring anatomical and functional changes.
In February 2023, we announced interim 10-month data from the Phase 1 clinical trial of AXPAXLI in the United States at the Angiogenesis, Exudation, and Degeneration 2023 Annual Meeting. As of the December 12, 2022 cut-off date, the interim data showed that the single 600 µg AXPAXLI dose was generally well tolerated with no drug-related ocular or systemic serious adverse events, or SAEs, observed through 10 months. One SAE of endophthalmitis was observed in the AXPAXLI arm which occurred following the aflibercept injection required by the clinical trial protocol at month one and was assessed by the investigator as related to the injection procedure. There were no instances of elevated intraocular pressure, or IOP, retinal detachment, retinal vasculitis, or hydrogel implant migration into the anterior chamber observed in the AXPAXLI arm, and no subjects had dropped out of either arm as of the data cutoff. 
The interim results showed subjects treated with a single AXPAXLI dose demonstrated stable and sustained BCVA (mean change from baseline of -0.3 letters) and CSFT (mean change from baseline of -1.3 µm) in the AXPAXLI arm at 10 months, which was comparable with the aflibercept arm (mean change from BCVA baseline of -0.8 letters; mean change from CSFT baseline of -4.5 µm). Up to Month 10, 73% of subjects remained rescue-free. Overall, a 92% reduction in treatment burden (average percent decrease in injections over the period compared to a standard monthly injection regimen) was observed in AXPAXLI treated subjects for up to 10 months.  Four subjects were rescued in the AXPAXLI arm up to Month 10. One subject, the subject who experienced endophthalmitis, was rescued twice. None of these rescues met the pre-established rescue criteria set forth in the clinical trial protocol and were instead initiated at investigator discretion. One additional subject, who met the established rescue criteria at such subject’s Month 10 visit, was rescued at the end of Month 10.
There was one subject randomized to the AXPAXLI arm who was inadvertently given aflibercept instead of sham injections at the subject’s month three and month five visits. Since this subject was not treated according to protocol, the subject was excluded from the analysis of biological activity, which comprised 15 out of the 16 subjects in the AXPAXLI arm and all five subjects in the aflibercept arm, but the subject was included in the safety analysis which comprised all 16 subjects in the AXPAXLI arm and all five subjects in the aflibercept arm. 
In April 2023, we presented data regarding the preclinical pharmacokinetics, or PK, of AXPAXLI and a review of the 10-month interim data from the ongoing Phase 1 clinical trial of AXPAXLI in the United States, including AXPAXLI resorption data to date. We augmented the results from our ongoing clinical trial with PK data in two animal models showing the uptake of axitinib from our hydrogel in the choroid and retinal pigment epithelium, or RPE, cells, where axitinib acts intra-cellularly to exert its VEGF receptor inhibiting effect. That data showed that clinically representative formulations of AXPAXLI delivered sustained axitinib concentrations through 12 months that were well above the IC50 for VEGFR-2 (vascular endothelial growth factor receptor) in cynomolgus monkey retina tissue and choroid/RPE tissues. This preclinical PK data aligns with the pharmacodynamics data we observed in our U.S. clinical trial, namely the high proportion of rescue-free subjects up to Month 10 and suggests that AXPAXLI may provide continuous VEGF receptor inhibition. 
11

Table of Contents
In June 2023, we presented 12-month data from the ongoing Phase 1 clinical trial of AXPAXLI in the United States at the Clinical Trials at the Summit 2023 conference sponsored by the American Society of Retina Specialists. As of the April 14, 2023 cut-off date, there were no drug-related ocular or systemic SAEs observed in the AXPAXLI arm except for the one SAE of endophthalmitis following the aflibercept injection at month 1 that we had previously announced. There were no retinal detachment, retinal vasculitis, or  hydrogel implant migration into the anterior chamber adverse events observed in the AXPAXLI arm, and no subjects had dropped out of either arm as of the data cut-off. The results showed subjects treated with a single AXPAXLI dose continued to demonstrate sustained BCVA (mean change from baseline of -1.0 letters) and CSFT (mean change from baseline of +20.2 μm) in the AXPAXLI arm at 12 months, which was comparable with the aflibercept arm (mean change from BCVA baseline of +2.0 letters; mean change from CSFT baseline of -2.2 μm). Sixty percent of AXPAXLI subjects were rescue-free up to Month 12. At the Month 12 visit, an additional four of the subjects were rescued. Overall, an 89% reduction in treatment burden was observed in AXPAXLI treated subjects at 12 months. These results align with our expectation that we would see a reactivation of disease in some subjects, which we believe indicates that AXPAXLI continues to function as designed with axitinib concentrations beginning to fall below therapeutic levels after the hydrogel bioresorbs.
In the clinical trial, intravitreal administration of single AXPAXLI 600 µg dose was generally well tolerated during the 52 weeks of the study. There were no drug-related ocular or systemic significant adverse events with either AXPAXLI or aflibercept treatment during 52 weeks of assessment. BCVA was stable after single AXPAXLI 600 µg dose administration and appeared similar to that of the aflibercept 2 mg administered every 8 weeks during 52 weeks of assessment. CSFT parameters were stable with AXPAXLI administration and appeared similar to that of the aflibercept 2 mg arm during 52 weeks of assessment. There were fewer injections over 52 weeks in subjects with AXPAXLI compared with the annualized number of anti-VEGF injections in 52 weeks prior to baseline. Furthermore, there were fewer injections over 52 weeks received in subjects from AXPAXLI treatment compared to those received in aflibercept 2 mg treatment arm.
Next Steps
If we were to obtain favorable results from the SOL-1 and the SOL-R trials evaluating AXPAXLI for the treatment of wet AMD, we expect that we would submit an NDA under Section 505(b)(2) of the FDCA. See “—Government Regulation—Section 505(b)(2) NDAs” for additional information.
Non-Proliferative Diabetic Retinopathy (NPDR)
Phase 1 Clinical Trial
We have completed the HELIOS trial, a U.S.-based, multicenter, double-masked, randomized, parallel group Phase 1 clinical trial evaluating the safety, tolerability and efficacy of a single injection of an AXPAXLI 600 µg dose in subjects with moderately severe to severe NPDR without CI-DME. We conducted the HELIOS trial initially under an exploratory IND, which was subsequently converted to a traditional IND. We enrolled 22 subjects with diabetic retinopathy secondary to type 1 or type 2 diabetes who had not had an anti-VEGF injection in the prior 12 months or DME in the prior six months, randomized 2:1 to either a single dose of AXPAXLI containing 600 µg of axitinib or sham control. One subject died during the HELIOS trial due to reasons unrelated to the trial and study treatment.
In June 2024, we announced topline data from the HELIOS trial at 48 weeks. AXPAXLI was generally well-tolerated and did not result in any reported incidence of intraocular inflammation, iritis, vitritis, or vasculitis. No subjects in either arm received rescue medication. At week 48, six of 13 (46.2%) subjects in the AXPAXLI group experienced either a 1- or 2-step improvement in the Diabetic Retinopathy Severity Scale, or DRSS, with three of the 13 (23.1%) experiencing a 2-step improvement. No subjects in the control group showed a 1-step or greater improvement at the same timepoint. No subjects in the AXPAXLI group experienced any worsening in DRSS. Two of eight (25.0%) subjects in the control group experienced worsening in the DRSS at 48 weeks. No subjects in the AXPAXLI group developed PDR or CI-DME at week 48. Three of eight (37.5%) subjects in the control group developed PDR or CI-DME at the same timepoint. On average, subjects in the AXPAXLI arm showed improvement in mean CSFT versus baseline compared to the control group, which showed worsening at the 48-week timepoint. 
12

Table of Contents
Next Steps
We intend to meet with the FDA in the first half of 2025 to discuss the design of a potential registrational clinical program for AXPAXLI for the treatment of NPDR and DME and then evaluate our next steps. 
Glaucoma
Glaucoma is a progressive and highly individualized disease in which elevated levels of IOP are associated with damage to the optic nerve, which results in irreversible vision loss. According to the World Health Organization, glaucoma is the second leading cause of blindness in the world. OHT is characterized by elevated levels of IOP without any optic nerve damage. Patients with OHT are at high risk of developing glaucoma.
In a healthy eye, fluid is continuously produced and drained to maintain pressure equilibrium and provide nutrients to the ocular tissue. Excess fluid production or insufficient drainage of fluid in the front of the eye or a combination of these problems causes increased IOP. The increased IOP associated with uncontrolled glaucoma results in degeneration of the optic nerve in the back of the eye and loss of peripheral vision. Once glaucoma develops, it is a chronic condition that requires life-long treatment.
According to the Market Scope 2024 Glaucoma Pharmaceuticals Market Report, or the Market Scope 2024 Glaucoma Report, it is estimated that there were 130.2 million people globally in 2024 with primary OAG or OHT. In the United States, it is estimated there were 6.8 million and 3.7 million who had primary OAG or OHT, respectively. The primary goal of glaucoma treatment is to slow the progression of this chronic disease by reducing IOP, and many medications can accomplish this.  Importantly, however, adherence to current topical glaucoma therapies is known to be particularly poor with reported rates of non-adherence from 30% to 80%. These low compliance rates may be associated with disease progression and loss of vision and may be part of the reason that glaucoma is a leading cause of blindness in people over 60 years of age. Prostaglandins are the most commonly used class of medications to treat patients with glaucoma and are administered via daily eye drops as the current standard of care.  The ability of patients to use and place daily eye drops is challenging. The product candidates that we are developing are designed to address the issue of compliance by delivering a prostaglandin analog, or PGA, formulated with our programmed release hydrogel to lower IOP for several months with a single insert.
Market Data 
According to the Market Scope 2024 Glaucoma Report, the global market for glaucoma was estimated at $4.2 billion in 2024 with the U.S. market representing $1.6 billion.  The global market is estimated to grow at a 4.7% CAGR through 2029 while the U.S. market is expected to grow at a 3.7% CAGR through 2029.
The most commonly used treatments for glaucoma in the United States are topical eye drops including both branded and generic products. Branded products have maintained premium pricing and significant market share. These products include Lumigan (bimatoprost) marketed by Allergan, Travatan Z (travoprost) marketed by Novartis, Tapros marketed by Santen, and recently approved Miebo (
perfluorohexyloctane ophthalmic solution) marketed by Bausch + Lomb.
 Commonly used generic drugs include latanoprost and timolol.
Glaucoma Program
PAXTRAVA (travoprost intracameral hydrogel)
Our product candidate PAXTRAVA is a bioresorbable hydrogel implant based on ELUTYX, incorporating travoprost, an FDA-approved PGA designed to lower elevated IOP, that is designed to be administered by a physician as an intracameral injection with an initial target duration of drug release of four to six months with a single treatment.
Phase 2 Clinical Trial
We are conducting a U.S.-based Phase 2 prospective, multi-center, randomized, controlled clinical trial evaluating the safety, tolerability and efficacy of PAXTRAVA for the treatment of subjects with primary OAG or OHT under an IND. The Phase 2 clinical trial was initially designed to include approximately 105 subjects at 15 to 20 sites between three arms of approximately 35 subjects each to evaluate two formulations of PAXTRAVA for the treatment of OAG or 
13

Table of Contents
OHT in subjects compared to DURYSTA. The non-study eye of each subject receives a topical PGA daily, if not contraindicated. The primary efficacy endpoint is measured by mean change from baseline (8 a.m., 10 a.m. and 4 p.m.) at 2, 6 and 12 weeks in diurnal IOP. The active comparator control arm receives one injection of DURYSTA in one eye and a topical PGA daily in the non-study eye, if not contraindicated.
We initiated the Phase 2 clinical trial in the fourth quarter of 2021 and dosed the first subject in the first quarter of 2022. One arm in the Phase 2 clinical trial is receiving the same formulation used in cohort 2 of the Phase 1 clinical trial of PAXTRAVA that we conducted, containing a 26 µg dose of travoprost and utilizing a standard hydrogel. The second arm was receiving the same formulation used in cohort 4 of the Phase 1 clinical trial, containing a 5 µg dose of drug and utilizing a fast-degrading hydrogel.

Due to elevations in IOP observed in six subjects approximately 12 weeks after enrollment in the PAXTRAVA 5 µg arm of the trial, we terminated enrollment in the 5 µg arm of the trial in the fourth quarter of 2022 and continued with the PAXTRAVA 26 µg and DURYSTA arms of the trial.
The Phase 2 clinical trial primary study consisted of 83 subjects: 33 subjects in the PAXTRAVA 26 µg treatment arm, 34 subjects in the DURYSTA arm and 16 subjects that were previously enrolled in the PAXTRAVA 5 µg treatment arm. Enrollment of the Phase 2 clinical trial was completed in July 2023. In April 2024, we presented 6-month topline data from this Phase 2 clinical trial at the 2024 American Society of Cataract and Refractive Surgery Annual Meeting. In the trial, the PAXTRAVA 26 µg single hydrogel implant demonstrated consistent control of IOP, through six months, as statistically significant IOP changes from baseline were observed for every individual and mean diurnal measurement at primary endpoints Week 2 (M0.5), Week 6 (M1.5), and Week 12 (M3), as well as secondary endpoints Months 4.5 and 6 (p<0.0001), although no formal statistical testing was prespecified by the clinical trial protocol. Clinically meaningful mean IOP reduction of approximately 24-30% from baseline over six months was observed. A majority (81.3%) of treated eyes did not require additional IOP-lowering therapy through six months, indicating sustained and consistent treatment effects.
PAXTRAVA 26 µg was generally well tolerated with no impact on the corneal endothelium having been observed at six months following a single administration of the product candidate. The majority of adverse events, observed were mild in severity and generally resolved with topical medical treatment. Most ocular adverse events occurring within three days of the injection were deemed related to the injection procedure by the investigators. Adverse events observed more than three days post-injection procedure were consistent with the travoprost label. There was one serious adverse event in the trial, where a hydrogel implant required removal, which the investigator assessed to be likely due to a peri-implantation bacterial infection. Consistent bioresorption of the hydrogel implant coupled with the durable effect observed in the Phase 2 trial suggests redosing could be possible without the risk of implants stacking.
We are conducting a pilot repeat-dose sub-study in the Phase 2 clinical trial to evaluate the safety of a repeat, sustained release dose of PAXTRAVA 26 μg, in a small subset of subjects with OAG or OHT. These subjects will be followed for at least six months after their enrollment in the sub-study to monitor and evaluate their endothelial cell health.
Phase 1 clinical development
We submitted an IND for PAXTRAVA in February 2018 and have completed a prospective, multi-center, open-label, dose-escalation, proof-of-concept Phase 1 clinical trial of PAXTRAVA in the United States that we initiated in the second quarter of 2018 for the treatment of subjects with moderate to severe glaucoma or OHT. The clinical trial is designed to evaluate the safety, biological activity, durability and tolerability of PAXTRAVA in subjects with controlled OAG or OHT.  The clinical trial consisted of four subject cohorts: cohort 1 included five subjects who received a 15 µg dose, cohort 2 included four subjects who received a 26 µg dose, cohort 3 included five subjects who received a 15 µg dose with a fast-degrading hydrogel, and cohort 4 included five subjects who received a 5 µg dose with a fast-degrading hydrogel.
In February 2022, at the Glaucoma 360 virtual meeting, we presented interim results from all four subject cohorts in the Phase 1 clinical trial. In the Phase 1 clinical trial, at least one subject in each of the four cohorts receiving PAXTRAVA were observed to experience a mean change in IOP from baseline as measured at 8:00 am, 10:00 a.m. and 4:00 p.m. as early as two days following injection. We believe these results were comparable to the decrease in IOP achieved with topical travoprost administered via daily eye drops. IOP lowering effects lasted more than six months in subjects in cohorts 1 and 2 and three to six months in subjects in cohorts 3 and 4.
14

Table of Contents
The PAXTRAVA hydrogel was observed to biodegrade over the course of between five and seven months in subjects in cohorts 1 and 2. In subjects in cohorts 3 and 4, the fast-degrading hydrogels were observed to biodegrade over the course of between three and five months. Within all four cohorts, hydrogel implants were not observed to move when viewed with a slit lamp biomicroscope and were visible at all examinations in all subjects using gonioscopy. Corneal health as measured by endothelial cell counts, pachymetry assessments, and slit lamp examinations did not indicate any clinically meaningful changes from baseline in any of the four cohorts. IOP elevation was observed in three subjects in cohort 3 at the approximate time of the hydrogel resorption.
Next Steps
Once we have completed the pilot repeat-dose sub-study, we will evaluate whether an end-of-Phase 2 meeting with the FDA is appropriate for determining our next steps for PAXTRAVA for the treatment of OAG or OHT. 
Dry Eye Programs
We are not currently actively pursuing additional development activities for our product candidates OTX-DED (dexamethasone intracanalicular insert) for the short-term treatment of the signs and symptoms of dry eye disease, or OTX-CSI (cyclosporine intracanalicular insert) for the chronic treatment of dry eye disease.
The Ocular Therapeutix Approach
Our Hydrogel-Based Formulation Technology ELUTYX
We apply our expertise with ELUTYX to the development of products for local programmed-release of known, FDA-approved therapeutic agents for a variety of ophthalmic diseases and conditions and to ophthalmic wound closure.
ELUTYX is based on the use of a proprietary form of polyethylene glycol, or PEG. Our technical capabilities include a deep understanding of the polymer chemistry of PEG-based hydrogels and the design of the highly specialized manufacturing processes required to achieve a reliable, preservative-free and pure product. We tailor the hydrogel to act as a vehicle for local programmed-release drug delivery to the eye and as an ocular tissue sealant.
We create our hydrogels by cross-linking PEG molecules to form a network that resembles a three-dimensional mesh on a molecular level. Our PEG molecules are branched, with four to eight branches or arms. Each arm bears a reactive site on its end. Our cross-linking chemistry uses a second molecule with multiple arms, bearing complimentary reactive sites on each end, such that when combined with the PEG molecules, a network spontaneously forms. When swollen with water, this molecular network forms a hydrogel. We design these hydrogels to slowly degrade in the presence of water, a process called hydrolysis, by inserting a biodegradable linkage between the PEG molecule and the cross-linked molecule. By appropriately selecting the number of arms of the PEG molecule and the biodegradable linkage, we can design hydrogels with varying mechanical properties and bioresorption rates. Because the body has an abundance of water at a constant temperature and pH level, hydrolysis provides a predictable and reproducible degradation rate. Our technology enables us to make hydrogels that can bioresorb over days, weeks or months.
We select the active pharmaceutical ingredients for our local programmed-release drug delivery product candidates based on criteria we have developed through our extensive experience with hydrogel-based technologies. We consider the following selection criteria:
●
prior approval by the FDA for the targeted ophthalmic indication, 
●
scientific rationale, either clinical or pre-clinical, for active pharmaceutical ingredients such as axitinib, which are not currently approved for an ophthalmic indication;
●
expiration of relevant patent protection prior to or within our anticipated development timeline;
●
high potency to minimize required drug load in the intravitreal hydrogel, intracameral hydrogel or intracanalicular insert;
15

Table of Contents
●
availability from a qualified supplier; and
●
compatibility with our drug delivery system.
We believe our current and future intravitreal hydrogel, intracameral hydrogel and intracanalicular insert products and

product candidates may offer a range of favorable attributes as compared to immediate release back-of-the-eye injections and eye drops, including:
●
Improved patient compliance
. Our hydrogel implants and inserts are placed by a healthcare professional and are designed to provide local programmed-release of drug to the ocular surface, intracameral space or intravitreal space. Because patients are not responsible for self-administration of the drug and the hydrogel implants and inserts dissipate over time and do not require removal for acute conditions or frequent removal for chronic conditions, we believe our hydrogel implants and inserts address the problem of patient compliance.
●
Ease of administration
. We have designed our hydrogel implants and inserts to provide the entire course of medication with a single administration by a healthcare professional for acute conditions or for months for chronic conditions. We believe this avoids the need for frequent administration, reducing the patient’s treatment burden and the likelihood of potential complications that could result if doses are missed.
●
Local programmed-release of drug
. We have designed our hydrogel implants and inserts to deliver drug in a programmed fashion in order to avoid the peak and valley dosing and related side effects associated with current standard of care injections for the back of the eye, as well as spikes in IOP associated with eye drops. We also believe programmed-release dosing may improve the therapeutic profile of the active pharmaceutical ingredient because it eliminates periods of little or no drug presence between back of the eye injection or eye drop administrations. Further, we are designing our products and product candidates so that their drug release profiles can be tailored or programmed to match the treatment needs of the disease. For example, steroids for ophthalmic purposes generally require administration over four weeks, with tapered dosing over this period. In contrast, PGAs require administration in a steady fashion over the duration of treatment. Our hydrogel implants and inserts are designed to fully dissipate and can be removed if necessary by a healthcare professional.
●
Avoidance of preservative side effects
. Our hydrogel implants and inserts do not involve the use of preservatives, such as benzalkonium chloride, which have been linked to side effects including burning, stinging, hyperemia, irritation, eye dryness and, less frequently, conjunctivitis or corneal damage.
Intravitreal Hydrogels
We are engaged in the clinical development of our hydrogel administered via intravitreal injection to address the large and growing markets for diseases and conditions of the back of the eye. Our intravitreal hydrogel product candidates, such as AXPAXLI, consist of a PEG-based hydrogel, which contains embedded micronized particles of active drug.  We design the intravitreal hydrogel to be injected and retained in the vitreous humor to provide local programmed-release intravitreal delivery of anti-VEGF compounds.
Intracameral Hydrogels
We are engaged in the clinical development of our hydrogel administered via intracameral injection to address glaucoma. Intracameral hydrogels refer to biodegradable or bioresorbable hydrogels placed into the anterior chamber or front of the eye for the treatment of ocular conditions.  
The 
hydrogels
 are designed to be held in place by currents and gravity present in the anterior chamber of an eye. In the case of PAXTRAVA, the 
hydrogel
 is designed to infuse with intracameral water, settle into the inferior angle of the eye and demonstrate little to no movement.  The 
hydrogels
 are soft, biodegradable and provide sustained release of at least one therapeutic agent to both the trabecular meshwork and associated ocular tissue and the fluids within the anterior chamber of an eye.
16

Table of Contents
Intracanalicular Inserts
Our intracanalicular inserts, including DEXTENZA, are designed to be inserted into the patient’s punctum by a healthcare professional and to release drug to the surface of the eye to address diseases including ocular inflammation and pain following ophthalmic surgery and ocular itching associated with allergic conjunctivitis.  
Our intracanalicular inserts utilize ELUTYX and are embedded with an active drug. Following insertion through the punctum, our inserts swell in tear fluid to fill the vertical canaliculus, which secures the inserts in place. Over time, the inserts liquefy and are cleared through the nasolacrimal duct. If necessary due to excessive tearing, discomfort or improper placement, a healthcare professional can remove an intracanalicular insert by a process of pushing the soft insert back through the punctum.
Commercial Portfolio
Post-Surgical Ocular Inflammation and Pain
DEXTENZA (dexamethasone intracanalicular insert)
DEXTENZA incorporates the FDA-approved corticosteroid dexamethasone as a preservative-free active pharmaceutical ingredient into a drug-eluting intracanalicular insert that is based on ELUTYX. Following FDA approval, we commercially launched DEXTENZA for the treatment of post-surgical inflammation and pain in July 2019.  DEXTENZA is the first and only FDA-approved intracanalicular insert delivering dexamethasone to treat post-surgical ocular inflammation and pain for up to 30 days with a single administration.
We selected dexamethasone as the active pharmaceutical ingredient for DEXTENZA because it is approved by the FDA and has a long history of ophthalmic use; is available on a generic basis from multiple qualified suppliers; is highly potent and is typically prescribed for prevention of ocular inflammation and pain following ocular surgery; and has physical properties that are well suited for incorporation within our hydrogel technology.
The dexamethasone drug particles embedded within our DEXTENZA intracanalicular insert gradually erode and release the drug in a programmed fashion until the drug is depleted. As the dexamethasone drug particles erode and the ELUTYX degrades by hydrolysis, the intracanalicular insert softens, liquefies and is cleared through the nasolacrimal duct. We provide the DEXTENZA drug product in a preservative-free formulation in a sterile, single use package.
The standard regimen for dexamethasone eye drops following cataract surgery is an initial administration of four times daily for one week, with a gradual tapering in the number of eye drops over a four-week period. Such a regimen is often confusing to patients as they must remember to taper the number of times per day they administer the steroid, while also taking multiple eye drops of other drugs following surgery, such as antibiotics and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, or NSAIDs. We believe that local programmed-release of drug to the eye may result in better control of ocular inflammation and pain as compared to prescription eye drops and that a low dose amount may provide enhanced safety by eliminating spikes in IOP associated with high-dose steroid eye drops.
Investigator-Initiated Trials
We have received proposals for, and are supporting, several investigator-initiated trials evaluating DEXTENZA in different clinical situations. To date, third-party clinical investigators have initiated 45 trials to study the use of DEXTENZA in cataract surgery, other ophthalmic surgeries, and other potential indications. Of those, 21 trials have published study reports, and 14 trials have been terminated. The remaining 10 trials are in various stages of enrollment and treatment. 
Post-Approval Studies
In September 2020, we announced that we had dosed the first pediatric subjects in a U.S.-based, randomized, multicenter Phase 3 clinical trial evaluating DEXTENZA for the treatment of post-surgical ocular inflammation and pain in children following cataract surgery.  This clinical trial is a post-approval requirement of the FDA in accordance with the Pediatric Research Equity Act of 2003, in connection with the FDA’s prior approval of DEXTENZA for the treatment of inflammation and pain following ophthalmic surgery in adults.  We enrolled 65 subjects in this clinical trial. 
17

Table of Contents
It is designed to evaluate the safety of DEXTENZA compared to an active control, prednisolone acetate suspension eye drops, for the treatment of inflammation and pain following ocular surgery for pediatric cataract in children between zero and five years of age. The FDA has agreed that this Phase 3 clinical trial evaluating DEXTENZA for the treatment of post-surgical ocular inflammation and pain in children following cataract surgery may also satisfy the post-approval requirement for a pediatric trial as it relates to the indication for ocular itching associated with allergic conjunctivitis.
In June 2024, we submitted the data for our clinical trial to evaluate DEXTENZA in pediatric subjects following cataract surgery and the updated package insert to the FDA. We anticipate receiving the FDA’s decision on the pediatric labeling for DEXTENZA during the second quarter of 2025.
Foreign Approvals
Outside the United States, we continue to assess whether to seek regulatory approval for DEXTENZA in markets such as the European Union, Australia and Japan based on the market opportunity, particularly pricing, and the requirements for marketing approval. Given our prioritization of the clinical development of our sustained-release product candidates, in particular for retinal diseases, and our planned commercialization efforts for our initial intracanalicular insert product candidates in the United States, we expect we will need to engage third parties to assist us in the approval process.
We have entered into a license agreement and collaboration with AffaMed 
for the development and commercialization of DEXTENZA, along with PAXTRAVA 
in mainland China, Taiwan, Hong Kong, Macau, South Korea, and the countries of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations, or the AffaMed License Agreement
.  In January 2022, AffaMed dosed its first subject in a study conducted in China evaluating the safety and efficacy of DEXTENZA for the treatment of ocular inflammation and pain post-cataract surgery. This prospective, single-arm, real-world trial is designed to assess the safety and efficacy of DEXTENZA for the treatment of ocular inflammation and pain following cataract surgery in approximately 120 subjects at the Bo’ao Super Hospital, or the Bo’ao Real World Study. The Bo’ao Real World Study’s primary efficacy endpoint is the absence of anterior chamber cells in the study eye at Day 14, and the key secondary endpoint is the absence of pain in the study eye at Day 8. 
In October 2023, AffaMed announced positive topline results from the 
Bo’ao Real World Study
. As announced by AffaMed, the trial met its primary endpoint, with DEXTENZA demonstrating a significant reduction of ocular inflammation as measured by the absence of anterior chamber cells (i.e. score of "0") in the study eye on Day 14 after cataract surgery. AffaMed also announced that the trial also met its secondary endpoint, demonstrating a significant reduction of ocular pain on Day 8, and that DEXTENZA was well-tolerated and had a favorable safety profile consistent with all prior trials.
In April 2023, AffaMed announced that China’s National Medical Products Administration, or NMPA, had approved AffaMed’s Clinical Trial Application to initiate a Phase 3 registrational study in China to investigate the efficacy and safety of DEXTENZA in subjects following ophthalmic surgery, or the Phase 3 Registrational Study. In September 2023, AffaMed announced that the first subject had been treated in the Phase 3 Registrational Study.
In February 2024, AffaMed announced that the Singapore Health Sciences Authority has accepted AffaMed’s new drug application for DEXTENZA for the treatment of ocular inflammation and pain following ophthalmic surgery, and ocular itching associated with allergic conjunctivitis for evaluation. In April 2022, AffaMed announced that DEXTENZA has been approved in Macau, China for the treatment of ocular inflammation and pain following ophthalmic surgery. We do not expect that DEXTENZA sales in Macau will result in material revenues to us.
We
 retain the right to develop and commercialize DEXTENZA in all other global markets. From time to time, we may consider additional arrangements with other companies to address markets outside of the United States.  
If we or our collaborators obtain regulatory approval to market and sell DEXTENZA in international markets, we expect to utilize a variety of types of collaboration, distribution and other marketing arrangements with one or more third parties to commercialize DEXTENZA. See “—Government Regulation—Review and Approval of Medical Devices in the European Union” for additional information.
18

Table of Contents
Allergic Conjunctivitis
DEXTENZA (dexamethasone ophthalmic insert) for the Treatment of Ocular Itching Associated with Allergic Conjunctivitis
In October 2021, the FDA approved our supplemental New Drug Application, or sNDA, for DEXTENZA to include the treatment of ocular itching associated with allergic conjunctivitis as an additional indication. With the approval, DEXTENZA became the first, FDA-approved, physician-administered intracanalicular insert capable of delivering a preservative-free drug for the treatment of ocular itching associated with allergic conjunctivitis with a single administration for up to 30 days. DEXTENZA for the treatment of ocular itching associated with allergic conjunctivitis also represents our first indication approved to be administered in a physician’s office during a routine, non-surgical appointment. We commercially launched DEXTENZA for the treatment of ocular itching associated with allergic conjunctivitis in the first quarter of 2022.
Although dexamethasone is clinically effective in the treatment of late-phase inflammatory allergic reactions, the safety limitations associated with eye drop administration, including the potential to generate spikes in IOP due to the high levels of drug due to potential patient abuse to treat this symptomatic condition, have limited its widespread adoption. These elevations in IOP can lead to drug-induced glaucoma, although the incidence is low. Further, use of oral antihistamine medications as well as anti-histamine eye drops for allergic conjunctivitis may dry out the eye and exacerbate the discomfort to some patients.  Based on our clinical trial results to date, we believe that using DEXTENZA for allergic conjunctivitis can create a low, tapered, consistent dose of dexamethasone, potentially minimizing or eliminating side effects associated with the eye drop formulation, while retaining the drug’s anti-inflammatory effects.
We believe that allergic conjunctivitis represents a discrete potential market opportunity for 
preservative-free 
DEXTENZA because it is 
a physician-administered, hands-free, therapy administered in the office setting.  
We believe that many of the specialists who treat patients for post-surgical inflammation and pain also treat patients suffering from allergic conjunctivitis.
AffaMed License Agreement
Under the terms of the AffaMed License Agreement, we received an upfront payment of $12 million and became eligible to receive development, regulatory and commercial milestone payments and clinical development support payments of up to $91 million in the aggregate, as well as royalties from future product sales. In the fourth quarter of 2021, we received a $1 million milestone payment upon the approval by the FDA of an sNDA for DEXTENZA to include the treatment of ocular itching associat
ed with allergic conjunctivitis as an additional indication
; in the second quarter of 2022, we received a $2 million clinical support payment in connection with dosing the first subject in a Phase 2 clinical trial evaluating PAXTRAVA for the treatment of OAG or OHT; and in the second quarter of 2023, we received a $1 million milestone payment upon the NMPA’s approval of AffaMed’s Phase 3 Registrational Study. Royalties are tiered and will range from the low teens to low twenty percent range. In return, we agreed to grant AffaMed exclusive rights to develop and commercialize DEXTENZA for the treatment of post-surgical inflammation and pain following ophthalmic surgery and ocular itching in patients with allergic conjunctivitis, and PAXTRAVA for the reduction of elevated IOP in patients with primary OAG or OHT in specified Asian markets. We retain the right to develop and commercialize DEXTENZA and PAXTRAVA in all other global markets.
Sales, Marketing and Distribution
We generally expect to retain commercial rights in the United States to any of our product candidates for which we may receive marketing approvals and which we believe we can successfully commercialize.  In general, if we receive approval to market any of our product candidates in the United States, we plan to then evaluate the regulatory approval requirements and commercial potential for any such product candidate in Europe, Japan and other selected geographies. If we decide to commercialize our products outside of the United States, we expect to utilize a variety of types of collaboration, distribution and other marketing arrangements with one or more third parties to commercialize any product of ours that receives marketing approval.
We sell DEXTENZA in the United States to specialty distributors, or SDs, for resale to certain ambulatory surgery centers, or ASCs, certain hospital outpatient departments, or HOPDs, and certain physicians’ offices, and directly to 
19

Table of Contents
certain ASCs and physicians’ offices. We are continuing to offer this distribution option more broadly to our end customers.
In addition to distribution agreements with specialty distributors and a small number of ASCs and physicians’ offices, we enter into arrangements with government payors that provide for government-mandated rebates and chargebacks with respect to the purchase of DEXTENZA. We have built a highly targeted, key account sales force of KAMs, or key account managers, Regional Directors, and FRMs, or field reimbursement managers, that focus on the ASCs and their affiliates responsible for the largest volumes of cataract surgery in the United States, with an initial emphasis on the approximately two million cataract procedures performed annually under Medicare Part B.
Since 2022, we have periodically adjusted our discounting and rebate strategy to meet the demands of the market. For example, in the third quarter of 2022, we implemented an off-invoice discount, or OID, program whereby providers receive the discounted price immediately upon purchase, rather than having to wait until the end of the quarter for a rebate payment. We focus our sales efforts on sales to ASCs and strategic accounts that own and control multiple ASCs. In the first quarter of 2023, we launched a Commercial Assurance Program to provide assistance with patients’ out-of-pocket costs, supporting the expansion of DEXTENZA for commercially insured patients not covered by government payors.
Manufacturing
We fabricate devices and drug products for use in our clinical trials, research and development and commercial efforts for DEXTENZA using current Good Manufacturing Practices, or cGMP, at our approximately 20,000 square foot facility located in Bedford, Massachusetts.  We fabricate devices and drug products for use in our clinical trials and other research and development activities for our product candidates, including AXPAXLI, using cGMP at our 71,000 square foot facility that is also located in Bedford, Massachusetts. This facility may include additional manufacturing space in the future as we increase our manufacturing capacity and capabilities for AXPAXLI.
We purchase active pharmaceutical ingredient drug substance from independent suppliers on a purchase order basis for incorporation into our drug product candidates. We purchase our PEG and other raw materials from different vendors on a purchase order basis according to our specifications. While we believe that multiple vendors are available for each component we purchase, we have historically sole-sourced each component. We qualify vendors according to our quality system requirements. We do not have any long-term supply agreements in place for any raw materials or drug substances. We do not license any technology or pay any royalties to any of our drug or raw material vendors for the current or potential front and back-of-the-eye products.
We believe that our strategic investment in manufacturing capabilities allows us to advance product candidates at a more rapid pace and with more flexibility than if we were to work with a contract manufacturer, although we will continue to evaluate outsourcing unit operations for cost advantages or eventually as a second source. Our manufacturing capability also enables us to produce products in a cost-effective manner while retaining control over the manufacturing process and prioritizing the timing of internal programs.
Our manufacturing capabilities encompass the full manufacturing process through quality control and quality assurance and are integrated with our project teams from discovery through development and commercial release. This structure enables us to efficiently transfer research stage product concepts into manufacturing. We have designed our manufacturing facility and processes to provide flexibility for the manufacture of different product candidates. We outsource sterilization and packaging services for our products.
We believe that we can scale our manufacturing processes to support DEXTENZA sales as well as development of our drug product candidates and the potential commercialization of such product candidates, including AXPAXLI.
Intellectual Property
Our success depends in part on our ability to obtain and maintain proprietary protection for our products, product candidates, technology and know-how, to operate without infringing the proprietary rights of others and to prevent others from infringing our proprietary rights. We rely on patent protection, trade secrets, know-how, continuing technological innovation and in-licensing opportunities to develop and maintain our proprietary position.
20

Table of Contents
We have issued patents and/or patent applications pending for all of our commercial products and product candidates, as well as trade secrets to protect proprietary manufacturing processes. As of December 31, 2024, we owned or exclusively licensed in certain fields of use over 300 issued U.S. patents, pending U.S. patent applications, issued foreign patents and pending foreign patent applications.
Certain of our U.S. patents and applications, and their foreign counterparts, are owned by us and other U.S. patents and applications, and their foreign counterparts have been in-licensed from Incept.
The existence of patent applications does not guarantee that a patent will issue, or that any patent that does issue will cover the product or product candidate.  Issued patents are subject to validity, enforceability and infringement challenges by third parties with uncertain chances of success.
The term of individual patents depends upon the legal term for patents in the countries in which they are granted. In most countries, including the United States, the patent term is generally 20 years from the earliest claimed filing date of a non-provisional patent application in the applicable country. In the United States, a patent’s term may, in certain cases, be lengthened by patent term adjustment, which compensates a patentee for administrative delays by the United States Patent and Trademark Office in examining and granting a patent, or may be shortened if a patent is terminally disclaimed over a commonly owned patent or a patent naming a common inventor and having an earlier expiration date. The Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984, or the Hatch-Waxman Act, permits a patent term extension of up to five years beyond the expiration date of a U.S. patent for certain patents as partial compensation for the length of time the drug is under regulatory review while the patent is in force. A patent term extension cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14 years from the date of product approval, only one patent applicable to each regulatory review period may be extended and only those claims covering the approved drug, a method for using it or a method for manufacturing it may be extended.
Similar provisions are available in the European Union and certain other foreign jurisdictions to extend the term of a patent that covers an approved drug. In the future, if and when our product candidates receive approval by the FDA or foreign regulatory authorities, where applicable, we expect to apply for patent term extensions on certain issued patents covering those products, depending upon the length of the clinical trials for each drug and other factors. The expiration dates referred to above are without regard to potential patent term extension or other market exclusivity that may be available to us.
We may rely, in some circumstances, on trade secrets to protect our technology. However, trade secrets can be difficult to protect. We seek to protect our proprietary technology and processes, in part, by confidentiality agreements with our employees, and certain consultants, scientific advisors and contractors. We also seek to preserve the integrity and confidentiality of our data.
The following is a summary of patents and patent applications that cover our commercial products and potentially cover our product candidates:
AXPAXLI (axitinib intravitreal hydrogel)
We own issued patents in the United States and patents in certain foreign jurisdictions that cover this product candidate, with current expiration dates in 2041. We own a pending Patent Cooperation Treaty application with the potential to cover this product candidate in the U.S. and foreign jurisdictions, that, if granted, is expected to expire in 2044. Additional U.S. and foreign patent applications are pending.
PAXTRAVA (travoprost intracameral hydrogel) for the treatment of OAG or OHT
We have licenses to a U.S. patent, and certain foreign counterparts, with current expiration dates in 2037 with corresponding pending U.S. and foreign counterparts. We own an issued patent in the United States and patents in certain foreign jurisdictions that cover this product candidate, with current expiration dates in 2041. Additional owned U.S. and foreign patent applications are pending.
21

Table of Contents
DEXTENZA (dexamethasone ophthalmic insert) 0.4 mg
We have licenses to U.S. patents, and certain foreign counterparts, with current expiration dates in 2030 that cover this product. We also own two U.S. patents that cover this product with current expiration dates in 2036 and 2037, and a pending U.S. patent application.
DEXTENZA (dexamethasone ophthalmic insert) 0.4 mg for the treatment of allergic conjunctivitis
We have licenses to U.S. patents, and certain foreign counterparts, with current expiration dates in 2030 that cover this product. We also own two U.S. patents that cover this product with current expiration dates in 2036 and 2037. We also own an issued U.S. patent expiring in 2041, and related pending U.S. and foreign applications.
Licenses
Incept, LLC
In January 2012, we entered into an amended and restated license agreement, which we refer to as either the Prior Agreement or Original License, with Incept under which we hold an exclusive, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable license under specified patents and technology owned or controlled by Incept to make, have made, use, offer for sale, sell, sublicense, have sublicensed, offer for sublicense and import, products delivered to or around the human eye for diagnostic, therapeutic or prophylactic purposes relating to all human ophthalmic diseases or conditions. This license covers a significant portion of the patent rights and the technology for DEXTENZA, ReSure Sealant and our hydrogel platform technology product candidates. The agreement supersedes an April 2007 license agreement between us and Incept. Amar Sawhney, our former President and Chief Executive Officer and former Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors, is a general partner of Incept.
On September 13, 2018, or the Effective Date, we entered into a second amended and restated license agreement, or the Second Amended Agreement, with Incept.  The Second Amended Agreement amends and restates in full the Prior Agreement, to expand the scope of our intellectual property license and modify future intellectual property ownership and other rights thereunder.
License Rights; Ownership of Intellectual Property. 

We and Incept have agreed to expand the field of use of the exclusive, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable license held by us under the Prior Agreement to include specified intellectual property rights and technology owned or controlled by Incept to make, have made, use, offer for sale, sell, sublicense, have sublicensed, offer for sublicense and import, (i) consistent with the Prior Agreement, products delivered to or around the human eye for diagnostic, therapeutic or prophylactic purposes relating to all human ophthalmic diseases or conditions, or the Ophthalmic Field of Use, and (ii) as a result of the expansion of the scope of the Original License, products delivered for the treatment of acute post-surgical pain or for the treatment of ear, nose and/or throat diseases or conditions, subject to specified exceptions, or the Additional Field of Use.  We and Incept have further agreed to expand the field of use of the Original License for certain patents, patent applications and other rights pertaining to shape-changing hydrogel formulations thereunder, or the Shape-Changing IP, to include all fields except those involving the nerves and associated tissues specified in the Second Amended Agreement.
We will solely own, without a license to Incept, all intellectual property rights conceived solely by one or more individuals from our company, or the Company Individuals, after the Effective Date, subject to exceptions specified therein.  Subject to certain exceptions specified in the Second Amended Agreement, Incept will own and license to the us (i) all intellectual property rights included in the Original License, or the Original IP,  in the Ophthalmic Field of Use and the Additional Field of Use, (ii) intellectual property rights in the field of drug delivery conceived solely by the Company Individuals on or before the Effective Date, or Incept IP, and (iii) intellectual property rights in the field of drug delivery conceived by one or more Company Individuals jointly with one or more individuals from Incept, including Dr. Sawhney, or the Incept Individuals, after the Effective Date.  These intellectual property rights are referred to as Joint IP, and, collectively with the Original IP and the Incept IP, as the Licensed IP.
Financial Terms.  
We and any of our sublicensees are obligated to pay Incept royalties as follows under the Second Amended Agreement: (i) consistent with the Prior Agreement, a royalty equal to a low single-digit percentage of net sales by us or our affiliates of products, devices, materials, or components thereof, or Licensed Products, including or covered by Original IP, excluding the Shape-Changing IP, in the Ophthalmic Field of Use; (ii) a royalty equal to a mid-
22

Table of Contents
single-digit percentage of net sales by us or our affiliates of Licensed Products including or covered by Original IP, excluding the Shape-Changing IP, in the Additional Field of Use; and (iii) a royalty equal to a low single-digit percentage of net sales by us or our affiliates of Licensed Products including or covered by Incept IP or Joint IP in the field of drug delivery.  Royalty obligations under the Second Amended Agreement commence with the first commercial sale of a Licensed Product described above and terminate upon the expiration of the last-to-expire patents included in the Licensed IP, as applicable.  Any sublicensee of us also will be obligated to pay Incept royalties on net sales of Licensed Products made by it and will be bound by the terms of the Second Amended Agreement to the same extent as us. Additionally, at its sole discretion, Incept may require, as a condition of any sublicense by us in the Additional Field of Use and in exchange for a reduction in the royalties owed on net sales of Licensed Products described above, payments equal to a mid-teen percentage of any upfront payment and, subject to certain conditions, other payments received by us from the sublicensee.
Patent Prosecution and Litigation.  
Incept will continue to have sole control and responsibility for ongoing prosecution of patents included in the Original IP, and we will have sole control and responsibility for ongoing prosecution of patents and patent applications included in or arising under the Incept IP or Joint IP.  The parties have agreed to work together in good faith to enter into a separate agreement under which, subject to certain limitations, we would assume control of the prosecution of patents and patent applications included in or arising under the Shape-Changing IP.  We have the right, subject to certain conditions, to bring suit against third parties who infringe the patents included in the Original IP in the Ophthalmic Field of Use or the Additional Field of Use, patents included in the Incept IP in the drug delivery filed, patents included in the Joint IP in the drug delivery field, and patents included in the Shape-Changing IP in all fields except as described above.  We have also agreed, if requested by Incept, to enter into a joint defense and prosecution agreement for the purpose of allowing the parties to share confidential and attorney-client privileged information regarding the possible infringement of one or more patents covered by the Second Amended Agreement. We are responsible for all costs incurred in prosecuting any infringement action it brings.
Term and Termination.  
The Second Amended Agreement will expire on the later of (i) the expiration or disclaimer by us of the last valid claim of an issued and unexpired patent included in the Licensed IP or (ii) the final unappealable rejection or abandonment of the last pending patent application arising under the Licensed IP.  Either party may terminate the Second Amended Agreement in the event of the other party’s insolvency, bankruptcy, or comparable proceedings, or if the other party materially breaches the agreement and does not cure such breach during a specified cure period.
AffaMed License Agreement
On October 29, 2020, we entered into the AffaMed License Agreement with AffaMed for the development and commercialization of DEXTENZA regarding ocular inflammation and pain following cataract surgery and allergic conjunctivitis, or collectively, the DEXTENZA Field, and for PAXTRAVA, or collectively with DEXTENZA, the AffaMed Licensed Products, regarding OAG and OHT, or collectively, the TIC Field and, with the DEXTENZA Field, each a Field, in each case in mainland China, Taiwan, Hong Kong, Macau, South Korea, and the countries of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations, or collectively, the Territories.  We retain development and commercialization rights for the AffaMed Licensed Products in the rest of the world.
Under the AffaMed License Agreement, we granted AffaMed (i) a non-exclusive, royalty-free, non-sublicensable license under certain of our intellectual property rights and know-how to use the AffaMed Licensed Products in connection with specified activities in accordance with a development plan agreed between the parties and (ii) 
an exclusive, royalty-bearing, sublicensable, non-transferable (subject to specified exceptions), license under certain of our intellectual property rights and know-how to commercialize the AffaMed Licensed Products in the applicable Field in the Territories.  We have further agreed not to, and to cause its affiliates or agents not to, develop or commercialize in the Territories (i) the AffaMed Licensed Products outside of the applicable Fields and (ii) 
any other product containing the same active pharmaceutical ingredients as the AffaMed Licensed Products and administered into the anterior chamber of the eye, in each case without AffaMed’s prior written consent.  AffaMed has agreed not to, and to cause its affiliates or agents not to, engage in the development, manufacture, or commercialization of any competing product in the Territories.
Under the terms of the AffaMed License Agreement, we received upfront payments and we also became eligible to receive additional payments upon the achievement of certain development and commercial milestones. There can be no guarantee, however, that any of the remaining milestones will be achieved. We are also entitled to receive tiered, 
23

Table of Contents
escalating royalties on the net sales of the AffaMed Licensed Products ranging from a low-teen to low-twenties percentage.  Royalties under the AffaMed License Agreement are payable on an AffaMed Licensed Product-by-AffaMed Licensed Product and jurisdiction-by-jurisdiction basis and are subject to potential reductions in specified circumstances, subject to a specified floor.
Pursuant to the terms of the AffaMed License Agreement, we are generally responsible for expenses related to the development of the AffaMed Licensed Products in the applicable Fields in the Territories, provided that AffaMed (i) reimburse us a low-teen percentage of expenses incurred in connection with certain clinical trials conducted by us and designed to support marketing approval of the AffaMed Licensed Product by FDA or the European Medicines Agency, or the Global Studies; (ii) is solely responsible for expenses incurred in connection with territory-specific clinical trials that it conducts in furtherance of the development plan agreed between the parties in the applicable Fields in the Territories, or the Local Studies; and (iii) 
reimburse us in full for expenses incurred in connection with obtaining and maintaining regulatory approvals of the AffaMed Licensed Products in the applicable Fields in the Territories.  In the event AffaMed declines to participate in a Global Study or to conduct a Local Study in any jurisdiction in which we determine to conduct such a study, we are relieved of our obligation to provide AffaMed clinical data from such study, other than safety data, unless AffaMed subsequently reimburses us in the amounts described above plus a prespecified premium.
AffaMed is further obligated, at its sole cost and expense, to use commercially reasonable efforts to commercialize the AffaMed Licensed Products in the applicable Fields in the Territories.  The AffaMed License Agreement contemplates that the parties negotiate and enter into a future agreement requiring us to use commercially reasonable efforts to manufacture and supply finished drug products in sufficient quantity for clinical development and commercialization of the AffaMed Licensed Products in the applicable Fields in the Territories.
In accordance with its terms, the AffaMed License Agreement expires upon the expiration of the last royalty term for the last AffaMed Licensed Product in any applicable Field in the Territories. Either party may, subject to specified cure periods, terminate the AffaMed License Agreement in the event of the other party’s uncured breach.  Either party may also terminate the AffaMed License Agreement under specified circumstances relating to the other party’s insolvency. During an established period following a change of control of us or our entry into a global licensing agreement that includes the Territories with a third party, we have the option to terminate the AffaMed License Agreement, subject to a specified notice period and the repayment of any costs and expenses incurred by AffaMed in connection with the AffaMed License Agreement, including upfront and milestone payments AffaMed has previously paid to us, at a prespecified premium.  AffaMed has the right to terminate the AffaMed License Agreement at any time following the completion of a Phase 3 clinical trial to evaluate PAXTRAVA.
Competition
The biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries are characterized by rapidly advancing technologies, intense competition and a strong emphasis on proprietary products. While we believe that our technologies, knowledge, experience and scientific resources provide us with competitive advantages, potential competitors include large pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, specialty pharmaceutical and generic drug companies, and compounding pharmacies. Potential competitors also include academic institutions, government agencies and other public and private research organizations that conduct research, seek patent protection and establish collaborative arrangements for research, development, manufacturing and commercialization. Many of our potential competitors have significantly greater financial resources and expertise in research and development, manufacturing, preclinical testing, conducting clinical trials, obtaining regulatory approvals and marketing approved products than we do. These competitors also compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific and management personnel and establishing clinical trial sites and patient registration for clinical trials, as well as in acquiring technologies complementary to, or necessary for, our programs. Smaller or early-stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large and established companies.
The key competitive factors affecting the success of each of our product candidates, if approved for marketing, are likely to be efficacy, safety, method and frequency of administration, convenience, price, the level of generic competition and the availability of coverage and adequate reimbursement from government and other third-party payors. 
Because the active pharmaceutical ingredients in our product candidates are available on a generic basis, or are soon to be available on a generic basis, competitors will be able to offer and sell products with the same active 
24

Table of Contents
pharmaceutical ingredient as our products so long as these competitors do not infringe the patents that we license. For example, our licensed patents related to our intracanalicular insert product candidates largely relate to the hydrogel composition of the intracanalicular inserts and certain drug-release features of the intracanalicular inserts. As such, if a third party were able to design around the formulation and process patents that we license and create a different formulation using a different production process not covered by our licensed patents or patent applications, we would likely be unable to prevent that third party from manufacturing and marketing its product.
Competitors to AXPAXLI
In wet AMD and DR, AXPAXLI will compete with anti-VEGF compounds administered in their current formulation and prescribed for the treatment of wet AMD as these agents can in some instances deliver more than one or two months of therapeutic effect. They include Lucentis (ranibizumab), Eylea (aflibercept 2 mg), Eylea HD (aflibercept 8 mg), Beovu (brolicizumab), Vabysmo (faricimab), Susvimo (ranibizumab Port Delivery System), and off-label use of the cancer therapy Avastin. Biosimilars to ranibizumab and aflibercept 2 mg have received FDA approval as well. 
Multiple companies, in various stages of development, are pursuing products for wet AMD that would be competitive with AXPAXLI. Programs in later-stage development include: Eyepoint Pharmaceuticals, which is pursuing a sustained-release bioerodible device containing a TKI (vorolanib) using its Durasert-E technology; Opthea, which is pursuing an anti-VEGF C/D Trap evaluated in combination with anti-VEGF; Clearside Biomedical, which is pursuing a TKI (axitinib) administered into the suprachoroidal space; and Kodiak Sciences, which is pursuing products based on its anti-VEGF biopolymer conjugate technology. In addition, there are several companies pursuing gene therapies to treat wet AMD including, 4D Molecular Therapeutics, Adverum Biotechnologies and RegenxBio. Programs in early phases of development include but are not limited to: Alcon, which is pursuing development of a TKI implant containing axitinib using its Print manufacturing technology; Glaukos, which is pursuing a sustained-release bioerodible implant containing a TKI (axitinib) through its Retina-XR delivery platform; and Roche, which is pursuing intravitreal products along with those delivered with its Port Delivery System technology.
In DR, AXPAXLI will compete with approved agents, including Lucentis, Eylea and Eylea HD. These treatments, although approved for DR, are sparingly used, largely due to the treatment burden. Multiple companies, in various stages of development, are pursuing products that would be competitive with AXPAXLI. Programs in later-stage development include: Roche, which is pursuing Susvimo for the treatment of DR; Kodiak Sciences, which is pursuing an anti-VEGF molecule built on its antibody polymer conjugate technology; RegenxBio, which is pursuing a suprachoroidal formulation of its gene therapy for the treatment of DR; and Opus Genetics, which is pursuing an oral treatment.
Competitors to PAXTRAVA
A number of therapies are currently available for the treatment of glaucoma in the United States. The most commonly used treatments for glaucoma in the United States are topical eye drops, including both branded and generic PGAs, along with combination therapies. Allergan, now owned by AbbVie, received approval in March 2020 of DURYSTA, a biodegradable bimatoprost intracameral implant consisting of a PGA and a biodegradable polymer matrix for the reduction of IOP in patients with OAG or OHT. In December 2023, Glaukos received marketing approval from the FDA for iDose, a PGA indicated for the reduction of IOP in patients with OHT or OAG. In addition, several other companies, in varying stages of development, have announced their intention to develop products for treatment of glaucoma using sustained-release therapy. These programs include but are not limited to: Glaukos, which is developing a second-generation formulation of the iDose, referred to as iDose TREX; AbbVie, which is pursuing an intracameral implant comprised of a PGA; PolyActiva, which is pursuing an ocular implant with latanoprost based on its Prezia

technology; and Spyglass Pharma, which is pursuing an intraocular lens which elutes bimatoprost. 
Competitors to DEXTENZA
Icon Biosciences, Inc. received FDA approval of DEXYCU in February 2018.  DEXYCU is an injection of dexamethasone at the time of surgery into the posterior chamber of the eye (behind the iris) to treat inflammation associated with cataract surgery.  Icon Biosciences Inc. was subsequently bought by pSvidia Corporation in March 2018 and, at the same time, the new entity was renamed Eyepoint.  Eyepoint launched DEXYCU commercially in the first quarter of 2019. DEXYCU lost separate government reimbursement as of January 1, 2023 and is no longer actively marketed. OMIDRIA, purchased by Rayner Surgical Group Limited, is a prescription medication used during cataract 
25

Table of Contents
surgery.  According to the OMIDRIA website, this product helps the black part in the center of the eye (pupil) stay open (dilated) during cataract surgery and decreases eye pain after surgery.
Government Regulation
Government authorities in the United States, at the federal, state and local level, and in other countries and jurisdictions, including the European Union, extensively regulate, among other things, the research, development, testing, manufacture, quality control, clearance, approval, pricing, sales, reimbursement, packaging, storage, recordkeeping, labeling, advertising, promotion, distribution, marketing, post-approval monitoring and reporting, and import and export of pharmaceutical products and medical devices. The processes for obtaining regulatory approvals in the United States and in foreign countries and jurisdictions, along with subsequent compliance with applicable statutes and regulations and other regulatory authorities, require the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources. The regulatory requirements applicable to product development, approval and marketing are subject to change, and regulations and administrative guidance often are revised or reinterpreted by government agencies in ways that may have a significant impact on our business.
Review and Approval of Drugs and Biologics in the United States
In the United States, the FDA approves and regulates drug products under the FDCA and related regulations. Drugs are also subject to other federal, state and local statutes and regulations. Biological products, or biologics, are licensed for marketing under the Public Health Service Act, or PHSA, and subject to regulation under the FDCA and related regulations, and other federal, state and local statutes and regulations.  A company, institution, or organization which takes responsibility for the initiation and management of a clinical development program for such products is referred to as a sponsor. A sponsor seeking approval to market and distribute a new drug or biological product in the United States must typically undertake the following: 
●
completion of preclinical laboratory tests, animal studies and formulation studies in compliance with the FDA’s good laboratory practice, or GLP, regulations;
●
design of a clinical protocol and submission to the FDA of an IND, which must take effect before human clinical trials may begin;
●
approval by an independent institutional review board, or IRB, representing each clinical site before each clinical trial may be initiated;
●
performance of adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials in accordance with GCPs, to establish the safety and efficacy of the proposed drug product or the safety, potency and purity for the proposed biological product for each indication;
●
preparation and submission to the FDA of a new drug application, or NDA, demonstrating the safety and efficacy for the drug candidate product or, with respect to biologics, a biological licensing application, or BLA, demonstrating the safety, purity and potency of the proposed biological product for one or more proposed indications;
●
review by an FDA advisory committee, where appropriate or if applicable;
●
satisfactory completion of one or more FDA inspections of the manufacturing facility or facilities at which the product, or components thereof, are produced to assess compliance with current Good Manufacturing Practices, or cGMP, requirements and to assure that the facilities, methods and controls are adequate to preserve the product’s identity, strength, quality and purity;
●
satisfactory completion of FDA audits of clinical trial sites to assure compliance with GCPs and the integrity of clinical data;
●
payment of user fees pursuant to the Prescription Drug User Fee Act;  
26

Table of Contents
●
securing FDA approval of the NDA or BLA authorizing marketing of the new drug product or biological product in the United States; and
●
compliance with any post-approval requirements, including the potential requirement to implement a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy, or REMS, and the potential requirement to conduct post-approval studies.
Preclinical Studies
Preclinical studies include laboratory evaluation of the purity and stability of the manufactured drug substance or active pharmaceutical ingredient and the formulated product, as well as 
in vitro
 and animal studies to assess the safety and activity of the investigational product for initial testing in humans and to establish a rationale for therapeutic use. These studies are generally referred to as IND-enabling studies. The conduct of preclinical studies is subject to federal regulations and requirements, including GLP regulations 
and 
standards and the United States Department of Agriculture’s Animal Welfare Act. The results of the preclinical tests, together with manufacturing information, analytical data, any available clinical data or literature and plans for clinical studies, among other things, are submitted to the FDA as part of an IND.
Companies usually must complete some long-term preclinical testing, such as animal tests of reproductive adverse events and carcinogenicity, and must also develop additional information about the chemistry and physical characteristics of the investigational product and finalize a process for manufacturing the product in commercial quantities in accordance with cGMP requirements. The manufacturing process must be capable of consistently producing quality batches of the candidate product and, among other things, the manufacturer must develop methods for testing the identity, strength, quality and purity of the final product. Additionally, appropriate packaging must be selected and tested and stability studies must be conducted to demonstrate that the candidate product does not undergo unacceptable deterioration over its shelf life.
With passage of the FDA’s Modernization Act 2.0 in December 2022, Congress eliminated provisions in both the FDCA and the PHSA that required animal testing in support of an NDA or BLA. While animal testing may still be conducted, the FDA was authorized to rely on alternative non-clinical tests, including cell-based assays, microphysiological systems, or bioprinted or computer models.
The IND and IRB Processes
Clinical trials involve the administration of the investigational product to human subjects under the supervision of qualified investigators in accordance with GCP requirements, which include, among other things, the requirement that all research subjects provide their voluntary informed consent in writing before their participation in any clinical trial. Clinical trials are conducted under written study protocols detailing, among other things, the inclusion and exclusion criteria, the objectives of the study, the parameters to be used in monitoring safety and the effectiveness criteria to be evaluated. A protocol for each clinical trial and any subsequent protocol amendments must be submitted to the FDA as part of the IND.
An IND is an exemption from the FDCA that allows an unapproved product candidate to be shipped in interstate commerce for use in an investigational clinical trial and a request for FDA authorization to administer an investigational drug to humans. Such authorization must be secured prior to interstate shipment and administration of any new drug or biologic that is not the subject of an approved NDA or BLA.  In support of a request for an IND, sponsors must submit a protocol for each clinical trial and any subsequent protocol amendments must be submitted to the FDA as part of the IND.  The FDA requires a 30-day waiting period after the filing of each IND before clinical trials may begin.  This waiting period is designed to allow the FDA to review the IND to 
assure the safety and rights of patients and to help assure that the quality of the investigation will be adequate to permit an evaluation of the drug’s effectiveness and safety and of the biological product’s safety, purity and potency
.  At any time during this 30-day period, or thereafter, the FDA may raise concerns or questions about the conduct of the trials as outlined in the IND and impose a clinical hold or partial clinical hold. In this case, the IND sponsor and the FDA must resolve any outstanding concerns before clinical trials can begin.
In addition to the foregoing IND requirements, an IRB representing each institution participating in the clinical trial must review and approve the plan for any clinical trial before it commences at that institution, and the IRB must conduct continuing review and reapprove the study at least annually. The IRB must review and approve, among other 
27

Table of Contents
things, the study protocol and informed consent information to be provided to study subjects. An IRB must operate in compliance with FDA regulations. An IRB can suspend or terminate approval of a clinical trial at its institution, or an institution it represents, if the clinical trial is not being conducted in accordance with the IRB’s requirements or if the product candidate has been associated with unexpected serious harm to patients.
The FDA’s primary objectives in reviewing an IND are to assure the safety and rights of patients and to help assure that the quality of the investigation will be adequate to permit an evaluation of the drug’s effectiveness and safety and of the biological product’s safety, purity and potency. The decision to terminate development of an investigational drug or biological product may be made by either a health authority body such as the FDA, an IRB or ethics committee, or by us for various reasons. Additionally, some trials are overseen by an independent group of qualified experts organized by the trial sponsor, known as a data monitoring committee. This group provides authorization for whether or not a trial may move forward at designated check points based on access that only the group maintains to available data from the study. Suspension or termination of development during any phase of clinical trials can occur if it is determined that the participants or patients are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk.
Reporting Clinical Trial Results
Under the PHSA, sponsors of clinical trials of certain FDA-regulated products, including prescription drugs and biologics, are required to register and disclose certain clinical trial information on a public registry (clinicaltrials.gov) maintained by the U.S. National Institutes of Health, or NIH.  In particular, information related to the product, patient population, phase of investigation, study sites and investigators and other aspects of the clinical trial is made public as part of the registration of the clinical trial. Although sponsors are also obligated to disclose the results of their clinical trials after completion, disclosure of the results can be delayed in some cases for up to two years after the date of completion of the trial. The NIH’s Final Rule on registration and reporting requirements for clinical trials became effective in 2017.
The PHSA grants the Secretary of Health and Human Services the authority to issue a notice of noncompliance to a responsible party for failure to submit clinical trial information as required. The responsible party, however, is allowed 30 days to correct the noncompliance and submit the required information. As of December 19, 2024, the FDA has issued six notices of non-compliance, thereby signaling the government’s willingness to begin enforcing these requirements against non-compliant clinical trial sponsors. While these notices of non-compliance did not result in civil monetary penalties, the failure to submit clinical trial information to clinicaltrials.gov is a prohibited act under the FDCA with violations subject to potential civil monetary penalties of up to $10,000 for each day the violation continues. Violations may also result in injunctions and/or criminal prosecution or disqualification from federal grants.
Expanded Access to an Investigational Drug for Treatment Use
Expanded access, sometimes called “compassionate use,” is the use of investigational new drug products outside of clinical trials to treat patients with serious or immediately life-threatening diseases or conditions when there are no comparable or satisfactory alternative treatment options. The rules and regulations related to expanded access are intended to improve access to investigational drugs for patients who may benefit from investigational therapies. FDA regulations allow access to investigational drugs under an IND by the company or the treating physician for treatment purposes on a case-by-case basis for: individual patients (single-patient IND applications for treatment in emergency settings and non-emergency settings); intermediate-size patient populations; and larger populations for use of the drug under a treatment protocol or Treatment IND Application. 
When considering an IND application for expanded access to an investigational product with the purpose of treating a patient or a group of patients, the sponsor and treating physicians or investigators will determine suitability when all of the following criteria apply: patient(s) have a serious or immediately life-threatening disease or condition, and there is no comparable or satisfactory alternative therapy to diagnose, monitor, or treat the disease or condition; the potential patient benefit justifies the potential risks of the treatment and the potential risks are not unreasonable in the context or condition to be treated; and the expanded use of the investigational drug for the requested treatment will not interfere initiation, conduct, or completion of clinical investigations that could support marketing approval of the product or otherwise compromise the potential development of the product.
There is no obligation for a sponsor to make its investigational products available for expanded access; however, as required by amendments to the FDCA included in the 21st Century Cures Act, or the Cures Act, passed in 2016, if a 
28

Table of Contents
sponsor has a policy regarding how it responds to expanded access requests with respect to product candidates in development to treat serious diseases or conditions, it must make that policy publicly available. Sponsors are required to make such policies publicly available upon the earlier of initiation of a Phase 2 or Phase 3 study for a covered investigational product; or 15 days after the investigational product receives designation from the FDA as a breakthrough therapy, fast track product, or regenerative medicine advanced therapy.
In addition, on May 30, 2018, the Right to Try Act was signed into law. The law, among other things, provides a federal framework for certain patients to access certain investigational new drug products that have completed a Phase 1 clinical trial and that are undergoing investigation for FDA approval. Under certain circumstances, eligible patients can seek treatment without enrolling in clinical trials and without obtaining FDA permission under the FDA expanded access program. There is no obligation for a drug manufacturer to make its drug products available to eligible patients as a result of the Right to Try Act, but the manufacturer must develop an internal policy and respond to patient requests according to that policy. 
Human Clinical Studies in Support of an NDA or BLA
Clinical trials involve the administration of the investigational product to human subjects under the supervision of qualified investigators in accordance with GCP requirements, which include, among other things, the requirement that all research subjects provide their informed consent in writing before their participation in any clinical trial.  Clinical trials are conducted under written study protocols detailing, among other things, the inclusion and exclusion criteria, the objectives of the study, the parameters to be used in monitoring safety and the effectiveness criteria to be evaluated. 
Human clinical trials are typically conducted in three sequential phases, which may overlap or be combined:
●
Phase 1: The drug or biologic is initially introduced into a small number of healthy human subjects or patients with the target disease or condition and tested for safety, dosage tolerance, absorption, metabolism, distribution, excretion and, if possible, to gain an early indication of its effectiveness and to determine optimal dosage.
●
Phase 2: The drug or biologic is administered to a limited patient population to identify possible adverse effects and safety risks, to preliminarily evaluate the efficacy of the product for specific targeted diseases and to determine dosage tolerance and optimal dosage.
●
Phase 3: The drug or biologic is administered to an expanded patient population, generally at geographically dispersed clinical trial sites, in well-controlled clinical trials to generate enough data to statistically evaluate the efficacy and safety of the product for approval, to establish the overall risk-benefit profile of the product, and to provide adequate information for the labeling of the product.
In some cases, the FDA may approve an NDA or BLA for a product candidate but require the sponsor to conduct additional clinical trials to further assess the product candidate’s safety and effectiveness after approval. Such post-approval trials, typically referred to as Phase 4 clinical trials, may be conducted after initial marketing approval. These trials are used to gain additional experience from the treatment of a larger number of patients in the intended treatment group. In certain instances, the FDA may mandate the performance of Phase 4 clinical trials, such as to verify clinical benefit in the case of products approved under accelerated approval regulations. Failure to exhibit due diligence with regard to conducting mandatory Phase 4 clinical trials could result in withdrawal of FDA approval for products.
A clinical trial may combine the elements of more than one phase, and the FDA often requires more than one Phase 3 trial to support marketing approval of a product candidate. A company’s designation of a clinical trial as being of a particular phase is not necessarily indicative that the study will be sufficient to satisfy the FDA requirements of that phase because this determination cannot be made until the protocol and data have been submitted to and reviewed by the FDA. Moreover, as noted above, a pivotal trial is a clinical trial that is believed to satisfy FDA requirements for the evaluation of a product candidate’s safety and efficacy such that it can be used, alone or with other pivotal or non-pivotal trials, to support regulatory approval. Generally, pivotal trials are Phase 3 trials, but they may be Phase 2 trials if the design provides a well-controlled and reliable assessment of clinical benefit, particularly in an area of unmet medical need.
29

Table of Contents
In December 2022, with the passage of Food and Drug Omnibus Reform Act, or FDORA, Congress began requiring sponsors to develop and submit a diversity action plan, or DAP, for each Phase 3 clinical trial or any other “pivotal study” of a new drug or biological product. These plans are meant to encourage the enrollment of more diverse patient populations in late-stage clinical trials of FDA-regulated products.  Specifically, DAPs must include the sponsor’s goals for enrollment, the underlying rationale for those goals, and an explanation of how the sponsor intends to meet them.  In addition to these requirements, the legislation directs the FDA to issue new guidance on DAPs. In June 2024, as mandated by FDORA, the FDA issued draft guidance outlining the general requirements for DAPs. Unlike most guidance documents issued by the FDA, the DAP guidance when finalized will have the force of law because FDORA specifically dictates that the form and manner for submission of DAPs are specified in FDA guidance. On January 27, 2025, in response to an Executive Order issued by President Trump on January 21, 2025, on Diversity, Equity and Inclusion programs, the FDA removed this draft guidance from its website. This action raises questions about the applicability of statutory obligations to submit DAPs and the agency’s current thinking on best practices for clinical development.
In June 2023, the FDA issued draft guidance with updated recommendations for GCPs aimed at modernizing the design and conduct of clinical trials. The updates are intended to help pave the way for more efficient clinical trials to facilitate the development of medical products. The draft guidance is adopted from the International Council for Harmonisation’s recently updated E6(R3) draft guideline that was developed to enable the incorporation of rapidly developing technological and methodological innovations into the clinical trial enterprise. In addition, the FDA issued draft guidance outlining recommendations for the implementation of decentralized clinical trials.
Clinical Trials Outside the United States in Support of FDA Approval
In connection with our clinical development program, we have trial sites outside the United States from time to time.  When a foreign clinical trial 
is conducted under an IND, all IND requirements must be met unless waived. When a foreign clinical trial is not conducted under an IND, the sponsor must ensure that the trial complies with certain regulatory requirements of the FDA in order to use the trial as support for an IND or application for marketing approval. Specifically, the trials must be conducted in accordance with GCP, including undergoing review and receiving approval by an independent ethics committee, or IEC, and seeking and receiving informed consent from subjects. GCP requirements encompass both ethical and data integrity standards for clinical studies. The FDA’s regulations are intended to help ensure the protection of human subjects enrolled in non-IND foreign clinical trials, as well as the quality and integrity of the resulting data. They further help ensure that non-IND foreign trials are conducted in a manner comparable to that required for IND trials. 
The acceptance by the FDA of trial data from clinical trials conducted outside the United States in support of US approval may be subject to certain conditions or may not be accepted at all. In cases where data from foreign clinical trials are intended to serve as the sole basis for marketing approval in the United States, the FDA will generally not approve the application on the basis of foreign data alone unless (i) the data are applicable to the U.S. population and U.S. medical practice; (ii) the trials were performed by clinical investigators of recognized competence and pursuant to GCP regulations; and (iii) the data may be considered valid without the need for an on-site inspection by the FDA, or if the FDA considers such inspection to be necessary, the FDA is able to validate the data through an on-site inspection or other appropriate means. 
In addition, even where the foreign trial data are not intended to serve as the sole basis for approval, the FDA will not accept the data as support for an application for marketing approval unless the trial is well-designed and well-conducted in accordance with GCP requirements and the FDA is able to validate the data from the trial through an onsite inspection if deemed necessary. Many foreign regulatory authorities have similar approval requirements. In addition, such foreign trials are subject to the applicable local laws of the foreign jurisdictions where the trials are conducted.
Interactions with FDA During the Clinical Development Program
Following the clearance of an IND and the commencement of clinical trials, the sponsor will continue to have interactions with the FDA.  Progress reports detailing the results of clinical trials must be submitted at least annually to the FDA and more frequently if serious adverse events occur. These reports must include a development safety update report. In addition, IND safety reports must be submitted to the FDA for any of the following: serious and unexpected suspected adverse reactions; findings from other studies or animal or 
in vitro
 testing that suggest a significant risk in humans exposed to the product candidate; and any clinically important increase in the occurrence of a serious suspected 
30

Table of Contents
adverse reaction over that listed in the protocol or investigator brochure.  Phase 1, Phase 2 and Phase 3 clinical trials may not be completed successfully within any specified period, or at all.  The FDA will typically inspect one or more clinical sites to assure compliance with GCP and the integrity of the clinical data submitted.
In addition, sponsors are given opportunities to meet with the FDA at certain points in the clinical development program.  Specifically, sponsors may meet with the FDA prior to the submission of an IND (pre-IND meeting), at the end of Phase 2 clinical trial (EOP2 meeting) and before an NDA or BLA is submitted (pre-NDA or pre-BLA meeting). Meetings at other times may also be requested. There are five types of meetings that occur between sponsors and the FDA.  Type A meetings are those that are necessary for an otherwise stalled product development program to proceed or to address an important safety issue.  Type B meetings include pre-IND and pre-NDA/pre-BLA meetings, as well as end of phase meetings such as EOP2 meetings.  A Type C meeting is any meeting other than a Type A or Type B meeting regarding the development and review of a product, including for example meetings to facilitate early consultations on the use of a biomarker as a new surrogate endpoint that has never been previously used as the primary basis for product approval in the proposed context of use. A Type D meeting is focused on a narrow set of issues, which should be limited to no more than two focused topics and should not require input from more than three disciplines or Divisions. Finally, INTERACT meetings are intended for novel products and development programs that present unique challenges in the early development of an investigational product.
These meetings provide an opportunity for the sponsor to share information about the data gathered to date with the FDA and for the FDA to provide advice on the next phase of development.  For example, at an EOP2 meeting, a sponsor may discuss its Phase 2 clinical results and present its plans for the pivotal Phase 3 clinical trial(s) that it believes will support the approval of the new product.  Such meetings may be conducted in person, via teleconference/videoconference or written response only with minutes reflecting the questions that the sponsor posed to the FDA and the FDA’s responses.  The FDA has indicated that its responses, as conveyed in meeting minutes and advice letters, only constitute mere recommendations and/or advice made to a sponsor and, as such, sponsors are not bound by such recommendations and/or advice. From a practical perspective, a sponsor’s failure to follow the FDA’s recommendations for design of a clinical program may put the program at significant risk of failure.
Special Protocol Assessment Agreements
A Special Protocol Assessment, or SPA, agreement is an agreement between a sponsor and the FDA on the design and size of studies and clinical trials that can be used for approval of a drug or biological product. The FDA’s guidance on such agreements states that an agreement may not be changed by the sponsor or the agency unless through a written agreement of the two entities or if FDA determines there is a substantial scientific issue essential to determining the safety or effectiveness of the drug or the safety, potency or purity of the biologic product. The protocols that are eligible for SPA agreements are: animal carcinogenicity protocols, final product stability protocols and clinical protocols for Phase 3 trials where the data will form the primary basis for an efficacy claim.
The FDA may meet with sponsors, provided certain conditions are met, for the purpose of reaching an SPA agreement on the design and size of clinical trials intended to form the primary basis of an efficacy claim in a marketing application. If a sponsor makes a reasonable written request to meet with the FDA for the purpose of reaching agreement on the design and size of a clinical trial, then the FDA will meet with the sponsor. If an agreement is reached, the FDA will reduce the agreement to writing and make it part of the administrative record. An agreement may not be changed by the sponsor or FDA after the trial begins, except with the written agreement of the sponsor and FDA, or if the director of the FDA reviewing division determines that “a substantial scientific issue essential to determining the safety or effectiveness of the investigational product was identified after the testing began. If a sponsor and the FDA meet regarding the design and size of a clinical trial and the parties cannot agree that the trial design is adequate to meet the goals of the sponsor, the FDA will clearly state the reasons for the disagreement in a letter to the sponsor.
Manufacturing and Other Regulatory Requirements
Concurrently with clinical trials, sponsors usually complete additional animal safety studies, develop additional information about the chemistry and physical characteristics of the product candidate and finalize a process for manufacturing commercial quantities of the product candidate in accordance with cGMP requirements. The manufacturing process must be capable of consistently producing quality batches of the product candidate and, among other criteria, the sponsor must develop methods for testing the identity, strength, quality, and purity of the finished 
31

Table of Contents
product. Additionally, appropriate packaging must be selected and tested and stability studies must be conducted to demonstrate that the product candidate does not undergo unacceptable deterioration over its shelf life. 
Specifically, the FDA’s regulations require that pharmaceutical products be manufactured in specific approved facilities and in accordance with cGMPs. The cGMP regulations include requirements relating to organization of personnel, buildings and facilities, equipment, control of components and product containers and closures, production and process controls, packaging and labeling controls, holding and distribution, laboratory controls, records and reports and returned or salvaged products. Manufacturers and other entities involved in the manufacture and distribution of approved pharmaceuticals are required to register their establishments with the FDA and some state agencies, and they are subject to periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA for compliance with cGMPs and other requirements. Inspections must follow a “risk-based schedule” that may result in certain establishments being inspected more frequently. Manufacturers may also have to provide, on request, electronic or physical records regarding their establishments. Delaying, denying, limiting, or refusing inspection by the FDA may lead to a product being deemed to be adulterated.  Changes to the manufacturing process, specifications or container closure system for an approved product are strictly regulated and often require prior FDA approval before being implemented. The FDA’s regulations also require, among other things, the investigation and correction of any deviations from cGMP and the imposition of reporting and documentation requirements upon the sponsor and any third-party manufacturers involved in producing the approved product.
The PREVENT Pandemics Act, which was enacted in December 2022, clarifies that foreign drug manufacturing establishments are subject to registration and listing requirements even if a drug or biologic undergoes further manufacture, preparation, propagation, compounding, or processing at a separate establishment outside the United States prior to being imported or offered for import into the United States. 
Pediatric Studies
Under the Pediatric Research Equity Act, or PREA, applications and certain types of supplements to applications must contain data that are adequate to assess the safety and effectiveness of the product for the claimed indications in all relevant pediatric subpopulations, and to support dosing and administration for each pediatric subpopulation for which the product is safe and effective. The sponsor must submit an initial Pediatric Study Plan, or PSP, within 60 days of an EOP2 meeting or as may be agreed between the sponsor and the FDA. Those plans must contain an outline of the proposed pediatric study or studies the sponsor plans to conduct, including study objectives and design, age groups, relevant endpoints and statistical approach, or a justification for not including such detailed information, and any request for a deferral of pediatric assessments or a full or partial waiver of the requirement to provide data from pediatric studies along with supporting information. The sponsor and the FDA must reach agreement on a final plan. A sponsor can submit amendments to an agreed-upon initial PSP at any time if changes to the pediatric plan need to be considered based on data collected from nonclinical studies, early phase clinical trials, and/or other clinical development programs.
The FDA may, on its own initiative or at the request of the sponsor, grant deferrals for submission of some or all pediatric data until after approval of the product for use in adults, or full or partial waivers from the pediatric data requirements. A deferral may be granted for several reasons, including a finding that the product or therapeutic candidate is ready for approval for use in adults before pediatric trials are complete or that additional safety or effectiveness data needs to be collected before the pediatric trials begin. Pursuant to the Food and Drug Administration Safety and Innovation Act of 2012, or FDASIA, the FDA must send a PREA Non-Compliance letter to sponsors who have failed to submit their pediatric assessments required under PREA, have failed to seek or obtain a deferral or deferral extension or have failed to request approval for a required pediatric formulation. It further requires the FDA to publicly post the PREA Non-Compliance letter and sponsor’s response.  Unless otherwise required by regulation, the pediatric data requirements do not apply to products with orphan designation, although the FDA has recently taken steps to limit what it considers abuse of this statutory exemption in PREA by announcing that it does not intend to grant any additional orphan drug designations for rare pediatric subpopulations of what is otherwise a common disease. The FDA also maintains a list of diseases that are exempt from PREA requirements due to low prevalence of disease in the pediatric population. In May 2023, the FDA issued new draft guidance that further describes the pediatric study requirements under PREA.
32

Table of Contents
Section 505(b)(2) NDAs
NDAs for most new drug products are based on two full clinical studies which must contain substantial evidence of the safety and efficacy of the proposed new product. These applications are submitted under Section 505(b)(1) of the FDCA. The FDA is, however, authorized to approve an alternative type of NDA under Section 505(b)(2) of the FDCA. This type of application allows the sponsor to rely, in part, on the FDA’s previous findings of safety and efficacy for a similar product, or published literature. Specifically, Section 505(b)(2) applies to NDAs for a drug for which the investigations made to show whether or not the drug is safe for use and effective in use and relied upon by the sponsor for approval of the application “were not conducted by or for the sponsor and for which the sponsor has not obtained a right of reference or use from the person by or for whom the investigations were conducted.”
Section 505(b)(2) thus authorizes the FDA to approve an NDA based on safety and effectiveness data that were not developed by the sponsor. NDAs filed under Section 505(b)(2) may provide an alternate and potentially more expeditious pathway to FDA approval for new or improved formulations or new uses of previously approved products. If the 505(b)(2) sponsor can establish that reliance on the FDA’s previous approval is scientifically appropriate, the sponsor may eliminate the need to conduct certain preclinical or clinical studies of the new product. The FDA may also require companies to perform additional studies or measurements to support the change from the approved product. The FDA may then approve the new drug candidate for all or some of the label indications for which the referenced product has been approved, as well as for any new indication sought by the Section 505(b)(2) sponsor.
If we obtain favorable results in our clinical trials, we plan to submit NDAs for our product candidates under Section 505(b)(2).
Acceptance and Review of NDAs and BLAs
Assuming successful completion of the required clinical testing, the results of the preclinical studies and clinical trials, along with information relating to the product’s chemistry, manufacturing, controls, safety updates, patent information, abuse information and proposed labeling, are submitted to the FDA as part of an application requesting approval to market the product candidate for one or more indications. Data may come from company-sponsored clinical trials intended to test the safety and efficacy of a product’s use or from a number of alternative sources, including studies initiated by investigators. To support marketing approval, the data submitted must be sufficient in quality and quantity to establish the safety and efficacy of a drug product and the safety, potency and purity of the biological product to the satisfaction of the FDA.
The fee required for the submission and review of an application under the Prescription Drug User Fee Act, or PDUFA, is substantial (for example, for FY2025 this application fee is approximately $4.3 million), and the sponsor of an approved application is also subject to an annual program fee, which for FY2025 is currently set at $403,889 per eligible prescription product. These fees are typically adjusted annually, and exemptions and waivers may be available under certain circumstances, such as where a waiver is necessary to protect the public health, where the fee would present a significant barrier to innovation, or where the sponsor is a small business submitting its first human therapeutic application for review.
The FDA conducts a preliminary review of all applications within 60 days of receipt and must inform the sponsor at that time or before whether an application is sufficiently complete to permit substantive review.  In pertinent part, FDA’s regulations state that an application “shall not be considered as filed until all pertinent information and data have been received” by the FDA.  In the event that FDA determines that an application does not satisfy this standard, it will issue a Refuse to File, or RTF, determination to the sponsor.  Typically, an RTF will be based on administrative incompleteness, such as clear omission of information or sections of required information; scientific incompleteness, such as omission of critical data, information or analyses needed to evaluate safety and efficacy or provide adequate directions for use; or inadequate content, presentation, or organization of information such that substantive and meaningful review is precluded.  The FDA may request additional information rather than accept an application for filing. In this event, the application must be resubmitted with the additional information. The resubmitted application is also subject to review before the FDA accepts it for filing.
After the submission is accepted for filing, the FDA begins an in-depth substantive review of the application. The FDA reviews the application to determine, among other things, whether the proposed product is safe and effective for its intended use, whether it has an acceptable purity profile and whether the product is being manufactured in accordance 
33

Table of Contents
with cGMP. Under the goals and policies agreed to by the FDA under PDUFA, the FDA has ten months from the filing date in which to complete its initial review of a standard application that is a new molecular entity, and six months from the filing date for an application with “priority review.” The review process may be extended by the FDA for three additional months to consider new information or in the case of a clarification provided by the sponsor to address an outstanding deficiency identified by the FDA following the original submission. Despite these review goals, it is not uncommon for FDA review of an application to extend beyond the PDUFA target action date. The FDA’s ability to meet its review goals may be affected by a variety of factors, including government budget and funding levels, the ability to hire and retain key personnel and statutory, regulatory and policy changes. Average review times at the FDA have fluctuated in recent years.
In connection with its review of an application, the FDA will typically submit information requests to the sponsor and set deadlines for responses thereto.  The FDA will also conduct a pre-approval inspection of the manufacturing facilities for the new product to determine whether the manufacturing processes and facilities comply with cGMPs. The FDA will not approve the product unless it determines that the manufacturing processes and facilities are in compliance with cGMP requirements and are adequate to assure consistent production of the product within required specifications. 
The FDA also may inspect the sponsor and one or more clinical trial sites to assure compliance with IND and GCP requirements and the integrity of the clinical data submitted to the FDA. With passage of FDORA, Congress clarified FDA’s authority to conduct inspections by expressly permitting inspection of facilities involved in the preparation, conduct, or analysis of clinical and non-clinical studies submitted to FDA as well as other persons holding study records or involved in the study process. To ensure cGMP and GCP compliance by its employees and third-party contractors, a sponsor may incur significant expenditure of time, money and effort in the areas of training, record keeping, production and quality control.
Moreover, the FDA will review a sponsor’s financial relationship with the principal investigators who conducted the clinical trials in support of the NDA. That is because, under certain circumstances, principal investigators at a clinical trial site may also serve as scientific advisors or consultants to a sponsor and receive compensation in connection with such services. Depending on the level of that compensation and any other financial interest a principal investigator may have in a sponsor, the sponsor may be required to report these relationships to the FDA. The FDA will then evaluate that financial relationship and determine whether it creates a conflict of interest or otherwise affects the interpretation of the trial or the integrity of the data generated at the principal investigator’s clinical trial site. If so, the FDA may exclude data from the clinical trial site in connection with its determination of safety and efficacy of the investigational product.
Additionally, the FDA may refer an application, including applications for novel product candidates which present difficult questions of safety or efficacy, to an advisory committee for review, evaluation and recommendation as to whether the application should be approved and under what conditions.  Typically, an advisory committee is a panel of independent experts, including clinicians and other scientific experts that reviews, evaluates and provides a recommendation as to whether the application should be approved and under what conditions. The FDA is not bound by the recommendation of an advisory committee, but it considers such recommendations when making final decisions on approval. Data from clinical trials are not always conclusive, and the FDA or its advisory committee may interpret data differently than the sponsor interprets the same data. The FDA may also re-analyze the clinical trial data, which could result in extensive discussions between the FDA and the sponsor during the review process.
The FDA also may require submission of a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy, or REMS, if it determines that a REMS is necessary to ensure that the benefits of the product outweigh its risks and to assure the safe use of the product. The REMS could include medication guides, physician communication plans, assessment plans and/or elements to assure safe use, such as restricted distribution methods, patient registries or other risk minimization tools. The FDA determines the requirement for a REMS, as well as the specific REMS provisions, on a case-by-case basis. If the FDA concludes a REMS is needed, the sponsor of the application must submit a proposed REMS and the FDA will not approve the application without a REMS.
Decisions on NDAs and BLAs
The FDA reviews a sponsor to determine, among other things, whether the product is safe and whether it is effective for its intended use(s), with the latter determination being made on the basis of substantial evidence.  The term “substantial evidence” is defined under the FDCA as “evidence consisting of adequate and well-controlled investigations, including clinical investigations, by experts qualified by scientific training and experience to evaluate the 
34

Table of Contents
effectiveness of the product involved, on the basis of which it could fairly and responsibly be concluded by such experts that the product will have the effect it purports or is represented to have under the conditions of use prescribed, recommended, or suggested in the labeling or proposed labeling thereof.”
The FDA has interpreted this evidentiary standard to require at least two adequate and well-controlled clinical investigations to establish effectiveness of a new product. Under certain circumstances, however, FDA has indicated that a single trial with certain characteristics and additional information may satisfy this standard. This approach was subsequently endorsed by Congress in 1998 with legislation providing, in pertinent part, that “If FDA determines, based on relevant science, that data from one adequate and well-controlled clinical investigation and confirmatory evidence (obtained prior to or after such investigation) are sufficient to establish effectiveness, FDA may consider such data and evidence to constitute substantial evidence.” This modification to the law recognized the potential for FDA to find that one adequate and well controlled clinical investigation with confirmatory evidence, including supportive data outside of a controlled trial, is sufficient to establish effectiveness.  In December 2019, FDA issued draft guidance further explaining the studies that are needed to establish substantial evidence of effectiveness. The FDA also issued draft guidance in September 2023 that outlines considerations for relying on confirmatory evidence in lieu of a second clinical trial to demonstrate efficacy. The FDA has not yet finalized such guidance.
After evaluating the application and all related information, including the advisory committee recommendations, if any, and inspection reports of manufacturing facilities and clinical trial sites, the FDA will issue either a complete response letter, or CRL, or an approval letter.  To reach this determination, the FDA must determine that the drug is effective and that its expected benefits outweigh its potential risks to patients. This “benefit-risk” assessment is informed by the extensive body of evidence about the product’s safety and efficacy in the NDA or BLA. This assessment is also informed by other factors, including: the severity of the underlying condition and how well patients’ medical needs are addressed by currently available therapies; uncertainty about how the premarket clinical trial evidence will extrapolate to real-world use of the product in the post-market setting; and whether risk management tools are necessary to manage specific risks.  In connection with this assessment, the FDA review team will assemble all individual reviews and other documents into an “action package,” which becomes the record for FDA review. The review team then issues a recommendation, and a senior FDA official makes a decision.
A CRL indicates that the review cycle of the application is complete, and the application will not be approved in its present form. A CRL generally outlines the deficiencies in the submission and may require substantial additional testing or information in order for the FDA to reconsider the application. The CRL may require additional clinical or other data, additional pivotal Phase 3 clinical trial(s) and/or other significant and time- consuming requirements related to clinical trials, preclinical studies or manufacturing. If a CRL is issued, the sponsor will have one year to respond to the deficiencies identified by the FDA, at which time the FDA can deem the application withdrawn or, in its discretion, grant the sponsor an additional six-month extension to respond.  The FDA has committed to reviewing resubmissions in response to an issued CRL in either two or six months depending on the type of information included. Even with the submission of this additional information, however, the FDA ultimately may decide that the application does not satisfy the regulatory criteria for approval.  The FDA has taken the position that a CRL is not final agency action making the determination subject to judicial review. For those seeking to challenge FDA’s CRL decision, the FDA has indicated that sponsors may request a formal hearing on the CRL or file a request for reconsideration or a request for a formal dispute resolution. 
An approval letter, on the other hand, authorizes commercial marketing of the product with specific prescribing information for specific indications.  That is, the approval will be limited to the conditions of use (e.g., patient population, indication) described in the FDA-approved labeling. Further, depending on the specific risk(s) to be addressed, the FDA may require that contraindications, warnings or precautions be included in the product labeling, require that post-approval trials, including Phase 4 clinical trials, be conducted to further assess a product’s safety after approval, require testing and surveillance programs to monitor the product after commercialization or impose other conditions, including distribution and use restrictions or other risk management mechanisms under a REMS which can materially affect the potential market and profitability of the product. The FDA may prevent or limit further marketing of a product based on the results of post-marketing trials or surveillance programs. After approval, some types of changes to the approved product, such as adding new indications, manufacturing changes and additional labeling claims, are subject to further testing requirements and FDA review and approval.
35

Table of Contents
Under the Ensuring Innovation Act, which was signed into law in April 2021, the FDA must publish action packages summarizing its decisions to approve new drugs and biologics within 30 days of approval of such products.  To date, CRLs are not publicly available documents.
Accelerated Approval Pathway
The FDA may grant accelerated approval to a drug for a serious or life-threatening condition that provides meaningful therapeutic advantage to patients over existing treatments based upon a determination that the drug has an effect on a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit. The FDA may also grant accelerated approval for such a condition when the product has an effect on an intermediate clinical endpoint that can be measured earlier than an effect on irreversible morbidity or mortality, or IMM, and that is reasonably likely to predict an effect on irreversible morbidity or mortality or other clinical benefit, taking into account the severity, rarity, or prevalence of the condition and the availability or lack of alternative treatments. Drugs granted accelerated approval must meet the same statutory standards for safety and effectiveness as those granted traditional approval.
For the purposes of accelerated approval, a surrogate endpoint is a marker, such as a laboratory measurement, radiographic image, physical sign, or other measure that is thought to predict clinical benefit, but is not itself a measure of clinical benefit. Surrogate endpoints can often be measured more easily or more rapidly than clinical endpoints. An intermediate clinical endpoint is a measurement of a therapeutic effect that is considered reasonably likely to predict the clinical benefit of a drug, such as an effect on IMM. The FDA has limited experience with accelerated approvals based on intermediate clinical endpoints but has indicated that such endpoints generally may support accelerated approval where the therapeutic effect measured by the endpoint is not itself a clinical benefit and basis for traditional approval, if there is a basis for concluding that the therapeutic effect is reasonably likely to predict the ultimate clinical benefit of a drug.
The accelerated approval pathway is most often used in settings in which the course of a disease is long and an extended period of time is required to measure the intended clinical benefit of a drug, even if the effect on the surrogate or intermediate clinical endpoint occurs rapidly. The accelerated approval pathway is usually contingent on a sponsor’s agreement to conduct, in a diligent manner, additional post-approval confirmatory studies to verify and describe the drug’s clinical benefit. As a result, a product candidate approved on this basis is subject to rigorous post-marketing compliance requirements, including the completion of Phase 4 or post-approval clinical trials to confirm the effect on the clinical endpoint. Failure to conduct required post-approval studies, or confirm a clinical benefit during post-marketing studies, would allow the FDA to withdraw the drug from the market on an expedited basis. All promotional materials for product candidates approved under accelerated regulations are subject to prior review by the FDA.
With passage of FDORA, Congress modified certain provisions governing accelerated approval of drug and biologic products.  Specifically, the new legislation authorized the FDA to: require a sponsor to have its confirmatory clinical trial underway before accelerated approval is awarded, require a sponsor of a product granted accelerated approval to submit progress reports on its post-approval studies to FDA every six months until the study is completed; and use expedited procedures to withdraw accelerated approval of an NDA or BLA after the confirmatory trial fails to verify the product’s clinical benefit.  Further, FDORA requires the FDA to publish on its website “the rationale for why a post-approval study is not appropriate or necessary” whenever it decides not to require such a study upon granting accelerated approval. 
In March 2023, the FDA issued draft guidance that outlines its current thinking and approach to accelerated approval. The guidance provides that although single-arm trials have been commonly used to support accelerated approval, a randomized controlled trial is the preferred approach as it provides a more robust efficacy and safety assessment and allows for direct comparisons to an available therapy. Subsequently, in December 2024 and January 2025, the FDA issued additional draft guidances relating to accelerated approval. These guidances describe FDA’s latest thinking on what it means to conduct a confirmatory trial with due diligence and how the agency plans to interpret whether such a study needs to be underway at the time of approval. While these guidances are currently only in draft form and will ultimately not be legally binding even when finalized, sponsors typically observe the FDA’s guidance closely to ensure that their investigational products qualify for accelerated approval.
36

Table of Contents
Post-Approval Regulation 
Drugs and biologics manufactured or distributed pursuant to FDA approvals are subject to pervasive and continuing regulation by the FDA, including, among other things, requirements relating to recordkeeping, periodic reporting, product sampling and distribution, advertising and promotion and reporting of adverse experiences with the product.  After approval, most changes to the approved product, such as adding new indications or other labeling claims, are subject to prior FDA review and approval. There also are continuing, annual user fee requirements for any marketed products and the establishments at which such products are manufactured, as well as new application fees for supplemental applications with clinical data. 
In addition, manufacturers and other entities involved in the manufacture and distribution of approved products are required to register their establishments with the FDA and state agencies, and are subject to periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA and these state agencies for compliance with cGMP requirements. Changes to the manufacturing process are strictly regulated and often require prior FDA approval before being implemented. FDA regulations also require investigation and correction of any deviations from cGMP and impose reporting and documentation requirements upon the sponsor and any third-party manufacturers that the sponsor may decide to use. Accordingly, manufacturers must continue to expend time, money, and effort in the area of production and quality control to maintain cGMP compliance. 
A product may also be subject to official lot release, meaning that the manufacturer is required to perform certain tests on each lot of the product before it is released for distribution. If the product is subject to official release, the manufacturer must submit samples of each lot, together with a release protocol showing a summary of the history of manufacture of the lot and the results of all of the manufacturer’s tests performed on the lot, to the FDA. The FDA may in addition perform certain confirmatory tests on lots of some products before releasing the lots for distribution. Finally, the FDA will conduct laboratory research related to the safety, purity, potency and effectiveness of pharmaceutical products.
Once an approval is granted, the FDA may withdraw the approval if compliance with regulatory requirements and standards is not maintained or if problems occur after the product reaches the market. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with a product, including adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or with manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may result in revisions to the approved labeling to add new safety information; imposition of post-market studies or clinical trials to assess new safety risks; or imposition of distribution or other restrictions under a REMS program. Other potential consequences include, among other things:
●
restrictions on the marketing or manufacturing of the product, suspension of the approval, complete withdrawal of the product from the market or product recalls;
●
fines, warning letters or holds on post-approval clinical trials;
●
refusal of the FDA to approve pending NDAs or supplements to approved NDAs, or suspension or revocation of product license approvals;
●
product seizure or detention, or refusal to permit the import or export of products; or
●
injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties.
The FDA strictly regulates marketing, labeling, advertising and promotion of products that are placed on the market. Products may be promoted only for the approved indications and in accordance with the provisions of the approved label. If a company is found to have promoted off-label uses, it may become subject to adverse public relations and administrative and judicial enforcement by the FDA, the Department of Justice, or the Office of the Inspector General of the HHS, as well as state authorities. This could subject a company to a range of penalties that could have a significant commercial impact, including civil and criminal fines and agreements that materially restrict the manner in which a company promotes or distributes drug products. In September 2021, the FDA published final regulations which describe the types of evidence that the agency will consider in determining the intended use of a drug or biologic.
37

Table of Contents
It may be permissible, under very specific, narrow conditions, for a manufacturer to engage in nonpromotional, non-misleading communication regarding off-label information, such as distributing scientific or medical journal information.  Moreover, with passage of the Pre-Approval Information Exchange Act, or PIE Act, in December 2022, sponsors of products that have not been approved may proactively communicate to payors certain information about products and product candidates in development to help expedite patient access upon product approval.  Previously, such communications were permitted under FDA guidance but the new legislation explicitly provides protection to sponsors who convey certain information about products and product candidates in development to payors, including unapproved uses of approved products. In addition, in January 2025, the FDA published final guidance outlining the agency’s non-binding policies governing the distribution of scientific information on unapproved uses of approved products to healthcare providers.  This final guidance calls for such communications to be truthful, non-misleading, factual, and unbiased and include all information necessary for healthcare providers to interpret the strengths and weaknesses and validity and utility of the information about the unapproved use.
In addition, the distribution of prescription pharmaceutical products is subject to a variety of federal and state laws, the most recent of which is still in the process of being phased into the U.S. supply chain and regulatory framework. The Prescription Drug Marketing Act, or PDMA, was the first federal law to set minimum standards for the registration and regulation of drug distributors by the states and to regulate the distribution of drug samples. Today, both the PDMA and state laws limit the distribution of prescription pharmaceutical product samples and impose requirements to ensure accountability in distribution. In November 2013, the Federal Drug Supply Chain Security Act became effective in the U.S., mandating an industry-wide, electronic, interoperable system to trace prescription drugs through the pharmaceutical distribution supply chain with a ten-year phase-in process. Manufacturers were required by November 2023 to have such systems and processes. So as not to disrupt supply chains, the FDA has granted certain exemptions from enhanced drug distribution security requirements for eligible trading partners for particular periods of time.
Generic Drugs and Regulatory Exclusivity
In 1984, with passage of the Hatch-Waxman Act, Congress established an abbreviated regulatory scheme authorizing the FDA to approve generic drugs that are shown to contain the same active ingredients as, and to be bioequivalent to, drugs previously approved by the FDA pursuant to NDAs and it also enacted Section 505(b)(2). To obtain approval of a generic drug, a sponsor must submit an abbreviated new drug application, or ANDA, to the agency. In support of such applications, a generic manufacturer may rely on the preclinical and clinical testing conducted for a drug product previously approved under an NDA, known as the reference listed drug, or RLD. 
Specifically, in order for an ANDA to be approved, the FDA must find that the generic version is identical to the RLD with respect to the active ingredients, the route of administration, the dosage form, the strength of the drug and the conditions of use of the drug. At the same time, the FDA must also determine that the generic drug is “bioequivalent” to the innovator drug. Under the statute, a generic drug is bioequivalent to a RLD if “the rate and extent of absorption of the drug do not show a significant difference from the rate and extent of absorption of the listed drug.” Upon approval of an ANDA, the FDA indicates whether the generic product is “therapeutically equivalent” to the RLD in its publication “Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic Equivalence Evaluations,” also referred to as the “Orange Book.” Physicians and pharmacists consider a therapeutic equivalent generic drug to be fully substitutable for the RLD. 
Under the Hatch-Waxman Act, the FDA may not approve an ANDA or 505(b)(2) application until any applicable period of non-patent exclusivity for the RLD has expired. The FDCA provides a period of five years of regulatory exclusivity for a new drug containing a new chemical entity, or NCE. For the purposes of this provision, FDA has consistently taken the position that an NCE is a drug that contains no active moiety that has previously been approved by the FDA in any other NDA. This interpretation was confirmed with enactment of the Ensuring Innovation Act in April 2021.  An active moiety is the molecule or ion responsible for the physiological or pharmacological action of the drug substance. In cases where such NCE exclusivity has been granted, a generic or follow-on drug application may not be filed with the FDA until the expiration of five years unless the submission is accompanied by a Paragraph IV certification, in which case the sponsor may submit its application four years following the original product approval. 
The FDCA also provides for a period of three years of regulatory exclusivity if the NDA includes reports of one or more new clinical investigations, other than bioavailability or bioequivalence studies, that were conducted by or for the sponsor and are essential to the approval of the application. This three-year exclusivity period often protects changes to a previously approved drug product, such as new indications, dosage forms, route of administration or combination of ingredients. Three-year exclusivity would be available for a drug product that contains a previously approved active 
38

Table of Contents
moiety, provided the statutory requirement for a new clinical investigation is satisfied. Unlike five-year NCE exclusivity, an award of three-year exclusivity does not block the FDA from accepting ANDAs or 505(b)(2) NDAs seeking approval for generic versions of the drug as of the date of approval of the original drug product; rather, this three-year exclusivity covers only the conditions of use associated with the new clinical investigations and, as a general matter, does not prohibit the FDA from approving follow-on applications for drugs containing the original active ingredient.
Five-year and three-year exclusivity also will not delay the submission or approval of a traditional NDA filed under Section 505(b)(1) of the FDCA; however, a sponsor submitting a traditional NDA would be required to conduct or obtain a right of reference to all of the preclinical studies and adequate and well-controlled clinical trials necessary to demonstrate safety and effectiveness.
As part of the submission of an NDA or certain supplemental applications, NDA sponsors are required to list with the FDA each patent with claims that cover the sponsor’s product or an approved method of using the product. Upon approval of a new drug, each of the patents listed in the application for the drug is then published in the Orange Book.  The FDA’s regulations governing patient listings were largely codified into law with enactment of the Orange Book Modernization Act in January 2021. When an ANDA sponsor files its application with the FDA, the sponsor is required to certify to the FDA concerning any patents listed for the reference product in the Orange Book.  Specifically, the ANDA sponsor must certify that: (i) the required patent information has not been filed; (ii) the listed patent has expired; (iii) the listed patent has not expired, but will expire on a particular date and approval is sought after patent expiration; or (iv) the listed patent is invalid or will not be infringed by the new product. Moreover, to the extent that the Section 505(b)(2) NDA sponsor is relying on studies conducted for an already approved product, the sponsor also is required to certify to the FDA concerning any patents listed for the NDA-approved product in the Orange Book to the same extent that an ANDA sponsor would.
If the generic drug or follow-on drug sponsor does not challenge the innovator’s listed patents, FDA will not approve the ANDA or 505(b)(2) application until all the listed patents claiming the referenced product have expired. A certification that the new generic product will not infringe the already approved product’s listed patents or that such patents are invalid or unenforceable is called a Paragraph IV certification. If the ANDA sponsor has provided a Paragraph IV certification to the FDA, the sponsor must also send notice of the Paragraph IV certification to the NDA owner and patent holders once the ANDA has been accepted for filing by the FDA. The NDA owner and patent holders may then initiate a patent infringement lawsuit in response to the notice of the Paragraph IV certification. The filing of a patent infringement lawsuit within 45 days after the receipt of a Paragraph IV certification automatically prevents the FDA from approving the ANDA or 505(b)(2) NDA until the earliest of 30 months after the receipt of the Paragraph IV notice, expiration of the patent and a decision in the infringement case that is favorable to the ANDA or 505(b)(2) NDA sponsor.
Regulatory Exclusivity Governing Biologics
When a biological product is licensed for marketing by FDA with approval of a BLA, the product may be entitled to certain types of market and data exclusivity barring FDA from approving competing products for certain periods of time.  In March 2010, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act was enacted in the United States and included the Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act of 2009, or the BPCIA. The BPCIA amended the PHSA to create an abbreviated approval pathway for biological products that are biosimilar to or interchangeable with an FDA-licensed reference biological product.  Since enactment of this statute, the FDA has approved a number of biosimilars and interchangeable biosimilar products.
Under the BPCIA, a manufacturer may submit an application for a product that is “biosimilar to” a previously approved biological product, which the statute refers to as a “reference product.” In order for the FDA to approve a biosimilar product, it must find that there are no clinically meaningful differences between the reference product and the proposed biosimilar product in terms of safety, purity and potency. The biosimilar sponsor may demonstrate that its product is biosimilar to the reference product on the basis of data from analytical studies, animal studies and one or more clinical studies to demonstrate safety, purity and potency in one or more appropriate conditions of use for which the reference product is approved. In addition, the sponsor must show that the biosimilar and reference products have the same mechanism of action for the conditions of use on the label, route of administration, dosage and strength, and the production facility must meet standards designed to assure product safety, purity and potency.
39

Table of Contents
For the FDA to approve a biosimilar product as interchangeable with a reference product, the agency must find not only that the product is biosimilar to the reference product but also that it can be expected to produce the same clinical results as the reference product such that the two products may be switched without increasing safety risks or risks of diminished efficacy relative to exclusive use of the reference biologic. Upon licensure by the FDA, an interchangeable biosimilar may be substituted for the reference product without the intervention of the health care provider who prescribed the reference product.  Following approval of the interchangeable biosimilar product, the FDA may not grant interchangeability status for any second biosimilar until one year after the first commercial marketing of the first interchangeable biosimilar product. In December 2022, Congress clarified through FDORA that FDA may approve multiple first interchangeable biosimilar biological products so long as the products are all approved on the first day on which such a product is approved as interchangeable with the reference product. 
A reference biological product is granted 12 years of exclusivity from the time of first licensure of the product, and the FDA will not accept an application for a biosimilar or interchangeable product based on the reference biological product until four years after the date of first licensure of the reference product. Even if a product is considered to be a reference product eligible for exclusivity, however, another company could market a competing version of that product if the FDA approves a full BLA for such product containing the sponsor’s own preclinical data and data from adequate and well controlled clinical trials to demonstrate the safety, purity, and potency of their product.  There have been recent government proposals to reduce the 12-year reference product exclusivity period, but none has been enacted to date.  At the same time, since passage of the BPCIA, many states have passed laws or amendments to laws, which address pharmacy practices involving biosimilar products.
Pediatric Exclusivity
Pediatric exclusivity is a type of non-patent marketing exclusivity in the United States and, if granted, provides for the attachment of an additional six months of exclusivity.  For drug products, the six-month exclusivity may be attached to the term of any existing patent or regulatory exclusivity, including the orphan exclusivity and regulatory exclusivities available under the Hatch-Waxman Act.  For biologic products, the six-month period may be attached to any existing regulatory exclusivities but not to any patent terms.  The conditions for pediatric exclusivity include the FDA’s determination that information relating to the use of a new product in the pediatric population may produce health benefits in that population, the FDA making a written request for pediatric clinical trials, and the sponsor agreeing to perform, and reporting on, the requested clinical trials within the statutory timeframe. This six-month exclusivity may be granted if an NDA sponsor submits pediatric data that fairly respond to a written request from the FDA for such data. The data do not need to show the product to be effective in the pediatric population studied; rather, if the clinical trial is deemed to fairly respond to the FDA’s request, the additional protection is granted. If reports of requested pediatric studies are submitted to and accepted by the FDA within the statutory time limits, whatever statutory or regulatory periods of exclusivity or patents that cover the product are extended by six months. Although this is not a patent term extension, it effectively extends the regulatory period during which the FDA cannot approve another application.  With regard to patents, the six-month pediatric exclusivity period will not attach to any patents for which an ANDA or 505(b)(2) sponsor submitted a paragraph IV patent certification, unless the NDA sponsor or patent owner first obtains a court determination that the patent is valid and infringed by the proposed product.
Patent Term Restoration and Extension
In the United States, a patent claiming a new product, its method of use or its method of manufacture may be eligible for a limited patent term extension under the Hatch Waxman Act, which permits a patent extension of up to five years for patent term lost during product development and FDA regulatory review. Assuming grant of the patent for which the extension is sought, the restoration period for a patent covering a product is typically one half the time between the effective date of the IND involving human beings and the submission date of the NDA or BLA, plus the time between the submission date of the application and the ultimate approval date. Patent term restoration cannot be used to extend the remaining term of a patent past a total of 14 years from the product’s approval date in the United States. Only one patent applicable to an approved product is eligible for the extension, and the application for the extension must be submitted prior to the expiration of the patent for which extension is sought. A patent that covers multiple products for which approval is sought can only be extended in connection with one of the approvals. The USPTO reviews and approves the application for any patent term extension in consultation with the FDA.
40

Table of Contents
Review and Approval of Medical Devices in the United States
Medical devices in the United States are strictly regulated by the FDA. Under the FDCA, a medical device is defined as an instrument, apparatus, implement, machine, contrivance, implant, 
in vitro
 reagent, or other similar or related article, including a component part, or accessory which is, among other things: intended for use in the diagnosis of disease or other conditions, or in the cure, mitigation, treatment, or prevention of disease, in man or other animals; or intended to affect the structure or any function of the body of man or other animals, and which does not achieve its primary intended purposes through chemical action within or on the body of man or other animals and which is not dependent upon being metabolized for the achievement of any of its primary intended purposes. This definition provides a clear distinction between a medical device and other FDA regulated products such as drugs. If the primary intended use of the product is achieved through chemical action or by being metabolized by the body, the product is usually a drug. If not, it is generally a medical device.
Unless an exemption applies, a new medical device may not be marketed in the United States unless and until it has been cleared through filing of a 510(k) premarket notification, or 510(k), or approved by the FDA pursuant to a PMA application. The information that must be submitted to the FDA in order to obtain clearance or approval to market a new medical device varies depending on how the medical device is classified by the FDA. Medical devices are classified into one of three classes on the basis of the controls deemed by the FDA to be necessary to reasonably ensure their safety and effectiveness.
Class I devices are low-risk devices for which reasonable assurance of safety and effectiveness can be provided by adherence to the FDA’s general controls for medical devices, which include applicable portions of the FDA’s Quality System Regulation, or QSR, facility registration and product listing, reporting of adverse medical events and malfunctions and appropriate, truthful and non-misleading labeling, advertising and promotional materials. Many Class I devices are exempt from premarket regulation; however, some Class I devices require premarket clearance by the FDA through the 510(k) premarket notification process.
Class II devices are moderate-risk devices and are subject to the FDA’s general controls, and any other special controls, such as performance standards, post-market surveillance, and FDA guidelines, deemed necessary by the FDA to provide reasonable assurance of the devices’ safety and effectiveness. Premarket review and clearance by the FDA for Class II devices are accomplished through the 510(k) premarket notification procedure, although some Class II devices are exempt from the 510(k) requirements. Premarket notifications are subject to user fees, unless a specific exemption applies.
Class III devices are deemed by the FDA to pose the greatest risk, such as those for which reasonable assurance of the device’s safety and effectiveness cannot be assured solely by the general controls and special controls described above and that are life-sustaining or life-supporting. A PMA application must provide valid scientific evidence, typically extensive preclinical and clinical trial data and information about the device and its components regarding, among other things, device design, manufacturing and labeling. PMA applications (and supplemental PMA applications) are subject to significantly higher user fees than are 510(k) premarket notifications.
510(k) Premarket Notification
To obtain 510(k) clearance, a manufacturer must submit a premarket notification demonstrating that the proposed device is “substantially equivalent” to a predicate device, which is a previously cleared 510(k) device or a pre-amendment device that was in commercial distribution before May 28, 1976, for which the FDA has not yet called for the submission of a PMA application. The FDA’s 510(k) clearance pathway usually takes from three to 12 months from the date the application is submitted and filed with the FDA, but it can take significantly longer and clearance is never assured. The FDA has issued guidance documents meant to expedite review of a 510(k) and facilitate interactions between the sponsor and the FDA. To demonstrate substantial equivalence, a manufacturer must show that the device has the same intended use as a predicate device and the same technological characteristics, or the same intended use and different technological characteristics and does not raise new questions of safety and effectiveness than the predicate device.
Most 510(k)s do not require clinical data for clearance, but the FDA may request such data.
41

Table of Contents
The FDA seeks to review and act on a 510(k) within 90 days of submission, but it may take longer if the agency finds that it requires more information to review the 510(k). If the FDA determines that the device is substantially equivalent to a predicate device, the subject device may be marketed. However, if the FDA concludes that a new device is not substantially equivalent to a predicate device, the new device will be classified in Class III and the manufacturer will be required to submit a PMA application to market the product. Devices of a new type that the FDA has not previously classified based on risk are automatically classified into Class III by operation of section 513(f)(1) of the FDCA, regardless of the level of risk they pose. To avoid requiring PMA review of low- to moderate-risk devices classified in Class III by operation of law, Congress enacted section 513(f)(2) of the FDCA. This provision allows the FDA to classify a low- to moderate-risk device not previously classified into Class I or II, a process known as the 
de novo
 process. A company may apply directly to the FDA for classification of its device as 
de novo 
or may submit a de novo petition within 30 days of receiving a not substantially equivalent determination.
Modifications to a 510(k)-cleared medical device may require the submission of another 510(k). Modifications to a 510(k)-cleared device frequently require the submission of a traditional 510(k), but modifications meeting certain conditions may be candidates for FDA review under a Special 510(k). If a device modification requires the submission of a 510(k), but the modification does not affect the intended use of the device or alter the fundamental technology of the device, then summary information that results from the design control process associated with the cleared device can serve as the basis for clearing the application. A Special 510(k) allows a manufacturer to declare conformance to design controls without providing new data. When the modification involves a change in material, the nature of the “new” material will determine whether a traditional or Special 510(k) is necessary.
Any modification to a 510(k)-cleared product that would constitute a major change in its intended use or any change that could significantly affect the safety or effectiveness of the device may, in some circumstances, requires the submission of a PMA application, if the change raises complex or novel scientific issues or the product has a new intended use. A manufacturer may be required to submit extensive pre-clinical and clinical data depending on the nature of the changes.
The FDA requires every manufacturer to make the determination regarding the need for a new 510(k) submission in the first instance, but the FDA may review any manufacturer’s decision. If the FDA disagrees with the manufacturer’s determination and requires new 510(k) clearances or PMA application approvals for modifications to previously cleared products for which the manufacturer concluded that new clearances or approvals are unnecessary, the manufacturer may be required to cease marketing or distribution of the products or to recall the modified product until it obtains clearance or approval, and the manufacturer may be subject to significant regulatory fines or penalties. In addition, the FDA is currently evaluating the 510(k) process and may make substantial changes to industry requirements.
Premarket Approval Application
The PMA application process for approval to market a medical device is more complex, costly, and time- consuming than the 510(k) clearance procedure. A PMA application must be supported by extensive data, including technical information regarding device design and development, preclinical studies, clinical trials, manufacturing and controls information and labeling information that demonstrate the safety and effectiveness of the device for its intended use. After a PMA application is submitted, the FDA has 45 days to determine whether it is sufficiently complete to permit a substantive review. If the PMA application is complete, the FDA will file the PMA application. If the FDA accepts the application for filing, the agency will begin an in-depth substantive review of the application. By statute, the FDA has 180 days to review the application although, generally, review of the application often takes between one and three years, and may take significantly longer. If the FDA has questions, it will likely issue a first major deficiency letter within 150 days of filing. It may also refer the PMA application to an FDA advisory panel for additional review, and will conduct a preapproval inspection of the manufacturing facility to ensure compliance with the QSR, either of which could extend the 180-day response target. In addition, the FDA may request additional information or request the performance of additional clinical trials in which case the PMA application approval may be delayed while the trials are conducted and the data acquired are submitted in an amendment to the PMA. Even with additional trials, the FDA may not approve the PMA application.
If the FDA’s evaluations of both the PMA application and the manufacturing facilities are favorable, the FDA will either issue an approval letter authorizing commercial marketing or an approvable letter that usually contains a number of conditions that must be met in order to secure final approval. If the FDA’s evaluations are not favorable, the FDA will deny approval of the PMA application or issue a not approvable letter. The PMA application process, including the 
42

Table of Contents
gathering of clinical and nonclinical data and the submission to and review by the FDA, can take several years, and the process can be expensive and uncertain. Moreover, even if the FDA approves a PMA application, the FDA may approve the device with an indication that is narrower or more limited than originally sought. The FDA can impose post-approval conditions that it believes necessary to ensure the safety and effectiveness of the device, including, among other things, restrictions on labeling, promotion, sale and distribution. After approval of a PMA application, a new PMA application or PMA application supplement may be required for a modification to the device, its labeling, or its manufacturing process. PMA application supplements often require submission of the same type of information as an initial PMA application, except that the supplement is limited to information needed to support any changes from the device covered by the approved PMA application and may or may not require as extensive technical or clinical data or the convening of an advisory panel. The time for review of a PMA application supplement may vary depending on the type of change, but it can be lengthy. In addition, in some cases the FDA might require additional clinical data.
PMA applications are subject to an application fee. For federal fiscal year 2025, the standard fee is $540,783 and the small business fee is $135,196.
Investigational Device Exemption
A clinical trial is typically required for a PMA application and, in a small percentage of cases, the FDA may require a clinical study in support of a 510(k) submission. A manufacturer that wishes to conduct a clinical study involving the device is subject to the FDA’s IDE regulation. The IDE regulation distinguishes between significant and non-significant risk device studies and the procedures for obtaining approval to begin the study differ accordingly. Also, some types of studies are exempt from the IDE regulations. A significant risk device presents a potential for serious risk to the health, safety, or welfare of a subject. Significant risk devices are devices that are substantially important in diagnosing, curing, mitigating, or treating disease or in preventing impairment to human health. Studies of devices that pose a significant risk require both FDA and an IRB approval prior to initiation of a clinical study. Non-significant risk devices are devices that do not pose a significant risk to the human subjects. A non-significant risk device study requires only IRB approval prior to initiation of a clinical study.
An IDE application must be supported by appropriate data, such as animal and laboratory testing results, showing that it is safe to test the device in humans and that the testing protocol is scientifically sound. An IDE application is considered approved 30 days after it has been received by the FDA, unless the FDA otherwise informs the sponsor prior to 30 calendar days from the date of receipt, that the IDE is approved, approved with conditions, or disapproved. The FDA typically grants IDE approval for a specified number of subjects to be enrolled at specified study centers. The clinical trial must be conducted in accordance with applicable regulations, including but not limited to the FDA’s IDE regulations and GCP. The investigators must obtain subject informed consent, rigorously follow the investigational plan and study protocol, control the disposition of investigational devices, and comply with all reporting and record keeping requirements. A clinical trial may be suspended or terminated by the FDA, the IRB or the sponsor at any time for various reasons, including a belief that the risks to the study participants outweigh the benefits of participation in the trial. Approval of an IDE does not bind the FDA to accept the results of the trial as sufficient to prove the product’s safety and efficacy, even if the trial meets its intended success criteria.
Post-Marketing Restrictions and Enforcement
After a device is placed on the market, numerous regulatory requirements apply. These include but are not limited to:
●
submitting and updating establishment registration and device listings with the FDA;
●
compliance with the QSR, which require manufacturers to follow stringent design, testing, control, documentation, record maintenance, including maintenance of complaint and related investigation files, and other quality assurance controls during the manufacturing process;
●
unannounced routine or for-cause device inspections by the FDA, which may include our suppliers’ facilities labeling regulations, which prohibit the promotion of products for uncleared or unapproved or “off-label” uses and impose other restrictions on labeling; and
43

Table of Contents
●
post-approval restrictions or conditions, including requirements to conduct post-market surveillance studies to establish continued safety data or tracking products through the chain of distribution to the patient level.
Under the FDA medical device reporting, or MDR, regulations, medical device manufacturers are required to report to the FDA information that a device has or may have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury or has malfunctioned in a way that would likely cause or contribute to death or serious injury if the malfunction of the device or a similar device of such manufacturer were to recur. The decision to file an MDR involves a judgment by the manufacturer. If the FDA disagrees with the manufacturer’s determination, the FDA can take enforcement action.
Additionally, the FDA has the authority to require the recall of commercialized products in the event of material deficiencies or defects in design or manufacture. The authority to require a recall must be based on an FDA finding that there is reasonable probability that the device would cause serious injury or death. Manufacturers may, under their own initiative, recall a product if any material deficiency in a device is found. The FDA requires that certain classifications of recalls be reported to the FDA within 10 working days after the recall is initiated.
The failure to comply with applicable regulatory requirements can result in enforcement action by the FDA, which may include any of the following sanctions:
●
untitled letters, warning letters, fines, injunctions or civil penalties;
●
recalls, detentions or seizures of products;
●
operating restrictions;
●
delays in the introduction of products into the market;
●
total or partial suspension of production;
●
delay or refusal of the FDA or other regulators to grant 510(k) clearance or PMA application approvals of new products;
●
withdrawals of 510(k) clearance or PMA application approvals; or
●
in the most serious cases, criminal prosecution.
To ensure compliance with regulatory requirements, medical device manufacturers are subject to market surveillance and periodic, pre-scheduled and unannounced inspections by the FDA, and these inspections may include the manufacturing facilities of subcontractors.
Review and Approval of Combination Products in the United States
●
A combination product is a product composed of any combination of a drug and a device; a biological product and a device; a drug and a biological product; or a drug, device, and a biological product.  Under FDA’s regulations, a combination product is defined to include: a product comprised of two or more regulated components that are physically, chemically, or otherwise combined or mixed and produced as a single entity (a “single-entity” combination product);
●
two or more separate products packaged together in a single package or as a unit and comprised of drug and device products, device and biological products, or biological and drug products (“co-packaged” combination product);
●
 a drug, device, or biological product packaged separately that according to its investigational plan or proposed labeling is intended for use only with an approved individually specified drug, device, or biological product (a “cross-labeled” combination product); or
44

Table of Contents
●
 any investigational drug, device, or biological product packaged separately that according to its proposed labeling is for use only with another individually specified investigational drug, device, or biological product where both are required to achieve the intended use, indication, or effect (a “cross-labeled” investigational combination product).
The FDA has established an Office of Combination Products to serve as a focal point for combination product issues and for medical product classification and assignment issues for agency staff and industry.  That office issues guidance and regulations to clarify the regulation of combination products, and is responsible for assigning products to an FDA center for premarket review and regulation where their classification or assignment is unclear or in dispute.  Combination products are assigned to an FDA center based on a determination of the “primary mode of action” or PMOA of the combination product.  The FDCA defines PMOA as “the single mode of action of a combination product that provides the most important therapeutic action of the combination product.” For example, if the PMOA of a device-biological combination product is attributable to the biological product, the FDA Division responsible for premarket review of that biological product would have primary jurisdiction for the combination product. One investigational application is generally sufficient for a combination product, but that application must include all information on the entire combination product. In most cases, the type of investigational application is that typically required by the lead center.  Thus, if the drug constituent part of a drug/device combination product provides the PMOA, the investigation would be under an IND.
Federal and State Data Privacy Laws
There are multiple privacy and data security laws that may impact our business activities, in the United States and in other countries where we conduct trials or where we may do business in the future.  These laws are evolving and may increase both our obligations and our regulatory risks in the future. In the health care industry generally, under the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, the HHS has issued regulations to protect the privacy and security of protected health information, or PHI, used or disclosed by covered entities including certain healthcare providers, health plans and healthcare clearinghouses. HIPAA also regulates standardization of data content, codes and formats used in healthcare transactions and standardization of identifiers for health plans and providers. HIPAA also imposes certain obligations on the business associates of covered entities that obtain protected health information in providing services to or on behalf of covered entities. HIPAA may apply to us in certain circumstances and may also apply to our business partners in ways that may impact our relationships with them.  Our clinical trials are regulated by the Common Rule, which also includes specific privacy-related provisions. In addition to federal privacy regulations, there are a number of state laws governing confidentiality and security of health information that may be applicable to our business. In addition to possible federal civil and criminal penalties for HIPAA violations, state attorneys general are authorized to file civil actions for damages or injunctions in federal courts to enforce HIPAA and seek attorney’s fees and costs associated with pursuing federal civil actions. In addition, state attorneys general (along with private plaintiffs) have brought civil actions seeking injunctions and damages resulting from alleged violations of HIPAA’s privacy and security rules. State attorneys general also have authority to enforce state privacy and security laws.  New laws and regulations governing privacy and security may be adopted in the future as well.
At the state level, California has enacted legislation that has been dubbed the first “GDPR-like” law in the United States. Known as the California Consumer Privacy Act, or CCPA, it creates new individual privacy rights for consumers (as that word is broadly defined in the law) and places increased privacy and security obligations on entities handling personal data of consumers or households. The CCPA went into effect on January 1, 2020 and requires covered companies to provide new disclosures to California consumers, provide such consumers new ways to opt-out of certain sales of personal information, and allow for a new cause of action for data breaches. In November 2020, California voters passed a ballot initiative for the California Privacy Rights Act, or the CPRA, which went into effect on January 1, 2023, and significantly expanded the CCPA to incorporate additional GDPR-like provisions including requiring that the use, retention, and sharing of personal information of California residents be reasonably necessary and proportionate to the purposes of collection or processing, granting additional protections for sensitive personal information, and requiring greater disclosures related to notice to residents regarding retention of information. The CPRA also created a new enforcement agency – the California Privacy Protection Agency – whose sole responsibility is to enforce the CPRA, which will further increase compliance risk. The provisions in the CPRA may apply to some of our business activities.
In addition to California, at least eighteen other states have passed comprehensive privacy laws similar to the CCPA and CPRA. These laws are either in effect or will go into effect sometime before the end of 2026. Like the CCPA and CPRA, these laws create obligations related to the processing of personal information, as well as special obligations 
45

Table of Contents
for the processing of “sensitive” data, which includes health data in some cases. Some of the provisions of these laws may apply to our business activities. There are also states that are strongly considering or have already passed comprehensive privacy laws during the 2024 legislative sessions that will go into effect in 2025 and beyond. Other states will be considering similar laws in the future, and Congress has also been debating passing a federal privacy law. There are also states that are specifically regulating health information that may affect our business. For example, the State of Washington passed the My Health My Data Act in 2023 which specifically regulated health information that is not otherwise regulated by the HIPAA rules, and the law also has a private right of action, which further increases the relevant compliance risk. Connecticut and Nevada have also passed similar laws regulating consumer health data, and more states are considering such legislation in 2024. These laws may impact our business activities, including our identification of research subjects, relationships with business partners and ultimately the marketing and distribution of our products.
Plaintiffs’ lawyers are also increasingly using privacy-related statutes at both the state and federal level to bring lawsuits against companies for their data-related practices. In particular, there have been a significant number of cases filed against companies for their use of pixels and other web trackers. These cases often allege violations of the California Invasion of Privacy Act and other state laws regulating wiretapping, as well as the federal Video Privacy Protection Act. 
Because of the breadth of these laws and the narrowness of the statutory exceptions and regulatory safe harbors available under such laws, it is possible that some of our current or future business activities, including certain clinical research, sales and marketing practices and the provision of certain items and services to our customers, could be subject to challenge under one or more of such privacy and data security laws. The heightening compliance environment and the need to build and maintain robust and secure systems to comply with different privacy compliance and/or reporting requirements in multiple jurisdictions could increase the possibility that a healthcare company may fail to comply fully with one or more of these requirements. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of the privacy or data security laws or regulations described above that are applicable to us, or any other laws that apply to us, we may be subject to penalties, including potentially significant criminal, civil and administrative penalties, damages, fines, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings, additional reporting requirements and/or oversight if we become subject to a consent decree or similar agreement to resolve allegations of non-compliance with these laws, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our results of operations. To the extent that any product candidates we may develop, once approved, are sold in a foreign country, we may be subject to similar foreign laws.
Review and Approval of Medical Products in the European Union
In order to market any product outside of the United States, a company must also comply with numerous and varying regulatory requirements of other countries and jurisdictions regarding quality, safety and efficacy and governing, among other things, clinical trials, marketing authorization, commercial sales and distribution of drug products. Whether or not it obtains FDA approval for a product, the company would need to obtain the necessary approvals by the comparable foreign regulatory authorities before it can commence clinical trials or marketing of the product in those countries or jurisdictions. The approval process ultimately varies between countries and jurisdictions and can involve additional product testing and additional administrative review periods. The time required to obtain approval in other countries and jurisdictions might differ from and be longer than that required to obtain FDA approval. Regulatory approval in one country or jurisdiction does not ensure regulatory approval in another, but a failure or delay in obtaining regulatory approval in one country or jurisdiction may negatively impact the regulatory process in others.
Non-clinical Studies
Non-clinical studies are performed to demonstrate the health or environmental safety of new chemical or biological substances. Non-clinical (pharmaco-toxicological) studies must be conducted in compliance with the principles of good laboratory practice (GLP) as set forth in EU Directive 2004/10/EC (unless otherwise justified for certain particular medicinal products – e.g., radio-pharmaceutical precursors for radio-labeling purposes). In particular, non-clinical studies, both 
in vitro
 and 
in vivo
, must be planned, performed, monitored, recorded, reported and archived in accordance with the GLP principles, which define a set of rules and criteria for a quality system for the organizational process and the conditions for non-clinical studies. These GLP standards reflect the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development requirements.
46

Table of Contents
Clinical Trial Approval
On January 31, 2022, the new Clinical Trials Regulation (EU) No 536/2014 became effective in the European Union and replaced the prior Clinical Trials Directive 2001/20/EC. The new regulation aims at simplifying and streamlining the authorization, conduct and transparency of clinical trials in the European Union. Under the new coordinated procedure for the approval of clinical trials, the sponsor of a clinical trial to be conducted in more than one Member State of the European Union, or EU Member State, will only be required to submit a single application for approval. The submission will be made through the Clinical Trials Information System, a new clinical trials portal overseen by the EMA and available to clinical trial sponsors, competent authorities of the EU Member States and the public.
Beyond streamlining the process, the new Regulation includes a single set of documents to be prepared and submitted for the application as well as simplified reporting procedures for clinical trial sponsors, and a harmonized procedure for the assessment of applications for clinical trials, which is divided in two parts. Part I is assessed by the competent authorities of all EU Member States in which an application for authorization of a clinical trial has been submitted (Member States concerned). Part II is assessed separately by each Member State concerned. Strict deadlines have been established for the assessment of clinical trial applications. The role of the relevant ethics committees in the assessment procedure will continue to be governed by the national law of the concerned EU Member State. However, overall related timelines will be defined by the Clinical Trials Regulation.
The Clinical Trials Regulation, or CTR, foresees a three-year transition period. The extent to which ongoing and new clinical trials will be governed by the Clinical Trials Regulation varies. Clinical trials for which an application was submitted (i) prior to January 31, 2022 under the Clinical Trials Directive, or (ii) between January 31, 2022 and January 31, 2023 and for which the sponsor has opted for the application of the Clinical Trials Directive remain governed by said Directive until January 31, 2025. After this date, all clinical trials (including those which are ongoing) will become subject to the provisions of the CTR.
Parties conducting certain clinical trials must, as in the United States, post clinical trial information in the European Union at the EudraCT website: https://eudract.ema.europa.eu.
Marketing Authorization
To obtain marketing approval of a drug under European Union regulatory systems, a sponsor must submit a marketing authorization application, or MA, either under a centralized or decentralized procedure.  The centralized procedure provides for the grant of a single marketing authorization by the European Commission that is valid for all European Union member states. The centralized procedure is compulsory for specific products, including for medicines produced by certain biotechnological processes, products designated as orphan medicinal products, advanced therapy products and products with a new active substance indicated for the treatment of certain diseases. For products with a new active substance indicated for the treatment of other diseases and products that are highly innovative or for which a centralized process is in the interest of patients, the centralized procedure may be optional.
Under the centralized procedure, the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use, or the CHMP, established at the European Medicines Agency, or EMA, is responsible for conducting the initial assessment of a drug. The CHMP is also responsible for several post-authorization and maintenance activities, such as the assessment of modifications or extensions to an existing marketing authorization. Under the centralized procedure in the European Union, the maximum timeframe for the evaluation of an MA is 210 days, excluding clock stops, when additional information or written or oral explanation is to be provided by the sponsor in response to questions of the CHMP. Accelerated evaluation might be granted by the CHMP in exceptional cases, when a medicinal product is of major interest from the point of view of public health and in particular from the viewpoint of therapeutic innovation. In this circumstance, the EMA ensures that the opinion of the CHMP is given within 150 days.
The decentralized procedure is available to sponsors who wish to market a product in various European Union member states where such product has not received marketing approval in any European Union member states before. The decentralized procedure provides for approval by one or more other, or concerned, member states of an assessment of an application performed by one member state designated by the sponsor, known as the reference member state. Under this procedure, a sponsor submits an application based on identical dossiers and related materials, including a draft summary of product characteristics, and draft labeling and package leaflet, to the reference member state and 
47

Table of Contents
concerned member states. The reference member state prepares a draft assessment report and drafts of the related materials within 210 days after receipt of a valid application. Within 90 days of receiving the reference member state’s assessment report and related materials, each concerned member state must decide whether to approve the assessment report and related materials.
If a member state cannot approve the assessment report and related materials on the grounds of potential serious risk to public health, the disputed points are subject to a dispute resolution mechanism and may eventually be referred to the European Commission, whose decision is binding on all member states.
Conditional Approval
In particular circumstances, European Union legislation (Article 14–a Regulation (EC) No 726/2004 (as amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/5 and Regulation (EC) No 507/2006 on Conditional Marketing Authorizations for Medicinal Products for Human Use) enables sponsors to obtain a conditional marketing authorization prior to obtaining the comprehensive clinical data required for an application for a full marketing authorization. Such conditional approvals may be granted for product candidates (including medicines designated as orphan medicinal products) if (1) the product candidate is intended for the treatment, prevention or medical diagnosis of seriously debilitating or life-threatening diseases; (2) the product candidate is intended to meet unmet medical needs of patients; (3)  a marketing authorization may be granted prior to submission of comprehensive clinical data provided that the benefit of the immediate availability on the market of the medicinal product concerned outweighs the risk inherent in the fact that additional data are still required; (4) the risk-benefit balance of the product candidate is positive, and (5) it is likely that the sponsor will be in a position to provide the required comprehensive clinical trial data. A conditional marketing authorization may contain specific obligations to be fulfilled by the marketing authorization holder, including obligations with respect to the completion of ongoing or new studies and with respect to the collection of pharmacovigilance data. Conditional marketing authorizations are valid for one year, and may be renewed annually, if the risk-benefit balance remains positive, and after an assessment of the need for additional or modified conditions or specific obligations. The timelines for the centralized procedure described above also apply with respect to the review by the CHMP of applications for a conditional marketing authorization, but applicants can also request EMA to conduct an accelerated assessment, for instance in cases of unmet medical needs.
Exceptional Circumstances
A MA may also be granted “under exceptional circumstances” under Article 14(8) of Regulation (EC) No 726/2004 when the applicant can show that it is unable to provide comprehensive data on the efficacy and safety under normal conditions of use even after the product has been authorized and subject to specific procedures being introduced. This may arise in particular when the intended indications are very rare and, in the present state of scientific knowledge, it is not possible to provide comprehensive information, or when generating data may be contrary to generally accepted ethical principles. This MA is close to the conditional MA as it is reserved to medicinal products to be approved for severe diseases or unmet medical needs and the applicant does not hold the complete data set legally required for the grant of a MA. However, unlike the conditional MA, the applicant does not have to provide the missing data and will never have to. Although the MA “under exceptional circumstances” is granted definitively, the risk-benefit balance of the medicinal product is reviewed annually and the MA is withdrawn in case the risk-benefit ratio is no longer favorable. Under these procedures, before granting the MA, the EMA or the competent authorities of the European Union Member States make an assessment of the risk-benefit balance of the product on the basis of scientific criteria concerning its quality, safety and efficacy.
Periods of Authorization and Renewals
A marketing authorization has an initial validity for five years in principle. The marketing authorization may be renewed after five years on the basis of a re-evaluation of the risk-benefit balance by the EMA or by the competent authority of the European Union Member State. To this end, the marketing authorization holder must provide the EMA or the competent authority with a consolidated version of the file in respect of quality, safety and efficacy, including all variations introduced since the marketing authorization was granted, at least six months before the marketing authorization ceases to be valid. The European Commission or the competent authorities of the European Union Member States may decide, on justified grounds relating to pharmacovigilance, to proceed with one further five-year period of marketing authorization. Once subsequently definitively renewed, the marketing authorization shall be valid for an unlimited period. Any authorization which is not followed by the actual placing of the medicinal product on the 
48

Table of Contents
European Union market (in case of centralized procedure) or on the market of the authorizing European Union Member State within three years after authorization ceases to be valid (the so-called sunset clause). 
Regulatory Requirements after a Marketing Authorization has been Obtained
In case an authorization for a medicinal product in the European Union is obtained, the holder of the marketing authorization is required to comply with a range of requirements applicable to the manufacturing, marketing, promotion and sale of medicinal products. These include:
●
Compliance with the European Union’s stringent pharmacovigilance or safety reporting rules must be ensured. These rules can impose post-authorization studies and additional monitoring obligations. 
●
The manufacturing of authorized medicinal products, for which a separate manufacturer’s license is mandatory, must also be conducted in strict compliance with the applicable European Union laws, regulations and guidance, including Directive 2001/83/EC, Directive 2003/94/EC, Regulation (EC) No 726/2004 and the European Commission Guidelines for Good Manufacturing Practice. These requirements include compliance with European Union cGMP standards when manufacturing medicinal products and active pharmaceutical ingredients, including the manufacture of active pharmaceutical ingredients outside of the European Union with the intention to import the active pharmaceutical ingredients into the European Union.
●
The marketing and promotion of authorized drugs, including industry-sponsored continuing medical education and advertising directed toward the prescribers of drugs and/or the general public, are strictly regulated in the European Union notably under Directive 2001/83EC, as amended, and European Union Member State laws.  Direct-to-consumer advertising of prescription medicines is prohibited across the European Union.
Regulatory Data Protection in the European Union
In the European Union, innovative medicinal products approved on the basis of a complete independent data package qualify for eight years of data exclusivity upon marketing authorization and an additional two years of market exclusivity pursuant to Directive 2001/83/EC. Regulation (EC) No 726/2004 repeats this entitlement for medicinal products authorized in accordance the centralized authorization procedure. Data exclusivity prevents sponsors for authorization of generics of these innovative products from referencing the innovator’s data to assess a generic (abridged) application for a period of eight years. During an additional two-year period of market exclusivity, a generic marketing authorization application can be submitted and authorized, and the innovator’s data may be referenced, but no generic medicinal product can be placed on the European Union market until the expiration of the market exclusivity. The overall ten-year period will be extended to a maximum of 11 years if, during the first eight years of those ten years, the marketing authorization holder obtains an authorization for one or more new therapeutic indications which, during the scientific evaluation prior to their authorization, are held to bring a significant clinical benefit in comparison with existing therapies. Even if a compound is considered to be a new chemical entity so that the innovator gains the prescribed period of data exclusivity, another company nevertheless could also market another version of the product if such company obtained marketing authorization based on an MA with a complete independent data package of pharmaceutical tests, preclinical tests and clinical trials.
In this context, it should be noted that the European Union pharmaceutical legislation is currently undergoing a complete review process, in the context of the Pharmaceutical Strategy for Europe initiative, launched by the European Commission in November 2020. The European Commission’s proposal for revision of several legislative instruments related to medicinal products was published in April 2023 and includes, among other things, provisions that would potentially reduce the duration of regulatory data protection. The European Parliament requested several amendments in April 2024. At this time, the proposed revisions remain to be agreed and adopted by the European Parliament and European Council and the proposals may therefore be substantially revised before adoption, which is not anticipated before early 2026. The revisions may, however, have a significant impact on the pharmaceutical industry in the long term, if and when adopted.
Pediatric Exclusivity
If a sponsor obtains a marketing authorization in all European Union Member States, or a marketing authorization granted in the centralized procedure by the European Commission, and the study results for the pediatric population are 
49

Table of Contents
included in the product information, even when negative, the medicine is then eligible for an additional six-month period of qualifying patent protection through extension of the term of the Supplementary Protection Certificate, or SPC, or alternatively a one year extension of the regulatory market exclusivity from ten to eleven years, as selected by the marketing authorization holder.
Patent Term Extensions
The European Union also provides for patent term extension through SPCs. The rules and requirements for obtaining a SPC are similar to those in the United States. An SPC may extend the term of a patent for up to five years after its originally scheduled expiration date and can provide up to a maximum of fifteen years of marketing exclusivity for a drug. In certain circumstances, these periods may be extended for six additional months if pediatric exclusivity is obtained. Although SPCs are available throughout the European Union, sponsors must apply on a country-by-country basis. Similar patent term extension rights exist in certain other foreign jurisdictions outside the European Union.
Reimbursement and Pricing of Prescription Pharmaceuticals
In the European Union, similar political, economic and regulatory developments to those in the United States may affect our ability to profitably commercialize our product candidates, if approved. In markets outside of the United States and the European Union, reimbursement and healthcare payment systems vary significantly by country and many countries have instituted price ceilings on specific products and therapies.  In many countries, including those of the European Union, the pricing of prescription pharmaceuticals is subject to governmental control and access. In these countries, pricing negotiations with governmental authorities can take considerable time after the receipt of marketing approval for a product. To obtain reimbursement or pricing approval in some countries, pharmaceutical firms may be required to conduct a clinical trial that compares the cost-effectiveness of the product to other available therapies.
Review and Approval of Medical Devices in the European Union
The European Union has adopted numerous directives and standards regulating, among other things, the design, manufacture, clinical trials, labeling, approval and adverse event reporting for medical devices. In the European Union, or the European Union, medical devices must comply with the Essential Requirements in Annex I to the currently applicable European Union Medical Devices Directive (Council Directive 93/42/EEC), or the Essential Requirements. Compliance with these requirements is a prerequisite to be able to affix the CE Mark of Conformity to medical devices, without which they cannot be marketed or sold in the European Economic Area, or EEA, comprised of the European Union member states plus Norway, Iceland, and Liechtenstein. 
To demonstrate compliance with the Essential Requirements a manufacturer must undergo a conformity assessment procedure, which varies according to the type of medical device and its classification. Except for low risk medical devices, where the manufacturer can issue a CE Declaration of Conformity based on a self-assessment of the conformity of its products with the Essential Requirements, a conformity assessment procedure requires the intervention of a third-party organization designated by competent authorities of a European Union country to conduct conformity assessments, or a Notified Body. Notified Bodies are independent testing houses, laboratories, or product certifiers typically based within the European Union and authorized by the European member states to perform the required conformity assessment tasks, such as quality system audits and device compliance testing. The Notified Body would typically audit and examine the product’s Technical File and the quality system for the manufacture, design and final inspection of the product before issuing a CE Certificate of Conformity demonstrating compliance with the relevant Essential Requirements.
Medical device manufacturers must carry out a clinical evaluation of their medical devices to demonstrate conformity with the relevant Essential Requirements. This clinical evaluation is part of the product’s Technical File. A clinical evaluation includes an assessment of whether a medical device’s performance is in accordance with its intended use, and that the known and foreseeable risks linked to the use of the device under normal conditions are minimized and acceptable when weighed against the benefits of its intended purpose. The clinical evaluation conducted by the manufacturer must also address any clinical claims, the adequacy of the device labeling and information (particularly claims, contraindications, precautions and warnings) and the suitability of related Instructions for Use. This assessment must be based on clinical data, which can be obtained from clinical studies conducted on the devices being assessed, scientific literature from similar devices whose equivalence with the assessed device can be demonstrated or both clinical studies and scientific literature.
50

Table of Contents
With respect to implantable devices or devices classified as Class III in the European Union, the manufacturer must conduct clinical studies to obtain the required clinical data, unless relying on existing clinical data from similar devices can be justified. As part of the conformity assessment process, depending on the type of devices, the Notified Body will review the manufacturer’s clinical evaluation process, assess the clinical evaluation data of a representative sample of the device’s subcategory or generic group, or assess all the clinical evaluation data, verify the manufacturer’s assessment of that data and assess the validity of the clinical evaluation report and the conclusions drawn by the manufacturer.
Even after a manufacturer receives a CE Certificate of Conformity enabling the CE mark to be placed on it products and the right to sell the products in the EEA countries, a Notified Body or a competent authority may require post-marketing studies of the products. Failure to comply with such requirements in a timely manner could result in the withdrawal of the CE Certificate of Conformity and the recall or withdrawal of the subject product from the European market.
A manufacturer must inform the Notified Body that carried out the conformity assessment of the medical devices of any planned substantial changes to the devices which could affect compliance with the Essential Requirements or the devices’ intended purpose. The Notified Body will then assess the changes and verify whether they affect the product’s conformity with the Essential Requirements or the conditions for the use of the devices. If the assessment is favorable, the Notified Body will issue a new CE Certificate of Conformity or an addendum to the existing CE Certificate of Conformity attesting compliance with the Essential Requirements. If it is not, the manufacturer may not be able to continue to market and sell the product in the EEA.
In the European Union, medical devices may be promoted only for the intended purpose for which the devices have been CE marked. Failure to comply with this requirement could lead to the imposition of penalties by the competent authorities of the European Union Member States. The penalties could include warnings, orders to discontinue the promotion of the medical device, seizure of the promotional materials and fines. Promotional materials must also comply with various laws and codes of conduct developed by medical device industry bodies in the European Union governing promotional claims, comparative advertising, advertising of medical devices reimbursed by the national health insurance systems and advertising to the general public.
Additionally, all manufacturers placing medical devices in the market in the European Union are legally bound to report any serious or potentially serious incidents involving devices they produce or sell to the competent authority in whose jurisdiction the incident occurred. In the European Union, manufacturers must comply with the European Union Medical Device Vigilance System. Under this system, incidents must be reported to the relevant authorities of the European Union countries, and manufacturers are required to take Field Safety Corrective Actions, or FSCAs, to reduce a risk of death or serious deterioration in the state of health associated with the use of a medical device that is already placed on the market. An incident is defined as any malfunction or deterioration in the characteristics and/or performance of a device, as well as any inadequacy in the labeling or the instructions for use which, directly or indirectly, might lead to or might have led to the death of a patient or user or of other persons or to a serious deterioration in their state of health. An FSCA may include the recall, modification, exchange, destruction or retrofitting of the device. FSCAs must be communicated by the manufacturer or its European Authorized Representative to its customers and to the end users of the device through Field Safety Notices. 
The legal framework currently applicable for medical devices in the European Union was amended by Medical Devices Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2017/745) adopted in 2017, which we refer to as the MDR and which repeals and replaces the European Union Medical Devices Directive. Unlike directives, which must be implemented into the national laws of the European Economic Area, or EEA, member states, the MDR is directly applicable (i.e., without the need for adoption of EEA member State laws implementing them) in all EEA member states and is intended to eliminate current differences in the regulation of medical devices among EEA member states. The MDR, among other things, is intended to establish a uniform, transparent, predictable and sustainable regulatory framework across the EEA for medical and ensure a high level of safety and health.
The MDR became applicable on May 26, 2021 and will, among other things:
●
strengthen the rules on placing devices on the market and reinforce surveillance once they are available;
51

Table of Contents
●
establish explicit provisions on manufacturers' responsibilities for the follow-up of the quality, performance and safety of devices placed on the market;
●
improve the traceability of medical devices throughout the supply chain to the end-user or patient through a unique identification number;
●
set up a central database to provide patients, healthcare professionals and the public with comprehensive information on products available in the European Union; and
●
strengthen rules for the assessment of certain high-risk devices, such as implants, which may have to undergo an additional check by experts before they are placed on the market.
Brexit and the Regulatory Framework in the United Kingdom
As of January 1, 2025, the Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency, or the MHRA, is responsible for approving all medicinal products destined for the U.K. market (Great Britain and Northern Ireland), and the EMA will no longer have any role in approving medicinal products destined for Northern Ireland. The MHRA relies on the Human Medicines Regulations 2012 (SI 2012/1916) (as amended), or the HMR, as the basis for regulating medicines. The HMR has incorporated into domestic law the body of EU law instruments governing medicinal products that pre-existed prior to the United Kingdom’s withdrawal from the European Union. 
As of January 1, 2024, a new international recognition procedure, or the IRP, applies which intends to facilitate approval of pharmaceutical products in the United Kingdom. The IRP is open to applicants that have already received an authorization for the same product from one of the MHRA’s specified Reference Regulators, or RRs. The RRs notably include EMA and regulators in the EEA member states for approvals in the European Union centralized procedure and mutual recognition procedure as well as the FDA (for product approvals granted in the United States).The RR assessment must have undergone a full and standalone review. RR assessments based on reliance or recognition cannot be used to support an IRP application. A CHMP positive opinion or an MRDC positive end of procedure outcome is an RR authorization for the purposes of IRP.
General Data Protection Regulation
Many countries outside of the United States maintain rigorous laws governing the privacy and security of personal information. The collection, use, disclosure, transfer, or other processing of personal data, including personal health data, regarding individuals who are located in the EEA, and the processing of personal data that takes place in the EEA, is subject to the GDPR, which became effective on May 25, 2018. The GDPR is wide-ranging in scope and imposes numerous requirements on companies that process personal data, and it imposes heightened requirements on companies that process health and other sensitive data, such as requiring in many situations that a company obtain the consent of the individuals to whom the sensitive personal data relate before processing such data. Examples of obligations imposed by the GDPR on companies processing personal data that fall within the scope of the GDPR include providing information to individuals regarding data processing activities, implementing safeguards to protect the security and confidentiality of personal data, appointing a data protection officer, providing notification of data breaches and taking certain measures when engaging third-party processors.
The GDPR also imposes strict rules on the transfer of personal data to countries outside the EEA, including the United States, and permits data protection authorities to impose large penalties for violations of the GDPR, including potential fines of up to €20 million or 4% of annual global revenues, whichever is greater. The GDPR also confers a private right of action on data subjects and consumer associations to lodge complaints with supervisory authorities, seek judicial remedies, and obtain compensation for damages resulting from violations of the GDPR. Compliance with the GDPR is a rigorous and time-intensive process that may increase the cost of doing business or require companies to change their business practices to ensure full compliance. In July 2020, the Court of Justice of the European Union, or the CJEU, invalidated the European Union-U.S. Privacy Shield framework, one of the mechanisms used to legitimize the transfer of personal data from the EEA to the United States.  The CJEU decision also drew into question the long-term viability of an alternative means of data transfer, the standard contractual clauses, for transfers of personal data from the EEA to the United States.  Following the withdrawal of the United Kingdom from the European Union, the UK Data Protection Act 2018 applies to the processing of personal data that takes place in the United Kingdom and includes parallel obligations to those set forth by GDPR.
52

Table of Contents
Additionally, in October 2022, President Biden signed an executive order to implement the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, which would serve as a replacement to the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield. The European Union initiated the process to adopt an adequacy decision for the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework in December 2022 and the European Commission adopted the adequacy decision on July 10, 2023. The adequacy decision will permit U.S. companies who self-certify to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework to rely on it as a valid data transfer mechanism for data transfers from the EU to the U.S. However, some privacy advocacy groups have already suggested that they will be challenging the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework. If these challenges are successful, they may not only impact the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, but also further limit the viability of the standard contractual clauses and other data transfer mechanisms.
Pharmaceutical Coverage, Pricing and Reimbursement
Significant uncertainty exists as to the coverage and reimbursement status of products approved by the FDA and other government authorities. Sales of products will depend, in part, on the extent to which the costs of the products will be covered by third-party payors, including government health programs in the United States such as Medicare and Medicaid, commercial health insurers and managed care organizations. The process for determining whether a payor will provide coverage for a product may be separate from the process for setting the price or reimbursement rate that the payor will pay for the product once coverage is approved. Third-party payors may limit coverage to specific products on an approved list, or formulary, which might not include all of the approved products for a particular indication. Additionally, the containment of healthcare costs has become a priority of federal and state governments, and the prices of drugs have been a focus in this effort. The U.S. government, state legislatures and foreign governments have shown significant interest in implementing cost-containment programs, including price controls, restrictions on reimbursement and requirements for substitution of generic products. Adoption of price controls and cost-containment measures, and adoption of more restrictive policies in jurisdictions with existing controls and measures, could further limit our net revenue and results.
In order to secure coverage and reimbursement for any product that might be approved for sale, a company may need to conduct expensive pharmacoeconomic studies in order to demonstrate the medical necessity and cost-effectiveness of the product, in addition to the costs required to obtain FDA or other comparable regulatory approvals. A payor’s decision to provide coverage for a product does not imply that an adequate reimbursement rate will be approved. Third-party reimbursement may not be sufficient to maintain price levels high enough to realize an appropriate return on investment in product development.
Section 1833(t)(6) of the Social Security Act provides for temporary additional payments or “transitional pass-through payments” for certain drugs and biological agents. As originally enacted by the Balanced Budget Refinement Act of 1999, this provision required Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, or CMS, to make additional payments to hospitals for current orphan drugs, as designated under section 526 of the FDCA; current drugs and biological agents and brachytherapy sources used for the treatment of cancer; and current radiopharmaceutical drugs and biological products. Transitional pass-through payments are also provided for certain new drugs, devices and biological agents that were not paid for as a hospital outpatient department service as of December 31, 1996, and whose cost is “not insignificant” in relation to the Outpatient Prospective Payment System, or OPPS, payment for the procedures or services associated with the new drug, device, or biological. Under the statute, transitional pass-through payments can be made for at least two years but not more than three years.
J-Codes are 
part of the Healthcare Common Procedure Coding System (HCPCS) Level II set of procedure codes. These codes are used by CMS and other managed care organizations to identify drugs that ordinarily cannot be self-administered by a patient.  Lacrimal ophthalmic inserts containing dexamethasone, such as DEXTENZA, have a specific and permanent J-Code, in case of DEXTENZA J1096, that allows for a simpler and more convenient reimbursement process versus miscellaneous J-codes.  Initially, DEXTENZA was payable in ASCs and HOPDs separately from ophthalmic surgery via the transitional pass-through status under the J1096 J-Code.  However, the pass-through status for J1096 ended on December 31, 2022.  In November 2022, as part of the annual CMS rule-making cycle, the CY 2023 OPPS rule was finalized and provided that DEXTENZA would qualify under the criteria established for non-opioid pain management drugs as a surgical supply provision.  This provision allowed for continued separate payment of DEXTENZA in the ASC setting for 2023 but did not require separate payment for DEXTENZA in the HOPD setting. In November 2023, the CY 2024 OPPS was finalized and confirmed that DEXTENZA would continue to be separately reimbursed in the ASC setting in 2024. The CY 2025 OPPS rule, which was released in November 2024, allows for 
53

Table of Contents
continued separate payment of DEXTENZA in the ASC setting, and it re-establishes the separate payment of DEXTENZA in the HOPD setting.
CPT codes are part of the HCPCS Level I set of procedure codes which consists of codes that are used to report medical services and procedures furnished by physicians.  These codes are also used by CMS and other managed care organizations.  Drug-eluting intracanalicular inserts, such as DEXTENZA, have a procedure-specific and permanent Category 1 CPT code, 68841, used to facilitate reimbursement for the administration of inserts into the canaliculus.  In 2024, the Medicare Physician Fee Schedule, or MPFS, for the insertion of DEXTENZA into the canaliculus was $31.43 in the ASCs and $37.33 in the physician’s office for unilateral insertion. In November 2024, the CY 2025 MPFS rule was finalized resulting in a marginal decrease in physician payments compared to 2024 to $31.38 in the ASCs and HOPDs and $36.88 in the physician’s office for unilateral insertion, due to a decrease in the conversion factor which CMS uses to translate the relative value units, or RVUs, of medical services into fee schedule payment amounts. Although the office based RVU for code 68841 was unchanged, the RVU code in the ASC and HOPD setting increased from 0.96 to 0.97. The CY 2025 MPFS final rule also includes finalized policies for the quality payment program, including the Merit-based Incentive Payment System, or MIPS. For eligible clinicians, CMS calculates the MIPS final score based on four performance categories, which is then used by CMS to determine the payment adjustment applied to the clinicians’ Medicare Part B claims, with clinicians that incur costs above or below national average spending being penalized or incentivized, respectively. Based on the CY 2025 MPFS final rule, the respective surgeon’s cost for DEXTENZA is included in the MIPS cost performance category for surgeons using DEXTENZA to treat post-surgical ocular inflammation and pain following cataract surgery effective January 1, 2025.
In the European Union, pricing and reimbursement schemes vary widely from country to country. Some countries provide that drug products may be marketed only after a reimbursement price has been agreed. Some countries may require the completion of additional studies that compare the cost-effectiveness of a particular product candidate to currently available therapies. For example, the European Union provides options for its member states to restrict the range of drug products for which their national health insurance systems provide reimbursement and to control the prices of medicinal products for human use. European Union member states may approve a specific price for a drug product or it may instead adopt a system of direct or indirect controls on the profitability of the company placing the drug product on the market. Other member states allow companies to fix their own prices for drug products, but monitor and control company profits. The downward pressure on health care costs in general, particularly prescription drugs, has become intense. As a result, increasingly high barriers are being erected to the entry of new products. In addition, in some countries, cross-border imports from low-priced markets exert competitive pressure that may reduce pricing within a country. Any country that has price controls or reimbursement limitations for drug products may not allow favorable reimbursement and pricing arrangements.
Healthcare Law and Regulation
Healthcare providers, physicians and third-party payors play a primary role in the recommendation and prescription of drug products that are granted marketing approval. Arrangements with providers, consultants, third-party payors and customers are subject to broadly applicable fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations. Such restrictions under applicable federal and state healthcare laws and regulations, include the following:
●
the federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits, among other things, persons from knowingly and willfully soliciting, offering, receiving or providing remuneration, directly or indirectly, in cash or in kind, to induce or reward either the referral of an individual for, or the purchase, order or recommendation of, any good or service, for which payment may be made, in whole or in part, under a federal healthcare program such as Medicare and Medicaid;
●
the federal False Claims Act imposes civil penalties, and provides for civil whistleblower or qui tam actions, against individuals or entities for knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, to the federal government, claims for payment that are false or fraudulent or making a false statement to avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation to pay money to the federal government;
●
the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, imposes criminal and civil liability for executing a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program or making false statements relating to healthcare matters;
54

Table of Contents
●
HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act and its implementing regulations, including the Final Omnibus Rule published in January 2013, also imposes obligations, including mandatory contractual terms, with respect to safeguarding the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information;
●
the federal false statements statute prohibits knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making any materially false statement in connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits, items or services;
●
the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or FCPA, which prohibits companies and their intermediaries from making, or offering or promising to make improper payments to non-U.S. officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business or otherwise seeking favorable treatment;
●
the federal transparency requirements under the ACA, known as the federal Physician Payments Sunshine Act, will require certain manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies to report to CMS within the HHS information related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians, other healthcare providers and teaching hospitals and physician ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members; and
●
analogous state and foreign laws and regulations, such as state anti-kickback and false claims laws, may apply to sales or marketing arrangements and claims involving healthcare items or services reimbursed by non-governmental third-party payors, including private insurers.
Violations of these laws are punishable by criminal and/or civil sanctions, including, in some instances, exclusion from participation in federal and state health care programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid.  Ensuring compliance is time consuming and costly.  Similar healthcare laws and regulations exist in the European Union and other jurisdictions, including reporting requirements detailing interactions with and payments to healthcare providers and laws governing the privacy and security of personal information.
Some state laws require pharmaceutical companies to comply with the pharmaceutical industry’s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the federal government in addition to requiring drug manufacturers to report information related to payments to physicians and other health care providers or marketing expenditures. State and foreign laws also govern the privacy and security of health information in some circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and often are not preempted by HIPAA, thus complicating compliance efforts.
Healthcare Reform
A primary trend in the U.S. healthcare industry and elsewhere is cost containment. There have been a number of federal and state proposals during the last few years regarding the pricing of drug and biologic products, limiting coverage and reimbursement for medical products and other changes to the healthcare system in the United States.
In March 2010, the United States Congress enacted the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, or collectively the PPACA, which, among other things, includes changes to the coverage and payment for pharmaceutical products under government healthcare programs. Other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted since the PPACA was enacted. In August 2011, the Budget Control Act of 2011, among other things, created measures for spending reductions by Congress. A Joint Select Committee on Deficit Reduction, tasked with recommending a targeted deficit reduction of at least $1.2 trillion for the years 2013 through 2021, was unable to reach required goals, thereby triggering the legislation’s automatic reduction to several government programs. These changes included aggregate reductions to Medicare payments to providers of up to 2% per fiscal year, which went into effect in April 2013 and will remain in effect through 2031.
Since enactment of the PPACA, there have been, and continue to be, numerous legal challenges and Congressional actions to repeal and replace provisions of the law. For example, with enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, or the Tax Act, which was signed by President Trump on December 22, 2017, Congress repealed the “individual mandate.” The repeal of this provision, which requires most Americans to carry a minimal level of health insurance, became effective in 2019.  On December 14, 2018, a U.S. District Court judge in the Northern District of Texas ruled 
55

Table of Contents
that the individual mandate portion of the PPACA is an essential and inseverable feature of the PPACA, and therefore because the mandate was repealed as part of the Tax Act, the remaining provisions of the PPACA are invalid as well.
The U.S. Supreme Court heard this case on November 10, 2020 and, on June 17, 2021, dismissed this action after finding that the plaintiffs do not have standing to challenge the constitutionality of the ACA. Litigation and legislation over the PPACA are likely to continue, with unpredictable and uncertain results.
Pharmaceutical Prices
The prices of prescription pharmaceuticals have also been the subject of considerable discussion in the United States. There have been several recent U.S. congressional inquiries, as well as proposed and enacted state and federal legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to pharmaceutical pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, and reduce the costs of pharmaceuticals under Medicare and Medicaid
In addition, in October 2020, HHS and the FDA published a final rule allowing states and other entities to develop a Section 804 Importation Program, or SIP, to import certain prescription drugs from Canada into the United States. Seven states (Colorado, Florida, Maine, New Hampshire, New Mexico, Texas and Vermont) have passed laws allowing for the importation of products from Canada. North Dakota  and Virginia 
 have passed legislation establishing workgroups to examine the impact of a state importation program. As of May 2024, five states (Colorado, Florida, Maine, New Hampshire and New Mexico) had submitted Section 804 Importation Program proposals to the FDA.  On January 5, 2023, the FDA approved Florida’s plan for Canadian product importation. That state now has authority to import certain products from Canada for a period of two years once 
certain conditions are met. Florida will first need to submit a pre-import request for each product selected for importation, which must be approved by the FDA. The state will also need to relabel the products and perform quality testing of the products to meet FDA standards.
Further, on November 20, 2020, HHS finalized a regulation removing safe harbor protection for price reductions from pharmaceutical manufacturers to plan sponsors under Part D, either directly or through pharmacy benefit managers, unless the price reduction is required by law. The final rule would eliminate the current safe harbor for Medicare drug rebates and create new safe harbors for beneficiary point-of-sale discounts and pharmacy benefit manager, or PBM, service fees. It originally was set to go into effect on January 1, 2022, but with passage of the Inflation Reduction Act, or IRA, has been delayed by Congress to January 1, 2032. 
More recently, on August 16, 2022, the IRA was signed into law by President Biden.  The new legislation has implications for Medicare Part D, which is a program available to individuals who are entitled to Medicare Part A or enrolled in Medicare Part B to give them the option of paying a monthly premium for outpatient prescription drug coverage. Among other things, the IRA requires manufacturers of certain drugs to engage in price negotiations with Medicare (beginning in 2026), with prices that can be negotiated subject to a cap; imposes rebates under Medicare Part B and Medicare Part D to penalize price increases that outpace inflation (first due in 2023); and replaces the Part D coverage gap discount program with a new discounting program (beginning in 2025).  The IRA permits the Secretary of the HHS to implement many of these provisions through guidance, as opposed to regulation, for the initial years.
Specifically, with respect to price negotiations, Congress authorized Medicare to negotiate lower prices for certain costly single-source drug and biologic products that do not have competing generics or biosimilars and are reimbursed under Medicare Part B and Part D.  CMS may negotiate prices for ten high-cost drugs paid for by Medicare Part D starting in 2026, followed by 15 Part D drugs in 2027, 15 Part B or Part D drugs in 2028, and 20 Part B or Part D drugs in 2029 and beyond.  This provision applies to drug products that have been approved for at least 9 years and biologics that have been licensed for 13 years, but it does not apply to drugs and biologics that have been approved for a single rare disease or condition.  Further, the legislation subjects drug manufacturers to civil monetary penalties and a potential excise tax for failing to comply with the legislation by offering a price that is not equal to or less than the negotiated “maximum fair price” under the law or for taking price increases that exceed inflation. The legislation also requires manufacturers to pay rebates for drugs in Medicare Part D whose price increases exceed inflation. The new law also caps Medicare out-of-pocket drug costs at an estimated $4,000 a year in 2024 and, thereafter beginning in 2025, at $2,000 a year.
The first cycle of negotiations for the Medicare Drug Price Negotiation Program commenced in the summer of 2023. On August 15, 2024, the HHS published the results of the first Medicare drug price negotiations for ten selected 
56

Table of Contents
drugs that treat a range of conditions, including diabetes, chronic kidney disease, and rheumatoid arthritis. The prices of these ten drugs will become effective January 1, 2026.  On January 17, 2025, CMS announced its selection of 15 additional drugs covered by Part D for the second cycle of negotiations by February 1, 2025.  While there had been some questions about the Trump Administration’s position on this program, CMS issued a public statement on January 29, 2025, declaring that lowering the cost of prescription drugs is a top priority of the new administration and CMS is committed to considering opportunities to bring greater transparency in the negotiation program.  The second cycle of negotiations with participating drug companies will occur during 2025, and any negotiated prices for this second set of drugs will be effective starting January 1, 2027.
In June 2023, Merck & Co. filed a lawsuit against HHS and CMS asserting that, among other things, the IRA’s Drug Price Negotiation Program for Medicare constitutes an uncompensated taking in violation of the Fifth Amendment of the Constitution. Subsequently, a number of other parties, including the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, Bristol Myers Squibb Company, PhRMA, Astellas, Novo Nordisk, Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Novartis, AstraZeneca and Boehringer Ingelheim, also filed lawsuits in various courts with similar constitutional claims against HHS and CMS. HHS has generally won the substantive disputes in these cases, and various federal district court judges have expressed skepticism regarding the merits of the legal arguments being pursued by the pharmaceutical industry. Certain of these cases are now on appeal and, on October 30, 2024, the Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit heard oral argument in three of these cases. Litigation involving these and other provisions of the IRA will continue with unpredictable and uncertain results.
At the state level, individual states are increasingly aggressive in passing legislation and implementing regulations designed to control pharmaceutical and biological product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing.  A number of states, for example, require drug manufacturers and other entities in the drug supply chain, including health carriers, pharmacy benefit managers, wholesale distributors, to disclose information about pricing of pharmaceuticals. This is increasingly true with respect to products approved pursuant to the accelerated approval pathway. State Medicaid programs and other payers are developing strategies and implementing significant coverage barriers, or refusing to cover these products outright, arguing that accelerated approval drugs have insufficient or limited evidence despite meeting the FDA’s standards for accelerated approval.
In addition, regional healthcare organizations and individual hospitals are increasingly using bidding procedures to determine what pharmaceutical products and which suppliers will be included in their prescription pharmaceutical and other healthcare programs. These measures could reduce the ultimate demand for our products, once approved, or put pressure on our product pricing. We expect that additional state and federal healthcare reform measures will be adopted in the future, any of which could limit the amounts that federal and state governments will pay for healthcare products and services, which could result in reduced demand for our product candidates or additional pricing pressures.
Human Capital
As of December 31, 2024, we had 274 full-time employees. The following table provides an overview of the distribution of those employees:
​
Department
Headcount 
Research & Development
118
Sales & Marketing
93
Manufacturing
12
General & Administrative
51
Total Employees
274
​
The development, attraction and retention of employees is a critical success factor for us for the execution of our business strategy and succession planning. To support the advancement of our employees, we offer training and development programs encouraging advancement from within and continue to fill our team with strong and experienced 
57

Table of Contents
management talent. We leverage both formal and informal programs to identify, foster, and retain top talent at both the corporate and operating unit level.
We provide employee wages and benefits that we believe are competitive and consistent with the employee positions, skill levels, experience, knowledge and geographic location.  None of our employees are represented by labor unions or covered by collective bargaining agreements. We value the health, safety and wellbeing of our employees and their families, and we consider our relationship with our employees to be good.
Our Corporate Information
We were incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware in 2006. Our principal executive offices are located at 15 Crosby Drive, Bedford, MA 01730, and our telephone number is (781) 357-4000. Our manufacturing is located at 36 Crosby Drive, Suite 101, Bedford, MA 01730 and our research and development operations are located at 15 Crosby Drive, Bedford, MA 01730. Our website address is www.ocutx.com.
Available Information
We make available free of charge through our website our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. We make these reports available through our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such reports with, or furnish such reports to, the SEC. We also make available, free of charge on our website, the reports filed with the SEC by our executive officers, directors and 10% stockholders pursuant to Section 16 under the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after copies of those filings are provided to us by those persons. The information contained on, or that can be access through, our website is not a part of or incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
​