Item 1A. Risk Factors.”
Governance
Given the Company’s status as a pawn store operator and payment solutions company entrusted with the safeguarding of sensitive customer information, the Board believes that a strong enterprise cybersecurity program is vital to the Company’s overall enterprise risk management. The Board is responsible for overseeing and monitoring the material risks facing the Company. 
The Board has tasked the Audit Committee of the Board with leading the Company’s cyber and technology risk mitigation efforts.

As part of its oversight responsibilities, the Audit Committee is responsible for discussing with management the Company’s major risk exposures, related to cybersecurity and technology, and the steps management has taken to monitor and control those exposures, including the Company’s risk assessment and risk management policies. The Audit Committee also monitors the Company’s compliance with legal and regulatory requirements and the risks associated therewith. On a regular basis, the Audit Committee reviews with senior management significant areas of risk exposure involving cybersecurity.
At the direction of the Audit Committee, the 
CIO and SIRT
 monitor internal and external cybersecurity threats and review and revise the Company’s cybersecurity defenses on an ongoing basis.

The Company’s CIO, together with other members of the SIRT, bring a wealth of expertise to their respective roles, including expertise in security technologies; designing and implementing security strategies; security standards such as NIST, ISO, COBIT and ITIL; and risk management and incident response.

The CIO prepares reports on IT general controls and cybersecurity metrics for the Audit Committee on a regular basis, and the CIO presents those reports to the Audit Committee and addresses any questions and concerns raised by the Audit Committee. At least annually, the Audit Committee meets with the CIO in person to discuss cybersecurity in greater detail. 
The Audit Committee reports to the Board regarding cybersecurity matters, and the Board addresses cybersecurity issues either directly with management or through the Audit Committee.