UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 
10-K

(Mark One)

☒

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended 
September 30
,

2024

or

☐

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the transition period from _________ to
_________

001-39341

Commission file number

Nukkleus Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware

38-3912845

(State or other jurisdiction of

incorporation or organization)

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

575 Fifth Ave, 14
th
 Floor
, 
New York
, 
New York

10017

(Address of principal executive offices)

(Zip Code)

212
-
791-4663

Registrant’s telephone number, including area code

Brilliant Acquisition
Corporation

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class

Trading Symbol(s)

Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share

NUKK

The 
Nasdaq
 Stock Market LLC

Warrants, each warrant exercisable for one Share of Common Stock
for $92.00 per share

NUKKW

The 
Nasdaq
 Stock Market LLC

Securities registered under Section 12(g) of
the Exchange Act: None

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer,
as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
☐

No

☒

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
☐

No

☒

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for
such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the
past 90 days. 
☐
 Yes 
☒

No

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T
(§ 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to
submit such fi les). ☒ 
Yes

☐ 
No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer”, “smaller reporting company”
and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer

☐

Accelerated filer

☐

Non-accelerated filer

☒

Smaller reporting company

☒

Emerging growth company

☒

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act 
☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 
☐

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
☐

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements
that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant’s executive officers during
the relevant recovery period pursuant to §240.10D-1(b). 
☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 
☐
 No 
☒

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity
held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately $
71,326,000
 as of January 23, 2025, based upon the closing stock price $28.50
per share reported for such date.

State the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer’s
classes of common equity, as of the latest practicable date.

Class

Outstanding February 10, 2025

Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share

4,790,431
 shares 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This report contains forward-looking statements
that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Although our forward-looking statements reflect the good faith judgment of our management,
these statements can be based only on facts and factors of which we are currently aware. Consequently, forward-looking statements are
inherently subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results and outcomes may differ materially from results and outcomes discussed in
the forward-looking statements.

Forward-looking statements can be identified by
the use of forward-looking words such as “may,” “will,” “should,” “anticipate,” “believe,”
“expect,” “plan,” “future,” “intend,” “could,” “estimate,” “predict,”
“hope,” “potential,” “continue,” or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions. These
statements include, but are not limited to, statements under the captions “Risk Factors,” “Management’s Discussion
and Analysis or Plan of Operation” and “Description of Business,” as well as other sections in this report. Such forward-looking
statements are based on our management’s current plans and expectations and are subject to risks, uncertainties and changes in plans
that may cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. You should be aware that,
as a result of any of these factors materializing, the trading price of our common stock may decline. These factors include, but are not
limited to, the following:

●
the availability and adequacy of capital to support and grow our business;

●
economic, competitive, business and other conditions in our local and regional markets;

●
actions taken or not taken by others, including competitors, as well as legislative, regulatory, judicial and other governmental authorities;

●
competition in our industry;

●
changes in our business and growth strategy, capital improvements or development plans;

●
the availability of additional capital to support development; and

●
other factors discussed elsewhere in this annual report.

The cautionary statements made in this annual report are intended to
be applicable to all related forward-looking statements wherever they may appear in this report.

We urge you not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements,
which speak only as of the date of this report. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward looking-statements, whether
as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.

All references in this Form 10-K that refer to the “Company”,
“Nukkleus”, “we,” “us” or “our” refer to Nukkleus Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item 1.

Business

1

Item 1A.

Risk Factors

11

Item 1B.

Unresolved Staff Comments

41

Item 1C.

Cybersecurity

41

Item 2.

Properties

41

Item 3.

Legal Proceedings

41

Item 4.

Mine Safety Disclosures

41

Item 5.

Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

42

Item 6.

[Reserved]

44

Item 7.

Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

45

Item 7A.

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

60

Item 8.

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

F-1

Item 9.

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure

61

Item 9A.

Controls and Procedures

61

Item 9B.

Other Information

62

Item 9C.

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections.

62

Item 10.

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance

63

Item 11.

Executive Compensation

66

Item 12.

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters

69

Item 13.

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence

70

Item 14.

Principal Accounting Fees and Services

76

Item 15.

Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules

77

SIGNATURES

79

i

PART I

Item 1. Business.

Nukkleus
Inc. (formerly known as, Brilliant Acquisition Corporation) (the “Company” or “Nukkleus”) was formed on May
24, 2019. The Company was formed for the purpose of acquiring, engaging in a share exchange, share reconstruction and amalgamation
with, purchasing all or substantially all of the assets of, entering into contractual arrangements with, or engaging in any other
similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities. On June 23, 2023, Brilliant Acquisition Corporation, a British
Virgin Islands company (prior to the Merger “Brilliant”, and following the Merger, a Delaware corporation
“Nukkleus”), entered into an Amended and Restated Agreement and Plan of Merger (as amended by the First Amendment to the
Amended and Restated Agreement and Plan of Merger on November 1, 2023, the “Merger Agreement”), by and among Brilliant
BRIL Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of Brilliant (“Merger Sub”), and Nukkleus
Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Old Nukk”). Old Nukk (f/k/a Compliance & Risk Management Solutions Inc.) was formed
on July 29, 2013 in the State of Delaware as a for-profit Company and established a fiscal year end of September 30.

The Merger Agreement provided
that, among other things, at the closing (the “Closing”) of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, Merger
Sub merged with and into Old Nukk (the “Merger”), with Old Nukk surviving as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Brilliant. In connection
with the Merger, Brilliant changed its name to “Nukkleus Inc.” (“Nukkleus” or “Combined Company”).
The Merger and other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement are hereinafter referred to as the “Business Combination.”

In connection with the Business
Combination, Brilliant changed its name to “Nukkleus Inc.” The Business Combination was completed on December 22, 2023.

Overview

As a result of Business Combination,
we had become a financial technology company with the aim of providing blockchain-enabled technology solutions. Since the Business Combination,
we have operated in the technology business as a full-service transactions technology and advisory business providing end-to-end transactions
technology solutions. We offer an advanced transactions platform for dealing and risk management with global liquidity and customizable
leverage, where users have control over quote and liquidity strategies.

On December 15, 2024, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase
Agreement and Call Option between Nukkleus Inc., Star 26 Capital Inc. (“Star”), the shareholders of Star 26 Capital
Inc. (“Star Equity Holders”) and Menachem Shalom, the representative of such shareholders (the “Star Agreement”)
to acquire a controlling 51% interest in Star, a defense acquisition company.

Historically, the Company,
through its wholly owned subsidiary, provided software and technology solutions for the worldwide retail foreign exchange trading industry.
The Company’s primary customer was Triton Capital Markets Ltd. (“TCM”) (formerly known as FXDD Malta Limited). Emil
Assentato, the former CEO and a former director of the Company, is also the majority member of Max Q Investments LLC (“Max Q”),
which is managed by Derivative Marketing Associates Inc. (“DMA”). Mr. Assentato is the sole owner and manager of DMA. Max
Q owns 79% of Currency Mountain Malta LLC, which in turn is the sole shareholder of TCM. In order to define the services rendered to TCM,
Nukkleus Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a General Services Agreement (“GSA”) with TCM in
May 2016. The GSA provides that TCM will pay Nukkleus Limited a minimum of $1,600,000 per month. Due to non-payment by TCM under the GSA,
the Company has advised TCM that the GSA has been terminated. The Company has historically generated substantially most of its revenue
through the services rendered under the GSA. On September 30, 2024, the Company, TCM and FXDirectDealer LLC (“FXDD”) entered
into a Release Agreement pursuant to which the parties confirmed that the GSA between the Company and TCM and the General Services Agreement
dated May 24, 2016, as amended (“FXDD GSA”) between the Company and FXDD were terminated effective January 1, 2024. The parties
further confirmed that there are no obligations or liabilities outstanding or owed between the parties as of September 30, 2024 and each
party released and forever discharged the other party from any and all claims, demands, damages, actions, causes of action, or suits of
any kind or nature whatsoever, both known and unknown, which have arisen or may arise from the GSA or the FXDD GSA

The Company has historically operated its blockchain payment solutions
through Digital RFQ Limited (“DRFQ”), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Match Financial Ltd (“Match”), a wholly
owned subsidiary of the Company. On November 8, 2024, the Company entered into a Settlement Agreement and Release with Jamal Khurshid
and Match providing that Match agreed to sell DRFQ, to Mr. Khurshid or his nominee subject to the Company obtaining shareholder approval
(the “Settlement Agreement”). As required by the Settlement Agreement, the Company, Match and Mr. Khurshid entered into a
Share Purchase Agreement dated December 27, 2024 providing that the Company, subject to it obtaining shareholder approval,
will sell DRFQ to Mr. Khurshid in consideration of £1,000. The Company believes the sale of DRFQ is in the best interest of the
Company due to continuing net loss generated by DRFQ.

As a result of the above transaction
and subject to the closing of the acquisition of Star and the sale of DRFQ, the Company’s business will be focused on the defense
sector.

Recent Developments

X Group – June 2024

On June 11, 2024 (the “Effective
Date”), the Company issued a Senior Unsecured Promissory Note (the “X Group Note 1”) in the principal amount of $312,500
to X Group Fund of Funds, a Michigan limited partnership (“X Group”) in consideration of cash proceeds in the amount of $250,000.
As an additional inducement to provide the X Group Note 1, the Company issued X Group a Stock Purchase Warrant (“X Group Warrant
1”) to acquire 150,000 shares of common stock at a per share price of $2.00 for a term of five years that may be exercised on a
cash or cashless basis. X Group was initially convertible at a per share conversion price of $2.00. The number of shares and exercise
prices for the X Group Note and X Group Warrant 1 reflect the October 2024 reverse stock split.

1

The Company and X Group also entered into a Restructuring Agreement
providing that, among other items, X Group, in its sole discretion, will have the right for a period for six months from the Effective
Date (the “Investment Period”), to lend the Company an additional $500,000 in consideration of a convertible promissory note
that will have a term of two years, bear interest at 12% and will convert into shares of common stock at a per share price of $2.00. During
the Investment Period, the Company may not incur additional debt or enter into any equity financing arrangement without the written consent
of the X Group.

In order to induce X Group to provide the loan contemplated pursuant
to the Note, Emil Assentato, a former director and executive officer of the Company, entered into a Voting Agreement with the Company
and X Group agreeing to vote his shares in support of any transaction provided by X Group. The Company and X Group have agreed that 100%
of all loan balances including loans payable to Emil Assentato by the Company will be recorded on the books of the Company as a bona fide
debt of the Company, of which 30% of such debt will be paid within nine (9) months of the Effective Date and the balance to be repaid
within twenty-four (24) months of the Effective Date.

On September 10, 2024, the Company issued an additional Senior Unsecured
Promissory Note (the “X Group Note 2”) in the principal amount of $125,000 to X Group in consideration of cash proceeds in
the amount of $100,000, which was funded on September 4, 2024.

On November 8, 2024, the Company entered into a Conversion Agreement
(the “Conversion Agreement”) with X Group to convert outstanding principal and interest totaling of $771,085 payable under the
X Group Note 1 and the X Group Note 2 (the “X Group Debt”) into shares of common stock of the Company. Pursuant to the Conversion
Agreement, the Company issued 385,542 shares of its common stock and an additional warrant to purchase 351,424 shares of common stock
exercisable for a period of five years at an exercise price of $2.00 per share (“X Group Warrant 2”) in exchange for the cancellation
of the X Group Debt. Further, the Company and X Group entered into a letter agreement providing that X Group may not exercise the X Group
Warrant 1 in the event such exercise would result in X Group holding in excess of 19.9% of the Company’s outstanding shares of common
stock as of November 8, 2024. On November 14, 2024, the Company and X Group entered into a letter agreement pursuant to which it amended
the terms of the Conversion Agreement and the X Group Warrant 2 issued in connection with the Conversion Agreement. Pursuant to the letter
agreement, the shares of common stock to be issued under the Conversion Agreement were amended to be 319,952 shares of common stock of
the Company and the exercise price of the X Group Warrant 2 was amended to be $2.41.

East Asia

On
August 1, 2024, the Company issued a Senior Unsecured Promissory Note (the “East Asia Note”) in the principal amount of $515,000
to East Asia Technology Investments Limited (“East Asia”) in consideration of cash proceeds in the amount of $412,075. The
East Asia Note bears interest of 12.0% per annum and is due and payable six months after issuance. As an additional inducement to provide
the loan as outlined under East Asia Note, the Company issued East Asia a Stock Purchase Warrant (“East Asia Warrant”) to
acquire 175,000 shares of common stock at a per share price of $2.00 for a term of five years that may be exercised on a cash or cashless
basis. East Asia shall have the right to convert the principal and interest payable under the East Asia Note into shares of common stock
of the Company at a per share conversion price of $2.00. The number of shares and exercise prices for the East Asia Note and East
Asia Warrant reflect the October 2024 reverse stock split.

Reverse Split 

The Board of Directors (the “Board”) of the Company unanimously
approved a reverse stock split of the Company’s common stock at a ratio of one-for-eight (the “Reverse Stock Split”).
The Company’s shareholders approved a reverse stock split at a ratio of not less than one-for-two and not greater than one-for-thirty
at the Company’s annual meeting on October 11, 2024.

On October 11, 2024, the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment to
the Company’s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation with the Delaware Secretary of State as corrected on October 16,
2024 to effect the Reverse Stock Split (the “Reverse Certificate of Amendment”), which became effective 12:01 am eastern time
on October 24, 2024. As a result of the Reverse Stock Split, every eight shares of the Company’s common stock issued and outstanding
on the effective were consolidated into one issued and outstanding share. All stockholders who would be entitled to receive fractional
shares as a result of the Reverse Stock Split received one whole share for their fractional share interest. On October 31, 2024, the Company
received notice from DTCC on behalf of the brokerage firms that hold the shares of Company common stock held in “street name”
that in connection with the foregoing rounding of shares the Company would need to issue 182,004 shares of common stock. The Company does
not believe the number of shares being requested is correct based on the historical number of shareholders of its common stock and is
aware of similar occurrences in recent months for other companies completing a reverse stock split. As such, the Company has begun an
inquiry into the calculations set forth in the request. During the pendency of this inquiry, the Company does not intend to issue any
shares in connection with the fractional shares being requested. The Company may face potential liability for its failure to issue the
shares of common stock if it is determined that it is required to issue such shares. There was no change in the par value of our common
stock.

In addition, proportionate adjustments will be made to the exercise
prices of the Company’s outstanding stock options and warrants and to the number of shares issued and issuable under the Company’s
existing stock incentive plans. All amounts reflected herein have been adjusted to reflect the Reverse Stock Split.

DRFQ

On November 8, 2024, the
Company entered into the Settlement Agreement Match, providing that Match agreed to sell DRFQ, to Mr. Khurshid or his nominee subject
to the Company obtaining shareholder approval (the “Settlement Agreement”). As required by the Settlement Agreement, the
Company, Match and Mr. Khurshid entered into a Share Purchase Agreement dated December 23, 2024 providing that the Company, subject to
it obtaining shareholder approval, will sell DRFQ to Mr. Khurshid in consideration of £1,000. The Company believes the sale of
DRFQ is in the best interest of the Company due to continuing net loss generated by DRFQ.

2

Vallis/Worsley

On November 8, 2024, the Company entered into Settlement Agreement
and Release with each of Craig Vallis and Oliver Worsley providing that the Company will issue 125,000 and 75,000 shares of common stock,
respectively, in consideration of each party releasing the Company for compensation owed for services.

Standby Equity Purchase Agreement

On December 3, 2024, the Company entered into the Standby Equity Purchase
Agreement (“SEPA”) with YA II PN, LTD, a Cayman Islands exempt limited partnership (the “Investor”) pursuant to
which the Company has the right to sell to the Investor up to $10 million of shares of its common stock, subject to certain limitations
and conditions set forth in the SEPA, from time to time during the term of the SEPA. Sales of the shares of common stock to the Investor
under the SEPA, and the timing of any such sales, are at the Company’s option, and the Company is under no obligation to sell any
shares of common stock to the Investor under the SEPA except in connection with notices that may be submitted by the Investor, in certain
circumstances as described below.

In connection with the SEPA, and subject to the conditions set forth
therein, the Investor has agreed to advance to the Company in the form of convertible promissory notes (the “Convertible Notes”)
an aggregate principal amount of $2.0 million (the “Pre-Paid Advance”), which was to be advanced to the Company in three tranches.
The first tranche of the Pre-Paid Advance, in the amount of $0.50 million, was disbursed to the Company on December 3, 2024 (the “YA
Note”). On December 19, 2024, the Company and YA II PN Ltd. (the “Investor”) entered into a Termination Agreement pursuant
to which the SEPA and the Registration Rights Agreement were terminated provided that such termination had no effect or bearing on, and
shall in no way alter in any way the YA Note or any portion of the SEPA or the Registration Rights Agreement related to the Note, or any
rights of the Investor or obligations of the Company related to the Note.

Star 26 Capital, Inc.

On December 15, 2024, the Company entered into the Star Agreement with
Star, the Star Equity Holders and Mr. Shalom as the representative of the Star Equity Holders. Star holds 95% of Rimon,
an Israeli corporation engaged as a supplier of generators for “iron dome” launchers and other defense products. Mr. Shalom,
who is the Chief Executive Officer and a director of the Company, is a controlling shareholder, Chief Executive Officer and a director
of Star. Pursuant to the Star Agreement, the Company at closing will acquire 51% of the issued and outstanding capital of Star in consideration
of (i) $15,000,000 in a combination of cash in the minimum amount of $5,000,000 and a promissory note for the remaining balance maturing
in 12 months following the closing (the “Investment Note”), (ii) the Company issuing the Seller 2,385,170 shares of common
stock of the Company and (iii) the Company issuing Star a five-year warrant to purchase an aggregate of 6,907,859 shares of the Company’s
common stock for an exercise price of $1.50 per share. The Star Equity Holders granted the Company an option (the “Option”)
to purchase the balance of their equity in Star (49%) for an aggregate of $16,084,250 (the “Option Exercise Price”) in consideration
for the issuance to the Star Equity Holders five-year warrants to purchase an aggregate of 720,000 shares of the Company’s common
stock for an exercise price of $1.50 per share. The Option Exercise Price to be paid by the Company to the Star Equity Holders will consist
of $3,000,000 in cash, a promissory note in the principal amount of $3,000,000, which shall accrue interest at the rate of 8% and be due
and payable six (6) months after the issuance thereof, 2,385,170 shares of common stock of the Company and a five-year warrant to purchase
5,109,789 shares of the Company’s common stock for an exercise price of $1.50 per share.

If, for a period of 12 months after the closing, the Company’s
shares of common stock are delisted from Nasdaq, Star shall have the right, at its own discretion, to require the Company to exchange
the Investment Note for all the shares of Star then held by the Company, provided, however, the Option shall be automatically cancelled
and Star shall retain any cash payments made by the Company to Star and the Company shall retain an equity interest in Star equivalent
to all cash payments. The closing of the Transaction is subject to customary closing conditions, including regulatory approvals, third-party
consents, fairness opinion, and approval by the Company’s shareholders as required under applicable Nasdaq listing rules.

Rimon operates two primary lines of business: (i) the purchase and
sale of generators, masts, and lightning products and solutions, which it acquires through exclusive distributorship agreements with key
third-party suppliers; and (ii) the engineering, design, production, integration, and maintenance of special tactical vehicles and trailers,
including reconnaissance vehicles, mobile command and control vehicles, firefighting trailers, energy and lighting trailers, and satellite
broadcast mobility platforms which are primarily sold to special defense forces, intelligence agencies and the Israeli Defense Forces.

The acquisition comes at a time of what the Company believes will be
growth and transformation within the global defense sector. The Company will integrate Star operations into its existing business structure
while continuing to explore additional opportunities for growth.

Private Placement - December 2024

On December 18, 2024, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase
Agreement with an accredited investor (the “Securities Purchase Agreement”) for a private placement (the “Private Placement”)
pursuant to which the investor (the “Purchaser”) agreed to purchase from the Company 1,666,666 units for an aggregate purchase
price of $10,000,000 or a per unit price of $6.00 with each unit consisting of (i) one share (the “Shares”) of common stock,
par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company (the “Common Stock”) and (ii) a common stock purchase warrant to purchase up to
one and one half shares of Common Stock (the “Common Warrant”). At the discretion of the Purchaser, it may elect to acquire
one pre-funded common stock purchase warrant in lieu of one Share (the “Pre-Funded Warrant”). Each Share and accompanying
Common Warrant is being sold together at a combined offering price of $6.00 per Share and Common Warrant. The Pre-Funded Warrant is immediately
exercisable, at a nominal exercise price of $0.0001 per share, and may be exercised at any time until the Pre-Funded Warrant is fully
exercised. The Common Warrant will have an exercise price of $6.00 per share, are immediately exercisable on a cash or cashless basis
and will expire five (5) years from the date of issuance. The Units were priced in excess of the average Nasdaq Official Closing Price
of the Company’s common stock (as reflected on Nasdaq.com) for the five trading days immediately preceding the signing of the Securities
Purchase Agreement. The Private Placement closed on December 20, 2024.

3

The Securities Purchase Agreement contains customary representations,
warranties and agreements of the Company and the Purchaser and customary indemnification rights and obligations of the parties thereto.
Pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement, the Company is required to register the resale of the Shares and the shares issuable upon
exercise of the Common Warrant and the Pre-Funded Warrant. The Company is required to prepare and file a registration statement with the
Securities and Exchange Commission within 15 days of the date of the Securities Purchase Agreement (the “Filing Deadline”)
and to use commercially reasonable efforts to have the registration statement declared effective within 45 days of the closing of the
Private Placement or 75 days in the event of a full review (the “Effectiveness Deadline”). In certain circumstances including,
but not limited to, if the Company misses the Filing Deadline or the Effectiveness Deadline, then the Company will be required to pay
to the Purchasers an amount in cash, as partial liquidated damages and not as a penalty, equal to the product of 5.0% multiplied by the
aggregate purchase price.

Pursuant to a Placement Agency Agreement, dated December 18, 2024,
between the Company and Dawson James Securities Inc. (the “Placement Agent”) entered into in connection with the Private Offering,
the Placement Agent acted as the sole placement agent for the Private Placement and the Company has paid customary placement fees to the
Placement Agent, including a cash fee equal to 7.0% of the gross proceeds raised in the Private Placement and 4.0% on all proceeds from
the exercise of the Common Warrants. Pursuant to the Placement Agency Agreement, the Company has also agreed to reimburse certain expenses
of the Placement Agent incurred in connection with the Private Placement.

Equity Compensation 

In order to compensate various executive officers, directors and consultants
of the Company who have provided services to the Company for an extended period of time with limited compensation, the Company issued
an aggregate of 1,337,500 restricted stock grants consisting of restricted shares of common stock under its stock incentive plans on December
16, 2024 prior to the market opened on such date of which Menachem Shalom received 500,000 shares of common stock, Anastasiia Kotaieva
received 150,000 shares of common stock and each of the directors of the Company received 10,000 shares of common stock. To date, prior
to the restricted stock grant, the directors of the Company have not received any compensation for their service and Mr. Shalom has not
received an equity award for his service. The shares of common stock were issued without registration under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the “Securities Act”) pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities
Act. The sale of the shares of common stock did not involve any public offering and each participant either received or had access to
adequate information the Company. No advertising or general solicitation was made in connection with the issuance of the shares of common
stock.

Star Business Description

Star Business Overview

Star is an acquisition holding
company focused on locating undervalued and undercapitalized companies, primarily in the defense, industrial machinery and application,
manufacturing, transportation, information technology, and aerospace industries, and providing them capitalization and leadership to maximize
their value and the potential of their private enterprises while also promoting diversification and risk mitigation for our stockholders.
Our acquisition strategy focuses on small and medium businesses, which we characterize as those that have an enterprise value of less
than $200 million, in a variety of different industries, with a preference for multinational businesses. To date, we have completed a
single acquisition of a defense technology company. Star has not identified any specific business as a target for its next acquisition,
and it has not entered into any letters of intent, nor has anyone on its behalf, initiated any substantive acquisition discussions, directly
or indirectly, with any such target.

Star completed its first acquisition
on February 15, 2024, in connection with our operating subsidiary in the Israeli defense industry, B. Rimon Agencies Ltd. Rimon is a defense
technology company and has been in business since 1992 serving the country of Israel and acting as an exclusive distributor in Israel
of tier-1 generators, masts, and lighting solutions, as well as a wide range of defense, homeland security and commercial systems.

Through its structure, Star intends to offer investors an opportunity
to participate in the ownership and growth of a portfolio of businesses that will continue to expand, which have traditionally
been owned and managed by private equity firms, private individuals or families, financial institutions, or large conglomerates. The Company
seeks to acquire controlling interests in small and medium businesses that it believes operate in industries with long-term
growth opportunities, which continue to have positive and stable earnings and cash flows, face minimal threats from technological or competitive
obsolescence, and have strong management teams largely in place. Star’s mission is to make these businesses its majority-owned subsidiaries
and actively manage and grow such businesses. Star expects to improve its business over the long term through organic growth opportunities,
add-on acquisitions, and operational improvements.

For the avoidance of doubt,
as of the date hereof, Star has not identified any target businesses which it intends to acquire, nor has it made any material or significant
steps towards acquiring any such businesses. Further, it does not expect to engage in any such negotiations prior the date of the Special
Meeting.

Star’s Corporate History and Structure

Star was incorporated by its
founder, Menachem Shalom, on January 17, 2024, as Star 26 Capital Inc., a Nevada corporation. Our founder is the owner of all 9,250,000
shares of its class B common stock which are issued and outstanding. Mr. Shalom’s class B common stock ownership entitles him to
100 votes per share of class B common stock, or 925,000,000 total votes on any matter which its class A common stockholders are entitled
to approve as a single class.

Zero One Capital LLC, Star’s
Manager, is a New York limited liability company formed by Mr. Shalom on January 19, 2024, as a management services company. Zero One
became our manager upon the execution of a management services agreement by and between the same on June 28, 2024. The Manager is also
the manager of Rimon, Star’s indirect wholly owned subsidiary operating in the defense industry, pursuant to the offsetting management
services agreement dated August 12, 2024, by and between Zero One, Rimon, and the Company as a third-party beneficiary.

4

Billio
Inc., Star’s wholly owned subsidiary, is a Delaware corporation formed by Mr. Shalom on February 12, 2021, to act as an intermediate
holding company for Rimon.

Star’s Acquisition of Rimon

On February 15, 2024, Star
executed an assignment and assumption agreement with Mr. Shalom, pursuant to which Star, through its wholly owned subsidiary, Billio,
acquired all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of Rimon. Under the terms of that agreement, Star agreed to assume all of Mr.
Shalom’s rights and obligations toward the sellers of Rimon, as outlined in earlier agreements by and between the same, dated December
22, 2023, and February 15, 2024. Additionally, Star agreed to reimburse Mr. Shalom for his out-of-pocket costs related to the acquisition
of Rimon, and for operating loans which he made to Rimon thereafter. To do so, Star issued him a demand grid promissory note with an initial
principal of $155,405, which increased to $280,857 by August 28, 2024, with the initial principal being advanced to cover Mr. Shalom’s
out-of-pocket costs, and the increase therein related to the advance for operations. The grid note bears interest at 8% per annum and
matures 60 days after the earlier of one year from the issuance date or upon the closing of a private placement or public offering of
at least $5,000,000.

Star’s Market Opportunity and Growth
Strategy

Star believes there is a significant
opportunity for organic growth via the acquisition of small and medium size businesses with an enterprise value of less than $200 million
(based on the opinion of our management team and advisory board), that may be operating in highly fragmented markets throughout the world,
including the U.S. and Israel, which are owned and operated by persons within isolated networks of family offices, entrepreneurs, and
intermediaries, each of which with the potential to generate attractive returns for our stockholders and investors. Star’s core
operational principles focus on managing our acquired enterprises to ensure recurring cash flow and lasting terminal value, while fostering
long-term sustainability in our investments. To do so, Star aims to invest in and/or buy controlling stakes in operating, revenue-generating
businesses. Controlling stakes would allow us to lead the companies into operational efficiencies, growth in revenues, improved financial
reporting and operational procedures, hire talented employees and managers and increase the overall enterprise value of these companies.
Star’s search for future acquisition targets focuses on companies located in the U.S. or Israel, or both, that provide products
and or services to large defense and aerospace companies and or governments. Notwithstanding the forgoing, we may target and acquire companies
for acquisition that are located outside the U.S. and Israel if such acquisitions fit within our overall acquisition philosophy and strategy.

Star also believe that the
economic and market dislocations resulting from the conflict in Israel, as well as other conflicts worldwide, provide an opportunity for
companies in the defense industry to see higher-than-average demand for their products and services. Such market conditions, if they persist,
would allow us to focus on acquiring profitable businesses in the defense sector, with the opportunity to take advantage of their potential
future growth. Within the Israeli defense market in particular, Star expects to see a significant number of businesses struggling to satisfy
growing demand for their products and services due to a lack of access to capital and experienced executive level leadership among other
factors. Star believes it will be able to provide these needed resources to any Israeli target company that it acquires. It is confident
that the expertise of our management team and the relationships that they can bring to an acquisition represent a compelling value proposition
for any potential acquisition target looking to add working capital, a pathway to exit, and a solid leadership base, to assist such a
company to grow and expand and to be able to take advantage of market opportunities as they arise.

Star’s Acquisition Process and Strategy

Star’s current acquisition
strategy involves the acquisition of small and medium size businesses in various industries, with an initial focus on industries associated
with the defense sector, including but not limited to industrial machinery and application, manufacturing, transportation, information
technology, and aerospace, that we expect will produce positive, stable earnings, and provide attractive returns on our invested capital.
As part of its evaluation of whether it will acquire a particular business, it will perform a comprehensive due diligence review to determine
the quality and intrinsic value of the targeted company. Star will also seek to identify operational inefficiencies which it would expect
to resolve, post-closing, by implementing streamlined processes, optimizing resource allocation, and leveraging innovative solutions with
the objective of enhancing overall productivity and effectiveness of such companies. Its due diligence typically includes an analysis
of the target Company’s financial statements, detailed document reviews, meetings with current management, consultations with relevant
industry experts, competitors, suppliers, and customers, and any other information gathering that we deem appropriate in conducting a
comprehensive analysis.

Star believes that the defense
sector is poised to experience significant growth in the next few years due to the increasing number of violent conflicts in the world,
which may cause an increase in direct demand for defense solutions from conflict participants and their allies. Star also anticipate seeing
indirect, additional defense industry growth for, as we have observed, countries not involved in or participating in conflicts tend to
increase their defense budgets and spending in anticipation of additional future conflicts in which they may become involved. It is Star’s
belief that acquiring companies in the defense sector will help us establish a unique marketing network and build expertise in the greater
defense sector, thus enabling us to cross-sell products to our large customers and facilitate higher success rates in our sales efforts.

According to Star’s
industry specific market research and analysis, and the network and knowledge of its management team, it is Star’s expectation
that attractive opportunities are likely to emerge as private sector owners aim to grow their businesses through scaling or by forming
outside partnerships to add value. Star’s value-add proposition involves partnering with exceptional entrepreneurs, acquiring their
companies, and guiding them by providing the funding and resources they will need to become global enterprises. Star believes that through
this approach Star will be more likely to identify and attract potential and appropriate targets for acquisition. Star also believe that
the greatest opportunities for consistent annual returns and residual returns on capital from its acquisitions lie in targeting businesses
in niche geographical markets with a competitive edge in the defense, government, and military sectors, especially in the U.S. and Israel.
While Star expects its management team will be most effective working with the types of businesses described above, Star will also consider
acquiring businesses outside of these industries and sectors as long as any such businesses are congruent with our acquisition strategy.

5

Pursuant to the acquisition
strategy, Star will seek to structure its transactions such that each of the businesses it acquires will become its wholly owned or controlled
subsidiary. However, Star may also close acquisitions that result in its ownership of an entity being less than 100%, to meet certain
objectives of the target management team or their then-existing stockholders, or for other strategic reasons; 
provided
 that Star
will always acquire more than 50% of the outstanding voting control of any target, or otherwise obtain a controlling interest in such
target.

Star intends to finance acquisitions
primarily through the public or private sale of our equity and debt securities. While the success of this financing strategy cannot be
guaranteed, the ability to finance future acquisitions through its general capital resources, rather than through acquisition-specific
financing, will allow Star to minimize delays and closing conditions, thereby enhancing its ability to acquire attractive businesses.
Because the timing and size of future acquisitions cannot be readily predicted, we may need access to funding on short notice to be able
to benefit fully from attractive acquisition opportunities.

As part of the acquisition
strategy, Star will seek to evaluate each potential target’s management team and operational and financial strengths and weaknesses.
It will review and compare identified targets to comparable businesses and conduct in-depth research on each potential target’s
industry to enhance our assessment of their financial and operational performance and their growth and success potential. Star will thoroughly
negotiate appropriate terms and conditions of any acquisition of a target company that satisfies its acquisition criteria. Some of the
future acquisition targets may be financially unstable or in the early stages of development or growth. Even if pre-existing conditions
do not negatively impact its decision to acquire a target company, such target may also be subject to numerous other risks inherent in
its business and industry, as well as the risks faced by generally by capital markets participants. Although its management team will
endeavor to comprehensively evaluate the risks associated with any particular acquisition target, Star cannot assure you that it will
properly ascertain, assess, or protect against all significant risk factors.

Valuation and Due Diligence

Star will perform rigorous
business operations and financial evaluations of any target businesses (or assets) that it may acquire. During such due diligence, Star
intends to evaluate the financial aspects of its acquisition targets using the following metrics:

●

discounted cash flow analysis;

●

evaluation of trading values of comparable public companies;

●

expected value matrices;

●

assessment of competitor, supplier, and customer environments; and

●

review and examination of recent/precedent transactions.

Star expects its target review
process will yield two outcomes, (1) an accurate projection of expected cash flows, and (2) an understanding of the types and levels of
risk associated with those projections. While future performance and projections are always uncertain, Star believes that its detailed
target company review process will enable us to effectively evaluate the prospects and upside of any given acquisition opportunity. Additionally,
to assist Star in identifying material risks and validating key assumptions in our financial and operational analysis, Star will engage
third-party experts to review key risk areas, including legal, tax, regulatory, accounting, insurance and environmental. Star may also
engage technical, operational or industry consultants, as necessary.

Star also engages in an extensive
evaluation of each target’s existing management team, including a focus on recent performance, expertise, experience, culture, and
performance incentives. Where necessary, and consistent with our management strategy, following the acquisition of a target company, we
will actively seek to augment, supplement, or replace existing members of target company management who we believe are not likely to properly
execute our business plan for the target. Star also analyzes and evaluates the operational and financial systems of each target business
and, when necessary, post-acquisition, we will actively seek to enhance and improve those existing systems that are deemed to be inadequate
or insufficient to support our business plan for the target business.

Financing

Star expects to finance acquisitions
primarily through additional equity and debt offerings. Although Star cannot guarantee that it will be successful with this
strategy, Star believes that having the ability to finance particular future acquisitions with the general capital resources raised
by the company will provide us with an advantage in acquiring attractive businesses by minimizing delay and closing conditions that
are often related to acquisition-specific financings. In this respect, Star believes that, in the future, it will need to pursue
access to additional capital via debt or equity offerings to successfully fund and execute our business and acquisition strategy.

Competition 

In identifying, evaluating,
and selecting potential target businesses for its acquisition strategy, Star may encounter intense competition from other entities that
have business objectives similar to Star, including blank check companies such as SPACs, leveraged buyout funds, operating businesses
seeking strategic acquisitions, and private equity groups. Many of these entities are well-established and well-financed and may have
greater experience identifying and effecting acquisitions directly or indirectly. These competitors may possess greater financial, technical,
human, and other resources than we do. Star’s ability to acquire larger target businesses in our target sectors will be limited
by its available financial resources. Star’s inherent financial limitations may provide others with an advantage to pursue the
acquisition of one or more of its identified target businesses. Any of these factors may place Star at a competitive disadvantage in
successfully negotiating acquisitions.

6

Competitive Advantages

Star believes that its Manager’s
collective investment experience and approach to executing its investment strategy will enable it to have several competitive
advantages. Star’s competitive strengths that differentiate Star from other acquisition holding companies include:

●

Specialization in the Military and Defense sector. 
Star believes that its focus on the military and defense sectors will enable it to be competitive. This industry may be undergoing a significant transformation as government acquisition processes and new policy incentives align to prioritize national security objectives and promote the adoption of new commercial technologies for military use. In addition, the combination of governments of multiple countries having a need for new, advanced technologies to combat modern threats, along with changing warfare tactics, is driving this specific demand. We believe we are uniquely positioned to enter and succeed as an acquisition holding company in this industry.

●

International and Sector-Specific Expertise
. Mr. Shalom, the founder and Chief Executive Officer of Star, has operated businesses internationally, including in Israel. His extensive international experience and knowledge of Israeli business operations, along with a broad network of contacts, provide us with a competitive advantage. This network can assist Star in identifying new acquisition targets, finding suitable managers, and securing international capital. Additionally, its directors and executive officers bring executive, investment, and operational experience in managing and growing small and middle-market companies in the defense sector. Star believes this combined expertise gives it a significant edge in evaluating future business and acquisition opportunities.

●

Value Proposition for Business Owners
. Star employs a creative, flexible approach by tailoring each acquisition structure to meet the specific liquidity needs and certain qualitative objectives of a target’s owners and management team. Star is open to providing a complete exit strategy to its sellers or providing opportunities to retain incumbent management. In this effort, Star believes that its company is an appealing buyer for small business owners and managers. As a result, Star believes business owners and managers will find it to be a dynamic, value-added buyer that brings resources to achieve their strategic, capital and operating needs, resulting in value creation for the operating subsidiary.

Human Capital

Star has one full-time employee.
As indicated below, Star’s operating subsidiary Rimon employs 14 people: three technicians, two engineers, two assembly workers,
three sales employees, one customer support employee, one financial bookkeeper, and two management employees. None of our employees or
any of our subsidiary’s employees are represented by labor unions, and we believe that we have an excellent relationship with such
employees.

Sales and Marketing

Star markets its generators,
masts, lightning and utility vehicles through our websites and by working with our internal sales team that offers relevant off-the-shelf
or tailor-made solutions based on specific client needs and requests. In the future, Star intends to utilize numerous avenues to promote
its business, including digital marketing across social media channels, Web3 reservation systems, and various modes of advertisements.

Legal Proceedings

From time to time, Star and
its subsidiaries may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business. However,
litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may
harm our business. We are not currently aware of any such legal proceedings or claims that we believe will have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition or operating results.

Government Regulation

The following is a list of government regulations
which may apply to Star now or in the future as it continues to carry out its business:

●

Approval of U.S. and Other Defense Acquisitions
. Many countries, including Israel, require governmental approval of acquisitions of local defense companies or assets by foreign entities. Mergers and acquisitions of defense-related and other potentially sensitive businesses in the U.S. are subject to the Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act of 2018 (FIRRMA). Under FIRRMA, its future acquisitions of defense-related and other potentially sensitive businesses in the U.S., if any, may require review, and in some cases approval, by the Committee on Foreign Investment in the U.S. (CFIUS). CFIUS has the authority to impose additional restrictions through National Security Agreements (NSA) as part of its review and approval of the acquisitions.

●

Procurement Regulations
. Solicitations for procurement by governmental purchasing agencies in Israel, the U.S. and other countries are governed by laws, regulations and procedures such as those relating to procurement integrity, including due diligence, avoiding conflicts of interest and corruption, and meeting information assurance and cyber-security requirements. Such regulations also include provisions relating to the avoidance of human trafficking and counterfeit parts in the supply chain. In view of the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine, various countries and organizations have adopted specific sanctions and regulations to restrict, among other things, the use of certain goods and technologies originating from Russia. Similarly, the United Stated has adopted specific regulations to restrict, among other things, the procurement of goods or services from specific Chinese entities. Such regulations may apply to us as well as to our supply chain.

7

●

Anti-Bribery/Corruption Regulations.
 Star may conduct operations in a number of markets that are considered high risk from an anti-bribery/anti-corruption compliance perspective. Laws and regulations such as the Israel Penal Code, the OECD Convention on Combating Bribery of Foreign Public Officials in International Business Transactions, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act and corresponding legislation in other countries, prohibit providing personal benefits or bribes to government officials in connection with the governmental procurement process. Israeli defense exporters are required to maintain and follow an anti-bribery/corruption compliance program.

●

Cybersecurity and Data Privacy Regulations. 
Certain data relating to employees, customers and supply chain that we may receive and maintain, now or in the future, directly or indirectly, is subject to data privacy regulations, including those of the European General Data Privacy Regulation and corresponding Israeli legislation. There has also been an increased focus on cybersecurity, as global privacy, cybersecurity and data protection-related laws and regulations are evolving, extensive, and complex. Star may also be required to comply with expanding and increasingly complex cybersecurity regulations and guidelines in the United States, Israel and elsewhere with respect to reporting adverse events and additional requirements for avoiding or responding to an adverse event.

●

Audit Regulations
. In the future, the Israeli Ministry of Defense may audit the books and records of our Israeli defense contractor subsidiaries. Such books and records and other aspects of projects related to U.S. defense contracts, if any, will also be subject to audit by U.S. government audit agencies. Such audits review compliance with government contracting cost accounting and other applicable standards. If discrepancies are found this could result in a downward adjustment of the applicable contract’s price as well as potential penalties. Some other customers have similar rights under specific regulations or contract provisions.

●

Competition Laws
. Competition laws and regulations in Israel, the U.S. and other countries often require governmental approvals for transactions that are considered to limit competition. Such transactions may include the formation of joint venture entities, cooperative agreements for specific programs or areas, as well as mergers and acquisitions.

●

Environmental, Health and Safety Regulations
. Star may become subject to a variety of environmental, health and safety laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we have operations. This potentially includes regulations relating to air, water and ground contamination, hazardous waste disposal and other areas with a potential environmental, health or safety impact. Increased public concern may result in more international, U.S. federal, and/or regional requirements to reduce or mitigate the effects of climate change, such as regulating greenhouse gas emissions, policies mandating or promoting the use of renewable or zero-carbon energy and sustainability initiatives, and additional taxes on fuel and energy. Legislation or regulations may be enacted or promulgated in any jurisdiction in which we do business that impose more stringent restrictions and requirements than our current legal or regulatory obligations. In January 2023, the European Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD) came into force, which requires in-scope companies, among other things, to make sustainability reports including certain mandatory disclosures and other voluntary disclosures on impacts, risks, and opportunities in relation to sustainability matters identified as material by the relevant entity. On March 6, 2024, new SEC rules on climate-related disclosure were adopted which may subject us to burdensome and potentially costly emissions and other data gathering and reporting requirements. We will continue to assess the potential impact of the CSRD and SEC rules on our business and subsidiaries, if any.

B. Rimon Agencies Ltd., Star’s Israeli
Defense Business

Star’s defense military
technology business is operated by B. Rimon Agencies Ltd., an Israeli limited liability company and our indirect, wholly owned operating
subsidiary that it acquired on February 15, 2024.

Through Rimon, Star operates
in two primary lines of business:(i) the purchase and sale of generators, masts, and lightning products and solutions, which it acquires
through exclusive distributorship agreements with key third-party suppliers. Most of these products are sold to defense, security, and
military clients in Israel, including Refeal, the manufacturer of anti-rocket systems like Iron Dome, Israel Aviation Industries and Elbit
Systems, two major Israeli defense companies with global reach, the Israeli Ministry of Defense, the Israeli Police, and other security-related
entities; and (ii) the engineering, design, production, integration, and maintenance of special tactical vehicles and trailers, including
reconnaissance vehicles, mobile command and control vehicles, firefighting trailers, energy and lighting trailers, mobile bank branches,
and satellite broadcast mobility platforms which are primarily sold to special defense forces, intelligence agencies, the Israeli Defense
Forces, municipalities, and other governmental and security-focused clients.

The Defense Industry

The primary geographic market
focus as of the date hereof is Israel where the majority of its customers are located and operate. Star believes that Israel is a heavyweight
in the global defense market, primarily due to its advanced military industries, with the country specifically accounting for 2.3% of
global military exports (Observer Research Foundation, 
the strategic and military-technological significance of Israel
). Israel
was the 10
th
 largest defense exporter from 2018 to 2022, with the U.S. and United Kingdom being among those customers that
implemented Israeli defense systems such as the ‘Trophy’ Active Protection system, which creates a neutralization bubble around
military vehicles and rapidly detects, classifies and engages all known chemical energy (CE) threats including recoilless rifles, ATGMs,
AT rockets, HEAT tank rounds, and RPGs. Israel has a strong missile defense system and is one of few countries with successful experience
in a multi-tiered missile defense system. There have also been multiple sales between Israel and national providers of defense technologies.
For example, the U.S. approved the sale of David’s Sling, a complete air defense system designed to defeat the full spectrum of
long range air and missile threats, by Israel and the private company Rafael Advanced Defense Systems Ltd., manufacturer of the David’s
sling system, to Finland on August 2, 2023, a project that was valued at more than 300 million euros, marking a key development in Israel’s
medium-tier missile defense offerings.

8

Further, the market size for
the defense industry was approximately $76.1 billion in the U.S. in 2022 and is estimated to grow to $184.7 billion by 2027. Further,
it is estimated that the compound annual growth rate for the defense technology market will be approximately 15.9% from 2022 to 2027 (PitchBook
,
Emerging Tech Research
). It has also been estimated that approximately $135.3 billion was invested in the defense industry from 2016
to 2022. While we do not currently have any United States operations or customers, and do not have any current plans to enter the United
States defense industry, we may and intend to do so in the future via directed sales and marketing efforts, or via the acquisition of
complimentary United States defense industry businesses.

Digital RFQ

Through our Digital RFQ subsidiary,
we currently aim to provide cross-border payment and transactions solutions to institutional investors, and offer blockchain-enabled financial
services solutions to institutional investors in a secure, compliant and globally accessible manner. The blockchain-enabled payment gateway
we have developed has the capability to deliver global cross-border transfers of fiat currencies using blockchain rails. Digital RFQ currently
offers payment and settlement services, including those utilizing blockchain networks, but does not provide custody or wallet services
with respect to digital assets, and does not hold digital assets, reducing the risks and regulatory burden on its business. In future,
Digital RFQ plans to offer a white-labelled digital bank with end-to-end digital banking solutions for international business. We are
uncertain as to when we will be able to offer these products and intend to evaluate potential strategic opportunities for DigiClear which
may include the sale of the assets or a joint venture, of which there is no guarantee. Our competitors in this product category are banks
and other financial institutions, and we intend to compete by offering faster and more reliable products using more advanced technology.
Products and services offered by Digital RFQ are distributed through our website.

Digital RFQ is regulated
in the United Kingdom by the Financial Conduct Authority and is in good standing and is and has been in the past in material compliance
with the applicable laws, rules and regulations promulgated thereby. Digital RFQ is subject to Anti Money Laundering (“AML”)
and Counter Terrorist Finance (“CTF”) regulations consistent with our authorization by the Financial Conduct Authority as
an Electronic Money Directive Agent, among others. For a discussion of the various laws and regulations Digital RFQ is subject.

The “blockchain technology”
used by Digital RFQ in its payment processing business includes only advanced-stage and fully tested, well-established and fully collateralized
stablecoins operated on the Bitcoin, Ethereum and Tron networks. However, in future, we will be free to use other blockchain networks
if we determine that they offer more sophisticated or secure technology. Based on our risk assessments, we determine the appropriate
network to use for a particular transaction or customer. We do not use stablecoins of an algorithmic nature, and in the event that we
determine any particular stablecoin presents a threat or risk to the security of our business, customers or the transactions we process,
we promptly move to another stablecoin network. We do not accept payment in digital assets and do not hold digital assets for investment
or offer digital wallet services. For a description of the risks associated with the use of blockchain technology in financial services
generally, and payment processing specifically.

DigiClear

Through DigiClear, we plan to develop technology that offers a custody
and settlement utility operating system aiming to deliver value and a high-functioning automated post-trade solution. DigiClear aims to
provide clients with the means to transfer underlying assets to alternative custodians at any time. We intend for DigiClear to use hardware
security modules to offer technology that can secure client assets to block any unwanted modification of client settlement instructions
or transfers. We expect that the transfer process that DigiClear’s technology will offer will be fully automated, monitored and
can be processed within milliseconds. We are uncertain as to when we will be able to offer these products and intend to evaluate potential
strategic opportunities for DigiClear which may include the sale of the assets or a joint venture, of which there is no guarantee. Our
competitors in this product category are banks and other financial institutions and smaller financial technology companies, and we intend
to compete by offering faster and more reliable products using more advanced technology. Assuming we are offering DigiClear
products and services once commercially developed these will be distributed through our website.

9

GSA Agreements

On May 24, 2016, Nukkleus
Limited entered into a General Service Agreement to provide its software, technology, customer sales and marketing and risk management
technology hardware and software solutions package to FML Malta Ltd. In December 2017, Nukkleus Limited, FML Malta Ltd. and TCM entered
into a letter agreement providing that there was an error in drafting the General Service Agreement and acknowledging that the correct
counter-party to Nukkleus Limited in the General Service Agreement is TCM. Accordingly, all references to FML Malta Ltd. have been replaced
with TCM. TCM is a private limited liability company formed under the laws of Malta. The General Service Agreement entered with TCM provides
that TCM will pay Nukkleus Limited at minimum $2,000,000 per month. On October 17, 2017, Nukkleus Limited entered into an amendment of
the General Service Agreement with TCM. In accordance with the amendment, which was effective as of October 1, 2017, the minimum amount
payable by TCM to Nukkleus Limited for services was reduced from $2,000,000 per month to $1,600,000 per month. Emil Assentato is also
the majority member of Max Q Investments LLC (“Max Q”), which is managed by Derivative Marketing Associates Inc. (“DMA”).
Mr. Assentato is the sole owner and manager of DMA. Max Q owns 79% of Currency Mountain Malta LLC, which in turn is the sole shareholder
of TCM.

In addition, on May 24, 2016, in order to appropriately service TCM,
Nukkleus Limited entered into a General Service Agreement with FXDIRECT, which provides that Nukkleus Limited will pay FXDIRECT a minimum
of $1,975,000 per month in consideration of providing personnel engaged in operational and technical support, marketing, sales support,
accounting, risk monitoring, documentation processing and customer care and support. FXDIRECT may terminate this agreement upon providing
90 days’ written notice. On October 17, 2017, Nukkleus Limited entered into an amendment of the General Service Agreement with FXDIRECT.
Pursuant to the amendment, which was effective as of October 1, 2017, the minimum amount payable by Nukkleus Limited to FXDIRECT for services
was reduced from $1,975,000 per month to $1,575,000 per month. Currency Mountain Holdings LLC is the sole shareholder of FXDIRECT. Max
Q is the majority shareholder of Currency Mountain Holdings LLC. Due to non-payment by TCM under the GSA, the Company has advised TCM
that the GSA has been terminated. The Company has historically generated substantially most of its revenue through the services rendered
under the GSA.

Due
to non-payment by TCM under the GSA, the Company has advised TCM that the GSA has been terminated. The Company has historically generated
substantially most of its revenue through the services rendered under the GSA. On September 30, 2024, the Company, TCM and FXDirectDealer
LLC (“FXDD”) entered into a Release Agreement pursuant to which the parties confirmed that the GSA between the Company and
TCM and the General Services Agreement dated May 24, 2016, as amended (“FXDD GSA”) between the Company and FDDD were terminated
effective January 1, 2024. The parties further confirmed that there are no obligations or liabilities outstanding or owed between the
parties as of September 30, 2024 and each party released and forever discharged the other party from any and all claims, demands, damages,
actions, causes of action, or suits of any kind or nature whatsoever, both known and unknown, which have arisen or may arise from the
GSA or the FXDD GSA.

The foregoing descriptions
of the terms and conditions of the General Services Agreement with FML Malta Ltd, the amendment to such General Services Agreement, and
the General Services Agreement with FXDIRECT are not complete and are qualified in their entirety by the full text of the applicable agreement,
which are filed herewith as Exhibit and incorporated herein by reference.

In addition to the revenues
from our General Services Agreement with TCM, Nukkleus received revenue from financial services through Digital RFQ.

Corporate Office

Nukkleus’s
principal executive office is 575 Fifth Ave, 14th Floor, New York, New York 10017. Our main telephone number is 212-791-
4663.

Employees

We have the equivalent to
approximately 12 employees, of which 11 employees work for Digital RFQ and one employee works for Nukkleus.

10

Item 1A. Risk Factors.

Risks Related to Nukkleus’s Business

Failure to complete the acquisition of Star may result in paying
a termination fee to Star and could harm our common stock price and future business and operations.

If the acquisition of Star is not completed, we are subject to the
following risks:

●
if the Star Agreement is terminated under specified circumstances,
we could be required to pay Star a termination fee of $1.0 million;

●
the price of our common stock may decline and could fluctuate
significantly; and

●
costs related to the proposed acquisition, such as legal
and accounting fees, a majority of which must be paid even if the agreement is not completed.

If the Star Agreement is terminated and the board of directors of the
Company determines to seek another business combination, there can be no assurance that we will be able to find another third party to
transact a business combination with, yielding comparable or greater benefits.

If the conditions to the Star Agreement are not satisfied or
waived, the acquisition may not occur.

Even if the Star acquisition is approved by the stockholders of the
Company, specified conditions must be satisfied or, to the extent permitted by applicable law, waived to complete the acquisition. These
conditions are set forth in the Star Agreement. We cannot assure you that all of the conditions to the consummation of the acquisition
will be satisfied or waived. If the conditions are not satisfied or waived, the acquisition may not occur or the closing may be delayed.

We have a limited operating history in an
evolving and highly volatile industry, which makes it difficult to evaluate our future prospects and may increase the risk that we will
not be successful.

Nukkleus, the wholly owned
operating subsidiary, was formed in 2013 and since then our business model has continued to evolve. In 2021, we acquired a controlling
interest in Match. In 2019, our Digital RFQ indirect subsidiary, and wholly owned subsidiary of Match, began to operate a payment processing
business partly using blockchain technology. The comparability of our results in prior quarterly or annual periods should not be viewed
as an indication of future performance. The “blockchain technology” used by Digital RFQ in its payment processing business
and referred to throughout this annual report is intended to refer to stablecoins operated on the Bitcoin, Ethereum and Tron networks,
or such other blockchain networks as Digital RFQ may determine to be reliable and well established in the financial services industry,
at an advanced stage and fully tested and collaterialized based on certain criteria summarized below. The blockchain networks used by
Digital RFQ in its payment processing business are maintained and operated by third parties.

Because Digital RFQ makes
use of blockchain technology only to process payments and does not hold digital assets, the criteria for the adoption and use of any blockchain
network may differ from those of investors in stablecoins. Digital RFQ evaluates each blockchain and/or stablecoin on a daily and transaction-by-transaction
basis, to minimize any risk associated with the blockchain or stablecoin and to ensure that Digital RFQ can reliably complete the transaction
in and out of the stablecoin quickly to minimize such risk. Digital RFQ determines that a blockchain or stablecoin is suitable for use
in its payment processing services by assessing the following criteria:

●
First, how widely supported is the blockchain stablecoin combination by Digital RFQ’s trading partners,
including the banks and financial institutions Digital RFQ uses to support its business. Having sufficient trading partners that support
the blockchain or stablecoin means there may be multiple choices of blockchain to use for any given trade.

●
Second, whether there is sufficient liquidity in those partners’ holdings of the stablecoin to ensure Digital RFQ is able to
trade in or out without exposure to volatility and price risk.

To determine whether any blockchain technology
meets Digital RFQ’s requirements and is a suitable candidate for use in Digital RFQ’s payment processing business, we assess
the following criteria. We monitor these criteria for each blockchain or stablecoin we use regularly on an ongoing basis:

●
Market share
. Digital RFQ assesses a blockchain or stablecoin’s share of the stablecoin market
as a whole and market capitalization from publicly available information. Some stablecoins have been in existence longer than others and
may have a larger market share and market capitalization. These factors also have an influence on the market perception of such stablecoins.
For example, USDT ‘Tether’ is the most prominent stablecoin measured by market capitalization but has faced auditing issues,
while newer products such as GBPT have had professional Big Four auditors from inception but do not have material market share to date
and thus would not be perceived or assessed as at an advanced stage or well established.

11

●
Auditing and Collateralization
. Auditing is paramount to the security and stability of stablecoins
and for this reason Digital RFQ will only work with firms that adhere to full collateralization that is independently verified by an outside
auditor. Digital RFQ believes that collateralization is key in maturing stablecoins. For example, the UST Terra Luna ‘collapse’
showed that algorithmically-backed stability creates vulnerability to counterparty mismanagement and influence, driven by the difficulty
and lack of auditing and intrinsic connection to the Terra network itself. In contrast, collateralized stablecoins such as USDT and USDC
are fully backed by reserve fiat currency holdings and can be redeemed by holders for such fiat currency. Digital RFQ also views traditional
markets, while much more established, as not completely free of risk since they rely substantially on fractional reserve banking to maintain
the market.

●
Counterparty Risk
. Digital RFQ assesses counterparty risk in its stablecoin and blockchain selection
in the issuer of the stablecoin and its governance and in the banks and financial institutions it uses to source liquidity. Digital RFQ
assesses the degree of governance decentralization that may give direct control over funds (as backing, for example) or attack vectors
to the governance architecture that could expose control over funds, and determines the degree of counterparty risk from the level of
centralization. To assess the degree of centralization, Digital RFQ examines the number of parties controlling the blockchain protocol,
the number of holders and the level of founder backing (demonstrated by founders holding a significant amount of the stablecoin). Digital
RFQ is able to remain operationally stable throughout any given payment processing transaction due primarily to a robust counterparty
infrastructure and minimal exposure to these ‘transit’ legs of the transaction (for more information on the third parties
involved in Digital RFQ’s payment processing business, please refer to the section titled “
We rely on connectivity to blockchain
networks for our Platforms
”.

●
Smart Contract Risk
. Smart contract risk relates to the technical security of a blockchain or stablecoin
based on its underlying code. If one of the supported stablecoins or other digital currencies is compromised, collateral will be affected,
thus threatening the solvency of the blockchain protocol. Projects must have undergone audits to be considered. We assess maturity based
on the number of days and the number of transactions of the smart contract as a representation of use, community and development. These
proxies show how strong the code is.

However, because Digital
RFQ makes use of blockchain technology only to process payments, and does not hold digital assets, we are able to constantly monitor the
status of any blockchain network or stablecoin before, during and after a payment is processed, and determine which of the available blockchain
networks is suitable for a particular transaction. We therefore do not believe we are exposed to material risks associated with holding
stablecoins or other digital assets. Furthermore, we do not use stablecoins of an algorithmic nature, and in the event that we determine
any particular stablecoin presents a threat or risk to the security of our business, customers or the transactions we process, we promptly
move to another stablecoin network. We do not accept payment in digital assets and do not hold digital assets for investment or offer
digital wallet services.

Because we have a limited
history operating our business at its current scale and scope, it is difficult to evaluate our current business and future prospects,
including our ability to plan for and model future growth. For example, recently launched services require substantial resources and there
is no guarantee that such expenditures will result in profit or growth of our business. The rapidly evolving nature of the market in which
we operate, substantial uncertainty concerning how these markets may develop, and other economic factors beyond our control, reduces our
ability to accurately forecast quarterly or annual revenue. Failure to manage our current and future growth effectively could have an
adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition.

If we do not effectively manage our growth
and the associated demands on our operational, risk management, sales and marketing, technology, compliance and finance and accounting
resources, our business may be adversely impacted.

In our recent acquisitions,
including our acquisition of Match and our proposed acqisition of Star, our business has become increasingly complex by expanding the
services we offer to include financial services and payment processing services. To effectively manage and capitalize on our growth, we
must continue to expand our information technology and financial, operating, and administrative systems and controls, and continue to
manage headcount, capital, and processes efficiently. Our continued growth could strain our existing resources, and we could experience
ongoing operating difficulties in managing our business as it expands across numerous jurisdictions, including difficulties in hiring,
training, and managing an employee base. Failure to scale and preserve our company culture with growth could harm our future success,
including our ability to retain and recruit personnel and to effectively focus on and pursue our corporate objectives. If we do not adapt
to meet these evolving challenges, or if our management team does not effectively scale with our growth, we may experience erosion to
our brand, the quality of our products and services may suffer, and our company culture may be harmed. Moreover, the failure of our systems
and processes could undermine our ability to provide accurate, timely, and reliable reports on our financial and operating results, including
the financial statements provided herein, and could impact the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting. In addition,
our systems and processes may not prevent or detect all errors, omissions, or fraud, though we have experienced no such material errors,
omissions or fraud in the past. For example, our employees may fail to identify transaction errors or fraudulent information provided
by our customers. Any of the foregoing operational failures could lead to noncompliance with laws, loss of operating licenses or other
authorizations, or loss of bank relationships that could substantially impair or even suspend company operations.

We intend to continue to
develop our technology, in particular our blockchain-enabled payment processing offering. Successful implementation of this strategy may
require significant expenditures before any substantial associated revenue is generated and we cannot guarantee that these increased investments
will result in corresponding and offsetting revenue growth. Our growth may not be sustainable and depends on our ability to retain existing
customers, attract new customers, expand product offerings, and increase processed volumes and revenue from both new and existing customers.

12

The future growth of our
business depends on its ability to retain existing customers, attract new customers as well as getting existing customers and new customers
to increase the volumes processed through our payments platform and therefore grow revenue. Our customers are not subject to any minimum
volume commitments and they have no obligation to continue to use our services, and we cannot be sure that customers will continue to
use our services or that we will be able to continue to attract new volumes at the same rate as we have in the past.

A customer’s use of
our services may decrease for a variety of reasons, including the customer’s level of satisfaction with our products and services,
the expansion of business to offer new products and services, the effectiveness of our support services, the pricing of our products and
services, the pricing, range and quality of competing products or services, the effects of global economic conditions, regulatory or financial
institution limitations, trust, perception and interest in foreign exchange and payment processing services and in our products and services,
or reductions in the customer’s payment and transfer activity. Furthermore, the complexity and costs associated with switching to
a competitor may not be significant enough to prevent a customer from switching service providers, especially for larger customers who
commonly engage more than one payment service provider at any one time.

Any failure by us to retain
existing customers, attract new customers, and increase revenue from both new and existing customers could materially and adversely affect
our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. These efforts may require substantial financial expenditures,
commitments of resources, developments of our processes, and other investments and innovations.

We face intense and increasing competition and, if we do not
compete effectively, our competitive positioning and our operating results will be harmed.

We operate in a rapidly changing
and highly competitive industry, and our results of operations and future prospects depend on, among other things:

●
the growth of our customer base,

●
our ability to monetize our customer base,

●
our ability to acquire customers at a lower cost, and

●
our ability to increase the overall value to us of each of our customers while they use our products and services.

Despite the regulatory barriers
to enter the markets we serve, we expect our competition to continue to increase. In addition to established enterprises, we may also
face competition from early-stage companies attempting to capitalize on the same, or similar, opportunities as we are. Some of our current
and potential competitors have longer operating histories, particularly with respect to our digital financial services products, significantly
greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources, and a larger customer base than we do. This allows them, among others, to
potentially offer more competitive pricing or other terms or features, a broader range of digital financial products, or a more specialized
set of specific products or services, as well as respond more quickly than we can to new or emerging technologies and changes in customer
preferences.

Our existing or future competitors
may develop products or services that are similar to our products and services or that achieve greater market acceptance than our products
and services. This could attract new customers away from our services and reduce our market share in the future. Additionally, when new
competitors seek to enter our markets, or when existing market participants seek to increase their market share, these competitors sometimes
undercut, or otherwise exert pressure on, the pricing terms prevalent in that market, which could adversely affect our market share and/or
ability to capitalize on new market opportunities.

13

We currently compete at multiple levels with a variety of competitors,
including:

●
payment platforms;

●
banks and non-bank financial institutions (including without limitation those using the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial
Telecommunication (SWIFT) payment system); and

●
foreign exchange and derivative, including contract for difference (“CFD”), transfer processors.

Because we do not currently
control a bank or a bank holding company, we may be subject to regulation by a variety of state, federal and international regulators
across our products and services and we rely on third-party banks to provide payment-processing services to our customers. This regulation
by federal, state and international authorities increases our compliance costs, as we navigate multiple regimes with different examination
schedules and processes and varying disclosure requirements.

We believe that our ability to compete depends upon many factors,
both within and beyond our control, including the following:

●
the size, diversity and activity levels of our customer base;

●
the timing and market acceptance of products and services, including developments and enhancements to those products and services
offered by us and our competitors;

●
customer service and support efforts;

●
selling and marketing efforts;

●
the ease of use, performance, price and reliability of solutions developed either by us or our competitors;

●
changes in economic conditions, regulatory and policy developments;

●
our ability to successfully execute on our business plans;

●
our ability to enter new markets;

●
general digital payments, capital markets, blockchain and stablecoin market conditions;

●
the ongoing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic; and

●
our brand strength relative to our competitors.

Our current and future business
prospects demand that we act to meet these competitive challenges but, in doing so, our revenue and results of operations could be adversely
affected if we, for example, increase marketing expenditures or make other expenditures. All of the foregoing factors and events could
adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and future prospects.

14

Cyberattacks and security breaches of our
systems, or those impacting our customers or third parties, could adversely impact our brand and reputation and our business, operating
results and financial condition.

Our business involves the
collection, storage, processing and transmission of confidential information, customer, employee, service provider and other personal
data, as well as information required to access customer assets. We have built our reputation on the premise that our products and services
offer customers a secure way to accept and make payments and store value. As a result, any actual or perceived security breach of us or
our third-party partners may:

●
harm our reputation and brand;

●
result in our systems or services being unavailable and interrupt our operations;

●
result in improper disclosure of data and violations of applicable privacy and other laws;

●
result in significant regulatory scrutiny, investigations, fines, penalties, and other legal, regulatory and financial exposure;

●
cause us to incur significant remediation costs;

●
lead to theft or irretrievable loss of our or our customers’ assets;

●
reduce customer confidence in, or decreased use of, our products and services;

●
divert the attention of management from the operation of our business;

●
result in significant compensation or contractual penalties from us to our customers or third parties as a result of losses to them
or claims by them; and

●
adversely affect our business and operating results.

Further, any actual or perceived
breach or cybersecurity attack directed at other financial institutions or blockchain companies, whether or not we are directly impacted,
could lead to a general loss of customer confidence in the use of technology to conduct financial transactions, which could negatively
impact us including the market perception of the effectiveness of our security measures and technology infrastructure.

An increasing number of organizations,
including large businesses, technology companies and financial institutions, as well as government institutions, have disclosed breaches
of their information security systems, some of which have involved sophisticated and highly targeted attacks, including on their websites,
mobile applications, and infrastructure. Attacks upon systems across a variety of industries, including the payment processing, forex
and CFD industry, are increasing in their frequency, persistence, and sophistication, and, in many cases, are being conducted by sophisticated,
well-funded, and organized groups and individuals, including state actors. The techniques used to obtain unauthorized, improper, or illegal
access to systems and information (including customers’ personal data and digital assets), disable or degrade services, or sabotage
systems are constantly evolving, may be difficult to detect quickly, and often are not recognized or detected until after they have been
launched against a target. These attacks may occur on our systems or those of our third-party service providers or partners. Certain types
of cyberattacks could harm us even if our systems are left undisturbed. For example, attacks may be designed to deceive employees and
service providers into releasing control of our systems to a hacker, while others may aim to introduce computer viruses or malware into
our systems with a view to stealing confidential or proprietary data. Additionally, certain threats are designed to remain dormant or
undetectable until launched against a target and we may not be able to implement adequate preventative measures.

Although we do not have a
past history of material security breaches or cyberattacks, and do not believe we are a target of such breaches or attacks, we have developed
systems and processes designed to protect the data we manage, prevent data loss and other security breaches, effectively respond to known
and potential risks. We expect to continue to expend significant resources to bolster these protections, but there can be no assurance
that these security measures will provide absolute security or prevent breaches or attacks. Threats can come from a variety of sources,
including criminal hackers, hacktivists, state-sponsored intrusions, industrial espionage, and insiders. Certain threat actors may be
supported by significant financial and technological resources, making them even more sophisticated and difficult to detect. As a result,
our costs and the resources we devote to protecting against these advanced threats and their consequences may increase over time.

15

Although we maintain insurance
coverage that we believe is adequate for our business, it may be insufficient to protect us against all losses and costs stemming from
security breaches, cyberattacks, and other types of unlawful activity, or any resulting disruptions from such events. Outages and disruptions
of our systems, including any caused by cyberattacks, may harm our reputation and our business, operating results, and financial condition.

Any significant disruption in our technology
could adversely impact our brand and reputation and our business, operating results, and financial condition.

Our reputation and ability
to grow our business depends on our ability to operate our service at high levels of reliability, scalability, and performance, including
the ability to process and monitor, on a daily basis, a large number of transactions that occur at high volume and frequencies across
multiple systems. The proper functioning of our products and services, the ability of our customers to make and receive payments, and
our ability to operate at a high level, are dependent on our ability to access the blockchain networks underlying our Platforms and other
supported blockchain-based products and technology, for which access is dependent on our systems’ ability to access the internet.
Further, the successful and continued operations of such blockchain networks will depend on a network of computers, miners, or validators,
and their continued operations, all of which may be impacted by service interruptions.

Our systems, the systems
of our third-party service providers and partners, and certain blockchain networks, have experienced from time to time and may experience
in the future service interruptions or degradation because of hardware and software defects or malfunctions, distributed denial-of-service
and other cyberattacks, insider threats, break-ins, sabotage, human error, vandalism, earthquakes, hurricanes, floods, fires, and other
natural disasters, power losses, disruptions in telecommunications services, fraud, military or political conflicts, terrorist attacks,
computer viruses or other malware, or other events. In addition, extraordinary site usage could cause our computer systems to operate
at an unacceptably slow speed or even fail. Some of our systems, including systems of companies we have acquired, or the systems of our
third-party service providers and partners are not fully redundant, and our or their disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient
for all possible outcomes or events.

If any of our systems, or
those of our third-party service providers, are disrupted for any reason, our products and services may fail, resulting in unanticipated
disruptions, slower response times and delays in our services, including our customers’ payments through our Platforms. This could
lead to failed or unauthorized payments, incomplete or inaccurate accounting, loss of customer information, increased demand on limited
customer support resources, customer claims, and complaints with regulatory organizations, lawsuits, or enforcement actions.

A prolonged interruption
in the availability or reduction in the availability, speed, or functionality of our products and services could harm our business. Frequent
or persistent interruptions in our services could cause current or potential customers or partners to believe that our systems are unreliable,
leading them to switch to our competitors or to avoid or reduce the use of our products and services, and could permanently harm our reputation
and brands.

Moreover, to the extent that
any system failure or similar event results in damages to our customers or their business partners, these customers or partners could
seek significant compensation or contractual penalties from us for their losses, and those claims, even if unsuccessful, are likely to
be time-consuming and costly for us to address. Problems with the reliability or security of our systems would harm our reputation, and
damage to our reputation and the cost of remedying these problems could negatively affect our business, operating results, and financial
condition.

16

In addition, we are continually
improving and upgrading our information systems and technologies. Implementation of new systems and technologies is complex, expensive,
time-consuming, and may not be successful. If we fail to timely and successfully implement new information systems and technologies, or
improvements or upgrades to existing information systems and technologies, or if such systems and technologies do not operate as intended,
it could have an adverse impact on our business, internal controls (including internal controls over financial reporting), operating results,
and financial condition.

Because we are subject to
regulation in certain jurisdictions, frequent or persistent interruptions could also lead to regulatory scrutiny, significant fines and
penalties, and mandatory and costly changes to our business practices, and ultimately could cause us to lose existing licenses or banking
relationships that we need to operate, or prevent or delay us from obtaining additional licenses that may be required for our business.

We rely on third parties in critical aspects
of our business, which creates additional risk. Our ability to offer our services depends on relationships with other financial services
institutions and entities, and our inability to maintain existing relationships or to enter into new such relationships could impact our
ability to offer services to customers.

We depend on various third-party
partners and payment systems. More specifically, our offering of payments and transfer services depends on our ability to offer blockchain
transaction processing, Automated Clearing House network (“ACH”) transaction processing, wire transfer and other payment processing
services to our customers.

In order to provide such
transaction processing services, we have established relationships with financial institutions whereby such financial institutions provide
us with access into the relevant payment networks (e.g., the card networks and the ACH). Our ability to offer our core services depends
on our ability to maintain existing relationships with financial institutions and to seek out and obtain new such relationships.

Also, critical aspects of
our technology rely on third-party technologies, including blockchain networks. Our regulatory status, the status of our Platforms and
of blockchain technologies more generally, may be an impediment to our ability to receive or obtain services from financial institutions.
Should our partners cease providing access to such technologies and networks, we would be at risk of being unable to provide the payment
processing services that are core to our customer offering.

Third parties upon which
we rely to process transactions may refuse to process transactions adequately, may breach their agreements with us, refuse to renew agreements
on commercially reasonable terms, take actions that degrade the functionality of our services, impose additional costs or requirements
on us, or give preferential treatment to competitive services or suffer outages in their systems, any of which could disrupt our operations
and materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.

Some third parties that provide
services to us may have or gain market power and be able to increase their prices to us without competitive constraint. In addition, there
can be no assurance that third parties that provide services directly to us will continue to do so on acceptable terms, or at all, or
will not suffer from outages to their systems. If any third parties were to stop providing services to us on acceptable terms, we may
be unable to procure alternatives from other third parties in a timely and efficient manner and on acceptable terms, or at all, which
may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.

We are subject to credit risks in respect of counterparties,
including financial institutions.

We are and will continue
to be subject to the risk of actual or perceived deterioration of the commercial and financial soundness, or perceived soundness, of other
financial institutions, in particular in relation to receivables from financial institutions regarding settled payment transactions, and
cash and cash-equivalents held at financial institutions. One institution defaulting, failing a stress test or requiring mail-in by its
shareholders and/or creditors and/or bail-out by a government could lead to significant liquidity problems and losses or defaults by other
institutions. Even the perceived lack of creditworthiness of, or questions about, a counterparty or major financial institution may lead
to market-wide liquidity problems and losses or defaults by financial institutions on which we have an exposure. This risk resulting from
the interdependence on financial institutions is sometimes referred to as “systemic risk” and may adversely affect financial
intermediaries, such as industry payment systems and banks, with whom we interact on a daily basis. Systemic risk, particularly within
the United States, could have a material adverse effect on our ability to raise new funding and on our business, financial condition,
results of operations and prospects.

17

Our banking relationships for transaction processing are concentrated
in a small number of partners.

We use a small number of
banks and financial institutions as banking services providers. Should our relationships with such banks and financial institutions deteriorate,
we may be limited in our ability to offer the payment processing services that are core to our offerings. While we have multiple such
banking partners and are working to diversify these relationships further, we do not have written agreements with such banks and financial
institutions and there remains some risk that, in the short term, our ability to provide payment processing services may be affected by
any interruption in the banking services we receive. As such, should our relationships with our existing banking and financial institution
partners deteriorate or if such banks and financial institutions make a decision to discontinue the services they provide us, we could
lose our ability to process payments, financial transfers and other transactions. In such an event, the value of our services would be
negatively impacted and our institutional investor clients could be forced to process smaller transaction volume with us or to cease transaction
processing through us entirely.

Certain large customers provide a significant
share of our revenue and the termination of such agreements or reduction in business with such customers could harm our business. If we
lose or are unable to renew these and other marketplace and enterprise client contracts at favorable terms, our results of operations
and financial condition may be adversely affected.

The largest customer of our
FX operations which is no longer operating, TCM, provided significant contribution to our revenue. For the year ended September 30,
2024, our largest customer, TCM, represented 81.1% of our revenue. The agreement with TCM has been terminated which could potentially
have an adverse affect on our operations.

Our products and services may be exploited
to facilitate illegal activity such as fraud, money laundering, gambling, tax evasion, and scams. If any of our customers use our products
or services to further such illegal activities, we could be subject to liability and our business could be adversely affected. Our efforts
to detect and monitor such transactions for compliance with law may require significant costs, and our failure to effectively deal with
bad, fraudulent or fictitious transactions and material internal or external fraud could negatively impact our business.

We may in the future be subject
to liability for illegal transactions, including fraudulent payments initiated by our customers, money laundering, gambling, tax evasion,
and scams. Examples of fraud include when a party knowingly uses stolen or otherwise illicitly acquired access information to a transaction.
In addition, we are subject to the risk that our employees, counterparties or third-party service providers commit fraudulent activity
against us or our customers.

Criminals are using increasingly
sophisticated methods to engage in illegal activities such as counterfeiting, account takeover and fraud. It is possible that incidents
of fraud could increase in the future. The use of our products or services for illegal or improper purposes could subject us to claims,
individual and class action lawsuits, and government and regulatory investigations, prosecutions, enforcement actions, inquiries, or requests
that could result in liability and reputational harm for us. In addition, our efforts to detect and monitor such transactions for compliance
with law may require significant costs.

18

Moreover, certain activities
that may be legal in one jurisdiction may be illegal in another jurisdiction, and certain activities that are at one time legal may in
the future be deemed illegal in the same jurisdiction. As a result, there is significant uncertainty and cost associated with detecting
and monitoring transactions for compliance with local laws. In the event that a customer is found responsible for intentionally or inadvertently
violating the laws in any jurisdiction, we may be subject to governmental inquiries, enforcement actions, prosecuted, or otherwise held
secondarily liable for aiding or facilitating such activities. Changes in law have also increased the penalties for money transmitters,
e-money issuers, broker-dealers and alternative trading systems for certain illegal activities, and government authorities may consider
increased or additional penalties from time to time. Owners of intellectual property rights or government authorities may seek to bring
legal action against us for involvement in the sale of infringing or allegedly infringing items. Any threatened or resulting claims could
result in reputational harm, and any resulting liabilities, loss of transaction volume, or increased costs could harm our business.

Moreover, while fiat currencies
can be used to facilitate illegal activities, blockchain technologies, such those used in our Platforms are relatively new and, in many
jurisdictions, may be lightly regulated or largely unregulated. Many blockchains have characteristics such as the speed with which digital
asset transactions can be conducted, the ability to conduct transactions without the involvement of regulated intermediaries, the ability
to engage in transactions across multiple jurisdictions, the irreversible nature of certain blockchain transactions, and encryption technology
that anonymizes these transactions, which may make blockchain technology susceptible to use in illegal activity.

U.S. federal and state and
foreign regulatory authorities and law enforcement agencies, such as the Department of Justice, the SEC, the Commodity Futures Trading
Commission, The Federal Trade Commission, the IRS and various state securities and financial regulators investigate, issue subpoenas and
civil investigative demands, and take legal action against persons and entities alleged to be engaged in fraudulent schemes or other illicit
activity involving blockchain technologies.

While we believe that our
risk management and compliance framework is designed to detect significant illicit activities conducted by our potential or existing customers,
we cannot ensure that we will be able to detect all illegal activity on our systems. If any of our customers use our products and services
to further such illegal activities, our business could be adversely affected. We have not detected any material illicit activities in
the past.

Our risk management and compliance
framework is key to our operations and is designed to address Anti Money Laundering (“AML”) and Counter Terrorist Finance
(“CTF”) considerations consistent with our authorization by the Financial Conduct Authority as an Electronic Money Directive
Agent, among others. The key elements of the regulatory framework that impact us include, but are not limited to, the following U.K. legislation:

●
The European Union 5
th

and 6
th

Money Laundering
Directives. 
The main components of the 5
th

Money Laundering Directive was to (i) grant access to the general public to beneficial ownership information
of EU based companies; (ii) requires regulated entities to consult the beneficial ownership register when performing AML due diligence;
(iii) obliges EU member states to create a list of national public offices and functions that qualify as politically exposed persons (PEP);
and (iv) introduces strict enhanced due diligence measures for financial flows from high risk third countries. The 6
th

Money Laundering Directive introduced a harmonized list of 22 predicate offences that constitute money laundering
and expanded its regulatory scope and criminal definition to include “aiding and abetting”. Regulated entities such as Digital
RFQ are required to ensure that their AML/CFT programs address those offences. Criminal liability for those laundering money has been
extended to legal persons, which means that organizations can be punished for offences committed by the people that work for them. The
change means that responsibility for corporate criminal conduct falls on management personnel in addition to individual employees.

●
The Money Laundering, Terrorist Financing and Transfer of Funds (Information on the Payer), Regulation 2017.

●
Proceeds of Crime Act 2002. Digital RFQ is required to ensure sufficient controls are in place to enable its employees to recognize
money laundering.

●
Terrorism Act 2000 and Counter Terrorism Act 2008
. Digital RFQ is required to ensure sufficient controls are in place so that
the firm can recognise terrorist financing.

●
Fraud Act 2006
. Digital RFQ is required to ensure controls are in place to identify the risk of both internal and external
fraud and the necessary controls are implemented.

●
Bribery Act 2010
. Digital RFQ is required to ensure controls are in place to identify the risk of bribery and corruption and
the necessary controls are implemented.

19

The primary objectives in establishing our AML/CTF policy
are to:

●
Conduct regular assessments to continually understand the money laundering and terrorist financing (“ML/TF”) risks associated
with our business activities;

●
Prevent Digital RFQ’s services from being used for tax evasion purposes;

●
Ensure Digital RFQ has appropriate controls to mitigate the ML/TF and tax evasion risks faced by the business;

●
Establish minimum standards of customer due diligence to be obtained for all entities we conduct business with, including to:

●
Identify and verify legal existence;

●
Understand who are the natural persons that ultimately own or control the entity;

●
Understand the risks posed by higher risks clients, business relationships or transactions; and

●
Establish standards to allow us to identify unusual or potential suspicious behavior and report suspicions of ML/TF or other financial
crime, as advised by law.

DigitalRFQ’s risk-based approach to AML/CTF
is driven by the clients risk rating. DigitalRFQ operates a three-tiered classification of a potential client relationship:

1.
Low Risk — applying simplified due diligence of customers

2.
Medium Risk — applying standard client due diligence

3.
High Risk — applying enhanced due diligence

Standard customer due diligence
is conducted on the majority of customers, who present a normal level of risk. Where enough low risk factors from the customer are identified,
Digital RFQ employs simplified due diligence, which is a light touch approach involving less stringent checks. Conversely, if high risk
factors are identified, then the firm employs enhanced due diligence, which involves a thorough ‘deep dive’ review of the
customer. These customers, if approved, are then subject to ongoing monitoring.

20

Simplified due diligence is for customers who present a very
low risk:

1.
Timing — the general rule is to verify identity before the establishment of a business relationship.
However, there is now an exemption to this if there is little risk of money laundering. With simplified due diligence, the verification
can take place later, so we do not interrupt the normal flow of business, provided that the verification is completed as soon as practicable
after contact is first established.

2.
Electronic — a customer’s identification can be based purely on electronic identification
if the verification software used is of sufficient, accredited standard and that they can corroborate some of the information obtained
with the customer. This could even be the case in some non-face-to-face relationships, if there are sufficient low risk factors in place.

3.
Documentation — this can be done with one document only and need not be independently certified.

Enhanced due diligence is followed in all circumstances
where a customer is identified as high-risk, and this involves seven specific tasks:

1.
Conduct enhanced monitoring of the business relationship by increasing the number and timing of controls applied, and selecting patterns
of transactions that need further examination.

2.
Obtaining additional information about the customer.

3.
Capturing additional information about the intended nature of the business relationship.

4.
Finding out about the source of the funds or wealth of the customer.

5.
Understanding the reasons for the intended or performed transactions.

6.
Getting the approval of senior management for continuing the business relationship.

7.
Requiring the first payment to be carried out through an account in the customer’s name with a bank subject to similar customer
due diligence standards.

Digital RFQ performs a customer
risk assessment to determine whether a specific customer is high, medium or low risk and will take into consideration the customer type,
their geographic location and the product or service being provided. When assessing the risk, Digital RFQ considers the following risk
factors:

Risk
    Type

High
    Risk Factors

Low
    Risk Factors

Customer

The
        business relationship is conducted in unusual circumstances

Customers
    that are resident in jurisdictions considered to present a ‘higher’ risk

Legal
    persons or arrangements that are personal asset-holding vehicles Companies that have nominee shareholders or shares in bearer
    form

Businesses
    that are cash-intensive

The
    ownership structure of the company appears unusual or excessively complex given the nature of the company’s business

Public
        companies listed on a stock exchange and subject to disclosure requirements (either by stock exchange rules or through law or
        enforceable means), which impose requirements to ensure adequate transparency of beneficial ownership

Public
    administrations or enterprises Customers that are resident in jurisdictions considered to present a ‘lower’ risk

Geographic Location

Countries
        identified by credible sources as not having effective anti-money laundering (AML) or Combating the Financing of Terrorism
        (CFT) systems (such as mutual evaluations, detailed assessment reports or published follow-up reports)

Countries
    identified by credible sources as having significant levels of corruption or other criminal activity

Countries
    subject to sanctions, embargos or similar measures issued by, for example, the European Union or the United Nations

Countries
    providing funding or support for terrorist activities, or that have designated terrorist organisations operating within their country

EU
        Member States

Third
    leg countries having effective AML/CFT systems

Third
    leg countries identified by credible sources as having a low level of corruption or other criminal activity

Third
    leg countries which, on the basis of credible sources such as mutual evaluations, detailed assessment reports or published follow-up reports,
    have requirements to combat money laundering and terrorist financing consistent with the revised FATF recommendations and effectively
    implement those requirements

21

Risk
    Type

High
    Risk Factors

Low
    Risk Factors

Product or Service

Products or transactions
    that might favour anonymity

Life insurance policies
    for which the premium is low

Non-face-to-face business
    relationships or transactions, without certain safeguards, such as electronic signatures

Insurance policies for
    pension schemes, if there is no early surrender option and the policy cannot be used as collateral

Payments
        received from unknown or un-associated third parties

New
    products and new business practices

Financial products or services
    that provide appropriately defined and limited services to certain types of customers, so as to increase access for financial inclusion
    purposes

Digital
RFQ undertakes ongoing monitoring regardless of the customer risk level and whether the onboarding process involved simple, standard
or enhanced due diligence. This is carried out using a risk-based approach that focuses on reviewing customer data and monitoring transactions:

Low
    risk factors

Normal
    risk factors

High
    risk factors

Simplified Due Diligence at onboarding, with ongoing
    DD monitoring conducted on a real-time suspicion basis only. 

Standard Due Diligence at onboarding and then real
    time transaction checks as well as full customer review every couple of years.

Enhanced Due Diligence at onboarding and then real
    time transaction checks as well as retrospective transaction checks on a monthly basis. A full customer review every 6 months.

All checks with regards to Peps, Sanctions and adverse media take place
    and are refreshed every 6 months.

All checks with regards to Peps, Sanctions and adverse media take place
    and are refreshed every 3 months or every transaction in some circumstances.

All checks with regards to Peps, Sanctions and adverse media take place
    and are reviewed every transaction that takes place.

Transaction monitoring on a daily basis

Transaction monitoring on a daily basis

Transaction monitoring on a daily basis

Wallet verification and analysis when we whitelist the wallet

Wallet verification and analysis every transaction

Wallet verification and analysis on a regular basis

KYC refresh every 12 months for updated KYC for Directors, Shareholders,
    UBO’s

KYC refresh every 6 months for updated KYC for Directors, Shareholders,
    UBO’s

KYC refresh every 3 months for updated KYC for Directors, Shareholders,
    UBO’s

6 month review of client and transactions

6 month review of client and transactions

Monthly review of client and transactions

Internal

External

Raised
        by employee to the nominated officer

Suspicious
    activity is irrespective of amount and derives from red flags that have been identified by the employee throughout the course of their working life

An
    official Internal SAR form should be completed

Nominated
    officer decides to authorise or raise an external SAR

Raised
        by nominated officer to the National Crime Agency (NCA)

Can
    contain details identified in internal SAR or from risk assessments

Must
    wait for approval from NCA to continue

Details
    of all SARs (internal and external) must be recorded

Company
    must have documented procedures

22

The
client risk rating reflects DRFQ’s assessment of the money laundering and terrorist financing risk the client poses and is determined
by a combination of factors including:

●
Country risk — Jurisdictions involved with respect to the domicile, operation and control of the client entity and personal
links to the beneficial owners and controllers;

●
Sector risk — Links to sectors associated with higher risk corruption or links to sectors that involve significant amounts of
cash as certain businesses are considered to present a higher risk of potential financial crime;

●
Entity risk — the legal form of the entity and its level of transparency including ownership and source of wealth;

●
Product or service risk — the nature of the client’s business and the products or services that the client will require
as far as can be assessed throughout the relationship and the risk classifications that Digital RFQ has attributed to them;

●
Reputation — any adverse media such as allegations or criminality, frozen assets or concerns of beneficial owner/director integrity;
and

●
PEP risk — all client relationships that have one or more PEPs either as their ultimate beneficial owner or a controller will
be classified as a PEP relationship or may be designated as high risk.

●
Sanctions risk — individuals and related organizations may have sanctions imposed.

The above factors have a
cumulative effect on risk rating; multiple adverse factors will increase the risk rating of the client and must be referred to compliance
for assessment. The client risk rating drives the frequency of periodic reviews. All due diligence is completed inline with our AML policy
and procedures and is documented and stored for five years.

Digital RFQ performs an annual risk assessment covering the
following risk categories:

Risk Types

Assessment factors

Information sources

Product Risk

The inherent financial crime risks presented by the product(s) and services that we are offering — being in financial services we are subject to be a target for money laundering or helping to facilitate money laundering.

UK National Risk Assessment

Customer Risk

Separate to the Customer Risk Assessment, this is an integral part of the business wide risk assessment, which considers the customer base that is being targeted and the risks that they will bring due to Peps/sanctions lists and adverse media.

Financial Actions Task Force (FATF)

FCA Thematic Reviews  

National Crime Agency  

The European Commission

Organizational Risk

The inherent organizational risks in relation to financial crime and convoluted organizational structures in relation to shareholdings and establishing the UBO’s.

Geographical Risk

The inherent geographical risks our company faces by medium or high risk jurisdictions. This also includes sanctioned countries and those listed on OFAC or FAFT in relation to their risk for money laundering

Digital RFQ follows internal controls that are
proportionate to its businesses size and nature and consist of a number of controls including senior management oversight, training and
record keeping.

23

Our compliance and risk management methods
might not be effective and may result in outcomes that could adversely affect our reputation, operating results, and financial condition.
We rely on third parties for some of our KYC and other compliance obligations.

Our ability to comply with
applicable complex and evolving laws, regulations, and rules is largely dependent on the establishment and maintenance of our compliance,
audit, and reporting systems, as well as our ability to attract and retain qualified compliance and other risk management personnel. While
we have devoted significant resources to develop policies and procedures to identify, monitor, and manage our risks, and expect to continue
to do so in the future, we cannot assure that our policies and procedures will always be effective or that we will always be successful
in monitoring or evaluating the risks to which we are or may be exposed in all market environments or against all types of risks, including
unidentified or unanticipated risks. Our risk management policies and procedures rely on a combination of technical and human controls
and supervision that are subject to error and failure.

Some of our methods for managing risk are discretionary
by nature and are based on internally developed controls, observed historical market behavior, and standard industry practices. These
methods may not adequately prevent losses, particularly as they relate to extreme market movements which may be significantly greater
than historical fluctuations in the market. Our risk management policies and procedures also may not adequately prevent losses due to
technical errors if our testing and quality control practices are not effective in preventing failures. In addition, we may elect to adjust
our risk management policies and procedures to allow for an increased risk tolerance, which could expose us to the risk of greater losses.

Regulators periodically review
our compliance with our own policies and procedures and with a variety of laws and regulations. Though we believe we have robust risk
management and compliance procedures, and have received no findings from any applicable regulator of any violations of applicable laws
and regulations, if we fail to comply with these in future, or do not adequately remediate certain findings, regulators could take a variety
of actions that could impair our ability to conduct our business, including delaying, denying, withdrawing, or conditioning approval of
our licenses, or certain products and services. In addition, regulators have broad enforcement powers to censure, fine, issue cease-and-desist
orders or prohibit us from engaging in some of our business activities. In the case of non-compliance or alleged non-compliance, we could
be subject to investigations and proceedings that may result in substantial penalties or civil lawsuits, including by customers, for damages,
which can be significant. Any of these outcomes would adversely affect our reputation and brand and our business, operating results, and
financial condition. Some of these outcomes could adversely affect our ability to conduct our business.

Furthermore, we rely on third
parties for some of our KYC and other compliance obligations. If these third parties fail to effectively provide these services, we may
be subject to adverse consequences as described above.

We rely on connectivity with blockchain networks for our Platforms.

Our connectivity with existing
blockchain networks, including the Bitcoin, Ethereum, Tron and other stablecoin networks, will enable our customers to derive the benefit
such networks may provide them in facilitating our payment processing services. Providing such connectivity presents a risk that we may,
under derivative theories of liability, be held responsible for the bad acts, failures or violations of law of the blockchain networks.

Although we seek to minimize
risks associated with any one blockchain network by electing which network to use for a given transaction and by determining which network
is appropriate for such transaction, based on our assessment of whether such blockchain technology is at an advanced-stage, is fully tested,
well-established and fully collateralized, we may be exposed to risks that affect blockchain networks generally, or we may not be aware
of or be able to identify risks associated with any individual network (for a summary of Digital RFQ’s considerations in assessing
which blockchain networks to use in its payment processing business. Each blockchain network has only been in existence for a limited
number of years, and digital assets markets have a limited performance record, making them part of a new and rapidly evolving industry
that is subject to a variety of factors that are difficult to evaluate. For example, the following are some of the risks could materially
adversely affect Digital RFQ’s financial performance and results of operations:

●
As a blockchain network continues to develop and grow, certain technical issues might be uncovered and
the trouble-shooting and resolution of such issues requires the attention and efforts of blockchains’ global development community.
Like all software, blockchain networks are at risk of vulnerabilities and bugs that can potentially be exploited by malicious actors.
For example, in 2010, the Bitcoin network underwent a fork to reverse the effects of a hack in which an unknown attacker took advantage
of a software vulnerability in the early source code of the Bitcoin network to fraudulently mint a large amount of digital assets.

24

●
Different blockchain networks are subject to material changes in their structure as technology and markets
for digital assets evolve, and such changes may lead to adverse consequences. As an example, the Ethereum network expects to complete,
by the end of 2021, a change from the “proof-of-work” consensus method to a “proof-of-stake” consensus method.
The consequences of such change cannot be entirely foreseen, and flaws resulting from that transition could negatively affect the Ethereum
network.

●
Certain privacy-preserving features have been or are expected to be introduced to blockchain networks,
such as the Ethereum network. This could damage the public perception of blockchain networks generally or any one blockchain network in
particular, and their or its utility in Digital RFQ’s payment processing system.

●
Networks rely on the internet. A significant disruption of internet connectivity (i.e., one that affects large numbers of users or
geographic regions) could disrupt blockchain networks’ functionality and operations until the disruption in the internet is resolved.

●
The governance of decentralized networks, such as certain blockchain networks, is by voluntary consensus
and open competition. In other words, a typical network has no central decision- making body or clear manner in which participants can
come to an agreement other than through voluntary, widespread consensus. As a result, a lack of widespread consensus in the governance
of a network may adversely affect the network’s utility and ability to adapt and face challenges, including technical and scaling
challenges. The decentralized governance of a network may make it difficult to find or implement solutions or marshal sufficient effort
to overcome existing or future problems, especially protracted ones requiring substantial directed effort and resource commitment over
a long period of time, such as scaling challenges. A network’s failure to overcome governance challenges could exacerbate problems
experienced by the network or cause the network to fail to meet the needs of its users, and could cause users, miners, and developer talent
to abandon the network or lead to a drop in speculative interest, which could cause the value of a digital currency to decline.

●
A network may use a cryptographic protocol to govern the interactions within it. In the case of Bitcoin,
a loose community known as the “core developers” has evolved to informally manage the source code for the protocol. The core
developers can propose amendments to the network’s source code that, if accepted by users, could alter the protocols and software
of the network. These alterations would occur through software upgrades, and could potentially include changes to the irreversibility
of transactions. Alternatively, software upgrades and other changes to the protocols of the network could fail to work as intended or
could introduce bugs, security risks, or otherwise adversely affect, the network. Similar dynamics occur in other blockchain networks.

●
Networks that operate based on an open-source protocol are often maintained by the core developers and
other contributor. As blockchain network protocols generally are not sold or made available subject to licensing or subscription fees
and their use does not generate revenues for their development team, the core developers are generally not compensated for maintaining
and updating the source code for the network protocol. Consequently, there is a lack of financial incentive for developers to maintain
or develop a blockchain network and the core developers may lack the resources to adequately address emerging issues with the network
protocol. Although blockchain networks are typically supported by core developers, there can be no guarantee that such support will continue
or be sufficient in the future. Alternatively, some developers may be funded by entities, such as foundations or corporations, whose interests
are at odds with other participants in the network. In addition, a bad actor could also attempt to interfere with the operation of a network
by attempting to exercise a malign influence over a core developer. To the extent that material issues arise with a network protocol and
the core developers and open-source contributors are unable to address the issues adequately or in a timely manner, a blockchain network
may be adversely affected.

●
Blockchain technologies are premised on theoretical conjectures as to the impossibility, in practice,
of solving certain mathematical problems quickly. Those conjectures remain unproven, however, and mathematical or technological advances
could conceivably prove them to be incorrect. Blockchain technology may also be negatively affected by cryptography or other technological
or mathematical advances, such as the development of quantum computers with significantly more power than computers presently available,
that undermine or vitiate the cryptographic consensus mechanism underpinning the blockchain and other distributed ledger protocols. If
either of these events were to happen, markets and processes that rely on blockchain technologies, such as Digital RFQ’s blockchain-enabled
payment processing operations, could be adversely affected.

25

If we fail to develop, maintain, and enhance
our brand and reputation, our business, operating results, and financial condition may be adversely affected. Moreover, unfavorable media
coverage could negatively affect our business.

We receive a high degree
of media coverage. Unfavorable publicity regarding, for example, our product changes, product quality, litigation or regulatory activity,
privacy practices, terms of service, employment matters, the use of our products, services, or supported blockchain technologies for illicit
or objectionable ends, the actions of our customers, or the actions of other companies that provide similar services to ours, has in the
past, and could in the future, adversely affect our reputation.

In addition, actions by,
or unfavorable publicity about, Menachem Shalom, a director and Chief Executive Officer, or other officers and managers of Nukkleus and
its subsidiaries may adversely impact our brand and reputation. Such negative publicity also could have an adverse effect on the size
and engagement of our customers and could result in decreased revenue, which could have an adverse effect on our business, operating results,
and financial condition. Further may be the target of social-media campaigns criticizing actual or perceived actions or inactions that
are disfavored by our customers, employees, or society at-large, which campaigns could materially impact our customers’ decisions
to use our products and services. Any such negative publicity could have an adverse effect on the size, activity, and loyalty of our customers
and result in a decrease in net revenue, which could adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition.

Concerns about the environmental impacts
of blockchain technology could adversely impact usage and perceptions of Nukkleus, its subsidiaries and our Platforms.

The energy usage and environmental
impact of blockchain technology, particularly in relation to proof of work mining, has attracted considerable recent attention. Government
scrutiny related to restrictions on such energy consumption may increase, resulting in additional regulation that could adversely impact
usage of our Platforms and harm our business. The considerable consumption of electricity by mining operators may also have a negative
environmental impact, including contribution to climate change, which could create a negative consumer sentiment and perception of blockchain
technology generally and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, and operating results.

As a remote-first company, we are subject to heightened operational
and cybersecurity risks.

As a remote-first company,
we are subject to heightened operational and cybersecurity risks. We are a remote-first company, meaning that for all existing roles many
of our employees work from their homes or other non-company dwellings. For example, technologies in our employees’ and service providers’
homes and shared office spaces may not be as robust and could cause the networks, information systems, applications, and other tools available
to employees and service providers to be more limited or less reliable. Further, the security systems in place at our employees’
and service providers’ homes and shared office spaces may be less secure than those used in corporate offices, and while we have
implemented technical and administrative safeguards to help protect our systems as our employees and service providers work from home,
we may be subject to increased cybersecurity risk which could expose us to risks of data or financial loss, and could disrupt our business
operations. There is no guarantee that the data security and privacy safeguards we have put in place will be completely effective or that
we will not encounter risks associated with employees and service providers accessing company data and systems remotely. We also face
challenges due to the need to operate with a remote workforce and are addressing so to minimize the impact on our ability to operate.

26

Risks Related to Nukkleus’s Platforms

The future development and growth of our
Platforms is subject to a variety of factors that are difficult to predict and evaluate and may be in the hands of third parties to a
substantial extent. If our Platforms do not grow as we expect, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be adversely
affected.

We introduced fund transfer
and payment processing using blockchain technologies only in 2019, and such technology remains in the early stages of development while
continuing to evolve. The further growth and development of any such technology and the underlying networks and other cryptographic and
algorithmic protocols governing such technology and products represent a new and evolving paradigm that is subject to a variety of factors
that are difficult to evaluate, including:

●
Any blockchain-enabled process or product, like our Platforms, rely on third parties, including financial
institutions and counterparties, to hold funds, cash equivalents, and other assets. Those third parties have their own policies and may
change their view and acceptance of any blockchain or stablecoin at any time. This may result in delays and other barriers to payment
processing through our Platforms.

●
Many blockchain networks have limited operating histories, have not been validated in production, and
are still in the process of developing and making significant decisions that will affect the underlying blockchain, any of which could
adversely affect the blockchain technologies on which our Platforms rely.

●
The governance of many blockchain networks is by voluntary consensus and open competition, and many developers
are not directly compensated for their contributions. As a result, there may be a lack of consensus or clarity on the governance of any
particular blockchain network, a lack of incentives for developers to maintain or develop the network, and other unforeseen issues, any
of which could result in unexpected or undesirable errors, bugs, or changes, or stymie such network’s utility and ability to respond
to challenges and grow.

These risks are fundamentally
beyond our control and could materially and adversely affect our Platforms and our business, financial condition and operating results.

Due to unfamiliarity and some negative publicity
associated with blockchain technology, our customer base may lose confidence in products and services that utilize blockchain technology.

Products and services that
are based on blockchain technologies are relatively new. Many of our competitors are unlicensed, unregulated, operate without supervision
by any governmental authorities, and do not provide the public with significant information regarding their ownership structure, management
team, corporate practices, cybersecurity, and regulatory compliance. As a result, customers and the general public may lose confidence
in blockchain technology, including regulated products and services like ours.

Since the inception of blockchain
technologies, numerous blockchain-enabled businesses and platforms have been sued, investigated, or shut down due to fraud, illegal activities,
the sale or issuance of unregistered securities, manipulative practices, business failure, and security breaches. In many of these instances,
customers of these platforms, products and services were not compensated or made whole for their losses. We may be a target of hackers
and malware and may also be more likely to be targets of regulatory enforcement actions.

Negative perception, a lack
of stability and standardized regulation, and the closure or temporary shutdown of blockchain-enabled platforms, including our Platforms,
due to fraud, business failure, hackers or malware, or government mandated regulation, and associated losses suffered by customers may
reduce confidence in blockchain technologies and result in greater volatility of the prices of assets, including significant depreciation
in value. Any of these events could have a material and adverse impact on our business.

Our Platforms and blockchain-enabled payment
processing services are innovative and are difficult to analyze vis-à-vis existing financial services laws and regulations around
the world. Our platforms involve certain risks, including reliance on third parties, which could limit or restrict our ability to offer
the product in certain jurisdictions.

Our ability to offer our
Platforms in jurisdictions around the world is unclear from a regulatory perspective. Further, our Platforms are dependent on certain
partners who will provide liquidity and the regulatory requirements with respect to those partners are uncertain. Our dependency on the
performance of those partners raises risk that turns upon their performance. If our partners fail to perform, both we and our customers
could be subject to losses, and we may be required to cease offering such Platform.

27

Risks Related to Nukkleus’s Financial Condition

There is no assurance that we will maintain profitability or
that our revenue and business models will be successful.

Our ability to achieve and
maintain profitability is based on numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control. We may not be able to generate sufficient revenue
to maintain profitability in the short or long-term. Our revenue growth may slow, or our revenue may decline for a number of other reasons,
including reduced demand for our offerings, increased competition, a decrease in the usage of blockchain technologies generally, or any
failure to capitalize on growth opportunities.

We are continually refining
our revenue and business model and have shifted our focus to the development and commercialization of our Platforms. There is no assurance
that these efforts will be successful or that we will generate revenues commensurate with our efforts and expectations or become or stay
profitable. We may be forced to make significant changes to our revenue and business model to compete with our competitors’ offerings,
and even if such changes are undertaken, there is no guarantee that they will be successful or profitable. Additionally, we will need
to hire, train, and integrate qualified personnel to meet and further such changes to our business objectives at potentially significant
additional expense. Failure to successfully implement revenue and business models or manage related expenses could cause us to be unprofitable
and have an adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition.

Changes in U.S. and foreign tax laws, as well as the application
of such laws, could adversely impact our financial position and operating results.

We are subject to complex
income and non-income tax laws and regulations in the United States and a variety of foreign jurisdictions. Both the United States and
foreign jurisdictions may revise corporate income tax and other non-income tax laws which could impact the amount of tax due in such jurisdiction.

Our determination of our
corporate income tax liability is subject to review and may be challenged by applicable U.S. and foreign tax authorities. Any adverse
outcome of such challenge could harm our operating results and financial condition. The determination of our worldwide provision for income
taxes and other tax liabilities requires significant judgment and, in the ordinary course of business, there are many transactions and
calculations where the ultimate tax determination is complex and uncertain. Moreover, as a multinational business, we have subsidiaries
that engage in many intercompany transactions in a variety of tax jurisdictions where the ultimate tax determination is complex and uncertain.
Our existing corporate structure and intercompany arrangements have been implemented in a manner we believe is in compliance with current
prevailing tax laws. Furthermore, as we operate in multiple taxing jurisdictions, the application of tax laws can be subject to diverging
and sometimes conflicting interpretations by tax authorities of these jurisdictions. It is not uncommon for taxing authorities in different
countries to have conflicting views with respect to, among other things, the characterization and source of income or other tax items,
the manner in which the arm’s-length standard is applied for transfer pricing purposes, or with respect to the valuation of intellectual
property. The taxing authorities of the jurisdictions in which we operate may challenge our tax treatment of certain items or the methodologies
we use for valuing developed technology or intercompany arrangements, which could impact our worldwide effective tax rate and harm our
financial position and operating results.

28

We are also subject to non-income
taxes, such as payroll, sales, use, value-added, net worth, property, and goods and services taxes in the United States and various foreign
jurisdictions. A change in the tax law could impact tax positions which could result in an increased exposure related to such tax liabilities.
Such changes could have an adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition.

In addition, under Section
382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), a corporation that undergoes an “ownership change”
(as defined under Sections 382 and 383 of the Code and applicable Treasury Regulations) is subject to limitations on its ability to utilize
its pre-change NOLs and certain other tax attributes to offset post-change taxable income or taxes.

We have not performed a study
to determine whether our NOLs are currently subject to Section 382 limitations. We may also experience a future ownership change under
Section 382 of the Code that could affect our ability to utilize our NOLs to offset our income.

If our estimates or judgment relating to our critical accounting
policies prove to be incorrect, our operating results could be adversely affected.

The preparation of financial
statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated
financial statements and accompanying notes. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe
to be reasonable under the circumstances, as provided in the section titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations of Nukkleus — Critical Accounting Policies”. The results of these estimates form the basis
for making judgments about the carrying values of assets, liabilities, and equity, and the amount of revenue and expenses that are not
readily apparent from other sources. Significant estimates and judgments involve the identification of performance obligations in revenue
recognition, evaluation of tax positions, inter-company transactions, and the valuation of stock-based awards and the fiat reserves we
hold, among others. Our operating results may be adversely affected if our assumptions change or if actual circumstances differ from those
in our assumptions, which could cause our operating results to fall below the expectations of analysts and investors, resulting in a decline
in the trading price of Nukkleus Common Stock.

The nature of our business requires the
application of complex financial accounting rules, and there is limited guidance from accounting standard setting bodies. If financial
accounting standards undergo significant changes, our operating results could be adversely affected.

The accounting rules and
regulations that we must comply with are complex and subject to interpretation by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC, and
various bodies formed to promulgate and interpret appropriate accounting principles. A change in these principles or interpretations could
have a significant effect on our reported financial results and may even affect the reporting of transactions completed before the announcement
or effectiveness of a change. Recent actions and public comments from the FASB and the SEC have focused on the integrity of financial
reporting and internal controls. In addition, many companies’ accounting policies are being subject to heightened scrutiny by regulators
and the public.

For example, on March 31,
2022, the staff of the SEC issued Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 121, or SAB 121, which represents a significant change regarding how a
company safeguarding digital assets held for its platform users reports such digital assets on its balance sheet and requires retrospective
application as of January 1, 2022. Moreover, recent actions and public comments from the FASB and the SEC have focused on the integrity
of financial reporting and internal controls. In addition, many companies’ accounting policies are being subjected to heightened
scrutiny by regulators and the public. Further, there has been limited precedent for the financial accounting of digital assets and related
valuation and revenue recognition, and no official guidance has been provided by the FASB or the SEC, with the exception of SAB 121. In
May 2022, the FASB added a project to its technical agenda to improve the accounting for and disclosure of certain digital assets. In
October 2022, the FASB decided to require fair value measurement of digital assets that fall within the scope of this project. While the
FASB has begun deliberating on the scope of this project, there has been no formal proposal or guidance issued related to the project
and no timeline has been publicly communicated for the issuance of such guidance.

At certain times, the funds
of customers of Digital RFQ that we use to make payments on behalf of our customers, remain in the form of digital assets in our customers’
wallets at our licensed trust companies awaiting final conversion and/or transfer to the customer’s payment final destination. These
indirectly held digital assets, may consist of USDT (Stablecoin), Bitcoin, and Ethereum (collectively, “our customers’ digital
assets”). We engage third parties, which are licensed trust companies, to provide certain custodial services, including holding
our customers’ digital token identifiers, securing our customers’ digital assets, and protecting them from loss or theft,
including indemnification against certain types of losses such as theft. Our third-party custodian holds the digital assets in a custodial
account in Digital RFQ’s name for the benefit of Digital RFQ’s customers. We maintain the internal recordkeeping of our customers’
digital assets, including the amount and type of digital asset owned by each of our customers and digital token identifiers in that custodial
account. Given that we currently utilize one third-party custodian, there is concentration risk in the event the custodian is not able
to perform in accordance with our agreement.

29

There remains uncertainty
on how companies can account for blockchain transactions, value, and related revenue. Uncertainties in or changes to regulatory or financial
accounting standards could result in the need to change our accounting methods, restate our financial statements or impair our ability
to provide timely and accurate financial information, which could adversely affect our financial statements, result in a loss of investor
confidence, and more generally impact our business, operating results, and financial condition.

Business metrics and other estimates are
subject to inherent challenges in measurement, and our business, operating results, and financial condition could be adversely affected
by real or perceived inaccuracies in those metrics.

We regularly review business
metrics and other measures to evaluate growth trends, measure our performance, and make strategic decisions. For example, we measure transaction
volumes and concentration. These metrics are calculated using internal company data and have not been validated by an independent third
party. While these numbers are based on what we currently believe to be reasonable estimates for the applicable period of measurement,
there are inherent challenges in such measurements. If we fail to maintain an effective analytics platform, our calculations may be inaccurate,
and we may not be able to identify those inaccuracies.

Our business metrics may
also be impacted by compliance or fraud-related bans, technical incidents, or false or spam accounts in existence on our platform. Our
customers are primarily institutional and, though we believe there is no reason for them to establish multiple accounts with us unless
such accounts serve a different business purpose for them, we permit our customers to hold and access multiple accounts, which could overstate
the number of customers we serve. Though we rely predominantly on transaction volumes to make projections about our business, such customer
metrics may also be used in our models. If our metrics provide us with incorrect or incomplete information about customers and their behavior,
we may make inaccurate conclusions about our business.

We are subject to changes in financial reporting
standards or policies, including as a result of choices made by us, which could materially adversely affect our reported results of operations
and financial condition and may have a corresponding material adverse impact on capital ratios.

Our consolidated financial
statements are prepared in accordance with GAAP, which are periodically revised or expanded. Accordingly, from time to time we are required
to adopt new or revised accounting standards issued by recognized bodies. It is possible that future accounting standards and financial
reporting standards or policies, including as a result of choices made by us, which we are required to adopt, could change the current
accounting treatment that applies to our consolidated financial statements and that such changes could have a material adverse effect
on our reported results of operations and financial condition, and may have a corresponding material adverse effect on capital ratios.

As a public company, we are required to
develop and maintain proper and effective internal controls over financial reporting, and any failure to maintain the adequacy of these
internal controls may adversely affect investor confidence in our company and, as a result, the value of our stock.

We are required to furnish
a report by management on, among other things, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. This assessment includes
disclosure of any material weaknesses identified by our management in our internal control over financial reporting. During the evaluation
and testing process of our internal controls, if we identify one or more material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting,
we will be unable to certify that our internal control over financial reporting is effective. We cannot assure that there will not be
material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting in the future. Any failure to maintain
internal control over financial reporting could severely inhibit our ability to accurately report our financial condition or results of
operations. If we are unable to conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, or if our independent registered
public accounting firm determines we have a material weakness or significant deficiency in our internal control over financial reporting,
we could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, the market price of our stock could decline,
and we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the exchange on which shares of our stock are listed, the SEC or other regulatory
authorities. Failure to remedy any material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, or to implement or maintain other
effective control systems required of public companies, could also restrict our future access to the capital markets.

We might require additional capital to support business growth,
and this capital might not be available or may require stockholder approval to obtain.

We have funded our operations
since inception primarily through equity financings, convertible notes, and revenue generated by our products and services. We intend
to continue to make investments in our business to respond to business challenges, including developing new products and services, enhancing
our operating infrastructure, expanding our international operations, and acquiring complementary businesses and technologies, all of
which may require us to secure additional funds.

Additional financing may
not be available on terms favorable to us, if at all. If we incur additional debt, the debt holders would have rights senior to holders
of Nukkleus’s commons stock to make claims on our assets, and the terms of any debt could restrict our operations.

30

We may be affected by fluctuations in currency exchange rates

We are potentially exposed
to adverse as well as beneficial movements in currency exchange rates. An increase in the value of the dollar could increase the real
cost to our customers of our products in those markets outside the U.S. where we sell in dollars, and a weakened dollar could increase
the cost of local operating expenses from sources outside the United States, and overseas capital expenditures. We also conduct certain
investing and financing activities in local currencies. Therefore, changes in exchange rates could harm our financial condition and results
of operations.

Risks Related to Nukkleus’s Employees and Other Service Providers

In the event of employee or service provider misconduct or error,
our business may be adversely impacted.

Employee or service provider
misconduct or error could subject us to legal liability, financial losses, and regulatory sanctions, and could seriously harm our reputation
and negatively affect our business. Such misconduct could include engaging in improper or unauthorized transactions or activities, misappropriation
of customer funds, and misappropriation of information, failing to supervise other employees or service providers, or improperly using
confidential information.

Employee or service provider
errors, including mistakes in executing, recording, or processing transactions for customers, could expose us to the risk of material
losses even if the errors are detected. Although we have implemented processes and procedures and provide trainings to our employees and
service providers to reduce the likelihood of misconduct and error, these efforts may not be successful. Moreover, the risk of employee
or service provider error or misconduct may be even greater for novel products and services, and is compounded by the fact that many of
our employees and service providers are accustomed to working at tech companies which generally do not maintain the same compliance customs
and rules as financial services firms.

This can lead to high risk
of confusion among employees and service providers, particularly in a fast growth company like ours, with respect to compliance obligations
particularly including confidentiality, data access, trading, and conflicts. It is not always possible to deter misconduct and the precautions
we take to prevent and detect this activity may not be effective in all cases. If we were found not to have met our regulatory oversight
and compliance and other obligations, we could be subject to regulatory sanctions, financial penalties and restrictions on our activities
for failure to properly identify, monitor and respond to potentially problematic activity, which could seriously damage our reputation.
Our employees, contractors, and agents could also commit errors that subject us to financial claims for negligence, as well as regulatory
actions, or result in financial liability. Further, allegations by regulatory or criminal authorities of improper transactions could affect
our brand and reputation.

The loss of one or more of our key personnel,
or our failure to attract and retain other highly qualified personnel in the future, could adversely impact our business, operating results,
and financial condition.

We operate in a relatively
new industry that is not widely understood and requires highly skilled and technical personnel. We believe that our future success is
highly dependent on the talents and contributions of our senior management team, including Menachem Shalom, our Chief Executive Officer
and a director and other key service providers across finance, compliance, legal, talent and marketing.

Our future success depends
on our ability to attract, develop, motivate, and retain highly qualified and skilled employees and service providers. The pool of qualified
talent is extremely limited, particularly with respect to executive talent, engineering, risk management, and financial regulatory expertise.
We face intense competition for qualified individuals from numerous software and other technology companies. To attract and retain key
personnel, we incur significant costs, including salaries and benefits and equity incentives. Even so, these measures may not be enough
to attract and retain the personnel we require to operate our business effectively. The loss of even a few qualified employees, or an
inability to attract, retain and motivate additional highly skilled employees required for the planned expansion of our business, could
adversely impact our operating results and impair our ability to grow.

Our culture emphasizes innovation, and if we cannot maintain
this culture as we grow, our business and operating results could be adversely impacted.

We believe that our entrepreneurial
and innovative corporate culture has been a key contributor to our success. We encourage and empower our employees and service providers
to develop and launch new and innovative products and services, which we believe is essential to attracting high quality talent, partners,
and developers, as well as serving the best, long-term interests of our company. If we cannot maintain this culture as we grow, we could
lose the innovation, creativity and teamwork that has been integral to our business, in which case our products and services may suffer
and our business, operating results, and financial condition could be adversely impacted.

31

Risks Related to Government Regulation

We are subject to various laws and regulations,
and any adverse changes to, or our failure to comply with, any laws and regulations could adversely affect our brand, reputation, business,
operating results, and financial condition.

Our business is subject to
laws, rules, regulations, policies, orders, determinations, directives, treaties, and legal and regulatory interpretations and guidance
in the markets in which we operate, which may include those governing financial services and banking, securities, broker-dealers, cross-border
and domestic money transmission, blockchain technologies, privacy, data governance, data protection, cybersecurity, fraud detection, payment
services, escheatment, antitrust and competition, bankruptcy, tax, anti-bribery, economic and trade sanctions, anti-money laundering,
and counter-terrorist financing.

The key elements of the regulatory framework that impact us
include, but are not limited to, the following U.K. legislation:

●
The European Union 5
th

and
6
th

Money Laundering Directives,

●
The Money Laundering, Terrorist Financing and Transfer of Funds (Information on the Payer), Regulation 2017,

●
Proceeds of Crime Act 2002,

●
Terrorism Act 2000,

●
Counter Terrorism Act 2008,

●
Fraud Act 2006, and

●
Bribery Act 2010.

These legal and regulatory
regimes, including the laws, rules, and regulations thereunder, evolve frequently and may be modified, interpreted, and applied in an
inconsistent manner from one jurisdiction to another, and may conflict with one another. For a discussion of our risk management framework
and more detailed descriptions of the legislation and regulations applicable to Digital RFQ’s business.

We are currently regulated
in the United Kingdom by the Financial Conduct Authority. We plan to expand our operations to other countries in future, including Dubai
and Lithuania, in which case we would be subject to regulation in those jurisdictions. From our UK operations, we currently offer cross-border
payment processing services, in numerous countries in Europe, Dubai, Sub-Saharan Africa and Asia. We offer payment processing services
using blockchain technologies in the United Kingdom, the United States and Sub-Saharan Africa, and intend to develop such products and
services across other regions. As a business, we do not differentiate between cross-border and domestic payment processing, so generally
offer cross-border services in the countries in which we operate. While we believe our risk management and compliance frameworks are sufficient
to ensure we remain in material compliance with the applicable laws, and regulations of the jurisdictions in which we operate, to the
extent we do not comply with such laws, rules, and regulations, we could be subject to fines, revocation of licenses, limitations on our
products and services, reputational harm, and other regulatory consequences, each of which may be significant and could adversely affect
our business, operating results, and financial condition.

In addition to existing laws
and regulations, various governmental and regulatory bodies, including legislative and executive bodies in the United States, United Kingdom
and in other countries, may adopt new laws and regulations, or new interpretations of existing laws and regulations may be issued by such
bodies or the judiciary, which may adversely impact the development of blockchain as a whole and our legal and regulatory status in particular
by changing how we operate our business, how our products and services are regulated, and what products or services we and our competitors
can offer, requiring changes to our compliance and risk mitigation measures, imposing new licensing requirements, or imposing a total
ban on transactions using blockchain technologies.

Legislative and regulatory actions taken
now or in the future may increase our costs and impact our business, governance structure, financial condition or results of operations.

Federal, state and international
regulatory agencies frequently adopt changes to their regulations or change the way existing regulations are applied. Regulatory or legislative
changes to laws applicable to the financial industry, if enacted or adopted, may impact the profitability of our business activities,
require more oversight or change certain of our business practices, including the ability to offer new products and to continue offering
our current products, and could expose us to additional costs, including increased compliance costs. These changes also may require us
to invest significant management attention and resources to make any necessary changes to operations to comply and could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Various U.S. federal, state,
and local and foreign governmental organizations and public advocacy groups have been examining the operations of businesses using blockchain
technologies and networks, and the safety and soundness of platforms and other service providers that hold use such networks and technologies
on behalf of users. Many of these entities have called for heightened regulatory oversight and have issued advisories describing the risks
posed by blockchain technologies to users and investors. Use of blockchain technologies is novel and there is limited access to policymakers
and lobbying organizations in many jurisdictions. Competitors from other, more established industries, including traditional financial
services, may have greater access to lobbyists or governmental officials, and regulators that are concerned about the potential for stablecoins
for illicit usage may affect statutory and regulatory changes. As a result, new laws and regulations may be proposed and adopted in the
United States and internationally, or existing laws and regulations may be interpreted in new ways that harm the stablecoin and blockchain
industry, which could adversely impact our business.

32

The regulatory environment to which we are
subject gives rise to various licensing requirements, legal and financial compliance costs and management time, and non-compliance could
result in monetary and reputational damages, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and
results of operations.

There can be no assurance
that we will be able to maintain our existing, or obtain additional, required regulatory licenses, certifications and regulatory approvals
in the countries where we provide services or want to expand to. Furthermore, where we have obtained such regulatory licenses, certifications
and regulatory approvals, there are costs and potential product changes involved in maintaining such regulatory licenses, certifications,
and approvals, and we could be subject to fines or other enforcement action if we are found to violate disclosure, reporting, anti-money
laundering, capitalization, corporate governance or other requirements of such licenses. These factors could impose substantial additional
costs and involve considerable delay to the development or provision of our products or services, or could require significant and costly
operational changes or prevent us from providing any products or services in a given market.

These laws, regulations and
standards are subject to varying interpretations, in many cases due to their lack of specificity or unclear application to the business
of non-traditional financial services. As a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by
supervisory authorities and the interpretation of requirements by supervisory authorities and courts may be further clarified over time.
If our efforts to comply with new laws, regulations and standards differ from the activities intended by regulatory bodies or supervisory
authorities due to ambiguities related to their interpretation, application and practice, supervisory authorities may initiate legal and
regulatory proceedings against us and our business, reputation, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow could be materially
and adversely affected.

In certain countries, it
may not be clear whether we are required to be licensed as a money transmitter, payment services provider, bank, financial institution,
custodian, broker-dealer, exchange, or otherwise. Local regulators may use their power to slow or halt payments or otherwise prohibit
us from doing business in a country. We and our local businesses do not only need to comply with the local laws and regulations, but also
with certain laws and regulations with worldwide application. Further, because our services are accessible worldwide, one or more jurisdictions
may claim that we or our customers or partners are required to comply with their laws. Laws regulating the internet, mobile and related
technologies outside the United States may impose different, more specific, or even conflicting obligations on us, as well as broader
liability.

If we are unable to commit
sufficient resources to regulatory compliance, this could lead to delays and errors and may force us to choose between prioritizing compliance
matters over administrative support for business activities, or may ultimately force us to cease offering certain products or services
globally or in certain jurisdictions. Any delays or errors in implementing regulatory compliance could lead to substantial monetary damages
and fines, public reprimands, a material adverse effect on our reputation, regulatory measures in the form of cease and desists orders,
increased regulatory compliance requirements or other potential regulatory restrictions on our business, enforced suspension of operations
and in extreme cases, withdrawal of regulatory licenses or authorizations to operate particular businesses, or criminal prosecution in
certain circumstances.

In addition to non-compliance
by us ourselves, we may in the future suffer negative consequences of non-compliance by third parties that use our payments and transfer
infrastructure. We may also suffer negative consequences of customers operating businesses or schemes in violation of applicable rules
and regulations whose activities we could be held responsible for monitoring and, where applicable, to denounce, interrupt or terminate
the extension of services to such customers. We may be required to incur greater expenditures and devote additional resources and management
time to addressing these liabilities and requirements, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial position and results
of operations.

The financial services industry is subject
to intensive regulation. Major changes in laws and regulations, as well as enforcement actions, could adversely affect our business, financial
position, results of operations and prospects.

In pursuit of a broad reform
and restructuring of financial services regulation, national and supra-national legislatures and supervisory authorities, predominantly
in the United States and Europe but also elsewhere, continue to introduce and implement a wide range of proposals that could result in
major changes to the way our global operations are regulated and could have adverse consequences for our business, business model, financial
position, results of operations, reputation and prospects. These changes could materially impact the profitability of our businesses or
the value of our assets, require changes to business practices or force us to discontinue businesses and expose us to additional costs,
taxes, liabilities, enforcement actions and reputational risk and are likely to have a material impact on us.

The timing and full impact
of new laws and regulations cannot be determined and are beyond our control. The introduction of these and other new rules and requirements
could significantly impact the manner in which we operate, particularly in situations where regulatory legislation can interfere with
or even set aside national private law. New requirements may adversely affect our business, capital and risk management strategies and
may result in us deciding to modify our legal entity structure, capital and funding structures and business mix or exit certain business
activities altogether, or determine not to expand in certain business areas despite their otherwise attractive potential.

The large number of legislative
initiatives, in particular with respect to the financial services industry, requires constant attention from our senior management and
consumes significant levels of resources to identify and analyze the implications of these initiatives. We may have to adapt our strategy,
operations and businesses, including policies, procedures and documentation, to comply with these new legal requirements. Based on the
volume of existing initiatives, it cannot be excluded that certain new requirements will not be implemented in a timely fashion or implemented
without errors, or in a manner satisfactory to the applicable supervisory authority, resulting in non-compliance and possible associated
negative consequences such as administrative fine or public reprimands. Additionally, we may be forced to cease to serve certain types
of customers or cease to offer certain services or products as a result of new requirements. Any of the other above factors, events or
developments may materially adversely affect our businesses, financial position and results of operations and prospects.

33

We are subject to laws, regulations, and
executive orders regarding economic and trade sanctions, anti-bribery, anti-money laundering, and counter-terror financing that could
impair our ability to compete in international markets or subject us to criminal or civil liability if we violate them. As we continue
to expand and localize our international activities, our obligations to comply with the laws, rules, regulations, and policies of a variety
of jurisdictions will increase and we may be subject to investigations and enforcement actions by U.S. and non-U.S. regulators and governmental
authorities.

As we expand and localize
our international activities, we have and will become increasingly obligated to comply with the laws, rules, regulations, policies, and
legal interpretations both of the jurisdictions in which we operate and those into which we offer services on a cross-border basis. Laws
regulating financial services, the internet, mobile technologies, blockchain technologies, and related technologies outside the United
States often impose different, more specific, or even conflicting obligations on us, as well as broader liability.

We are subject to various
anti-money laundering and counter-terrorist financing laws and regulations around the world that prohibit, among other things, our involvement
in transferring the proceeds of criminal activities. In the United States, most of our services are subject to anti-money laundering laws
and regulations, including the Bank Secrecy Act of 1970, as amended by the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001, and its implementing regulations (collectively,
the “BSA”) and other similar laws and regulations. The BSA, among other things, requires money transmitters to develop and
implement risk-based anti-money laundering programs, to report large cash transactions and suspicious activity, and, in some cases, to
collect and maintain information about customers who use their services and maintain other transaction records. Regulators in the United
States and globally continue to increase their scrutiny of compliance with these obligations, which may require us to further revise or
expand our compliance program including the procedures we use to verify the identity of our customers and to monitor transactions on our
system, including payments to persons outside of the United States. Regulators regularly re-examine the transaction volume thresholds
at which we must obtain and keep applicable records or verify identities of customers, and any change in such thresholds could result
in greater costs for compliance. We could be subject to potentially significant fines, penalties, inquiries, audits, investigations, enforcement
actions, and criminal and civil liability if regulators or third-party auditors identify gaps in our anti-money laundering program and
such gaps are not sufficiently remediated, or if our anti-money laundering program is found to violate the BSA by a regulator.

Despite our efforts to comply
with the applicable laws, rules, and regulations, there can be no guarantee that these measures will be viewed as compliant. If we were
to be found to have violated sanctions, or become involved in government investigations, that could result in negative consequences for
us, including costs related to government investigations, financial penalties, and harm to our reputation. The impact on us related to
these matters could be substantial. Although we have implemented controls and screening tools designed to prevent similar activity, there
is no guarantee that we will not inadvertently provide our products and services to individuals, entities, or governments prohibited by
U.S. sanctions or those of another jurisdiction to whose laws and regulations we may be subject.

Regulators worldwide frequently
study each other’s approaches to the regulation of any novel or developing industry, including those using blockchain-enabled technologies.
Consequently, developments in any jurisdiction may influence other jurisdictions. New developments in one jurisdiction may be extended
to additional services and other jurisdictions. The European Commission, for example, has proposed revisions to the Anti-Money Laundering
Directives, which could make compliance more costly and operationally difficult to manage. As a result, the risks created by any new law
or regulation in one jurisdiction are magnified by the potential that they may be replicated, affecting our business in another place
or involving another service. Conversely, if regulations diverge worldwide, we may face difficulty adjusting our products, services, and
other aspects of our business with the same effect. These risks are heightened as we face increased competitive pressure from other similarly
situated businesses that engage in regulatory arbitrage to avoid the compliance costs associated with regulatory changes.

We may operate our business
in foreign countries where companies often engage in business practices that are prohibited by regulations applicable to us. We are subject
to anti-corruption laws and regulations, including the FCPA and other laws that prohibit the making or offering of improper payments to
foreign government officials and political figures. We have implemented policies, procedures, systems, and controls designed to identify
and address potentially impermissible transactions under such laws and regulations; however, there can be no assurance that all of our
employees, consultants and agents, including those that may be based in or from countries where practices that violate U.S. or other laws
may be customary, will not take actions in violation of our policies, for which we may be ultimately responsible.

Our consolidated balance sheets may not
contain sufficient amounts or types of regulatory capital to meet the changing requirements of our various regulators worldwide, which
could adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition.

Effective management of our
capital and liquidity is critical to our ability to operate our businesses, to grow organically and to pursue our strategy. As a regulated
and licensed entity in various jurisdictions, we may be required to possess sufficient financial soundness and strength to adequately
support our regulated affiliate entities. The maintenance of adequate capital and liquidity is also necessary for our financial flexibility
in the face of turbulence and uncertainty in the global economy. We may from time to time incur indebtedness and other obligations which
could make it more difficult to meet applicable regulatory requirements.

34

In addition, although we
are not a bank holding company for purposes of United States law or the law of any other jurisdiction, as a global provider of financial
services and in light of the changing regulatory environment in various jurisdictions, we could become subject to new capital requirements
introduced or imposed by U.S. federal, state or international regulators. The changes to applicable current or future capital and liquidity
requirements may require us to raise additional regulatory capital or hold additional liquidity buffers, for example because of different
interpretations of or methods for calculating risk exposure amounts or liquidity outflows or inflows, or because we do not comply with
ratios and levels, or instruments and collateral requirements that currently qualify as capital or capital risk mitigating techniques
no longer do so in the future because of changes to the requirements or interpretations thereof. Any change or increase in these regulatory
requirements could have an adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition.

If we are unable to raise
the requisite regulatory capital, we may be required to reduce the amount of our risk exposure amount or business levels, restrict certain
activities or engage in the disposition of core and other non-core businesses, which may not occur on a timely basis or at prices which
would otherwise be attractive to us, and such inability to raise sufficient regulatory capital could have an adverse effect on the market’s
trust in respect of the long-term viability of our products and services, which could, for example, result in customers transferring to
use our competitors’ platforms for financial transfer and payment infrastructure. As a result of stricter liquidity requirements
or higher liquidity buffers, we may be required to optimize our funding composition which may result in higher funding costs for us, and
in having to maintain buffers of liquid assets which may result in lower returns than less liquid assets. Furthermore, if we are unable
to adequately manage our liquidity position, this may prevent us from meeting our short-term financial obligations. It is possible we
may experience errors in currency handling, accounting, and regulatory reporting that leads us to be out of compliance with those requirements.

The above changes and any
other changes that limit our ability to manage effectively our balance sheet, liquidity position and capital resources going forward,
or to access funding sources, could have a material adverse impact on our financial position, regulatory capital position and liquidity
provision.

We obtain and process a large amount of
sensitive customer data. Any real or perceived improper use of, disclosure of, or access to such data could harm our reputation, as well
as have an adverse effect on our business.

Our operations involve the
storage and/or transmission of sensitive information, including highly personal data of our customers. Consequently, we are subject to
complex and evolving UK, European, and other jurisdictions’ laws, rules, regulations, orders and directives (referred to as “privacy
laws”) relating to the collection, use, retention, security, processing and transfer (referred to as “process”) of personally
identifiable information (referred to as “personal data”) in the countries where we operate. Much of the personal data that
we process, especially financial information, is regulated by multiple privacy laws and, in some cases, the privacy laws of multiple jurisdictions.
In many cases, these laws apply not only to third-party transactions, but also to transfers of information between or among us and our
subsidiaries. Any failure, or perceived failure, by us to comply with our privacy policies or with any applicable privacy laws in one
or more jurisdictions could result in proceedings or actions against us by governmental entities or others, including class action privacy
litigation in certain jurisdictions, significant fines, penalties, judgments and reputational damages to us, requiring us to change our
business practices, increasing the costs and complexity of compliance, any of which could materially and adversely affect its business,
financial condition, results of operations and prospects.

Data protection, privacy
and information security have become the subject of increasing public, media and legislative concern. If our customers were to reduce
their use of our products and services as a result of these concerns, our business could be materially harmed. In addition, we are also
subject to the possibility of security breaches, which themselves may result in a violation of these privacy laws. Any failure of us or
our partners or others who use our services to adequately protect sensitive data could have a material and adverse effect on its reputation,
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.

We
are subject to complex and evolving laws, regulations, and industry requirements related to data privacy, data protection and information
security across different markets where we conduct our business, including in the European Economic Area,
such laws, regulations, and industry requirements are constantly evolving and changing. Our actual or perceived failure to comply with
such laws, regulations, and industry requirements, or our privacy policies/notices could harm our business by impairing customer trust
and could subject us to fines and reputational harm.

Various local, state, federal,
and international laws, directives, and regulations apply to our collection, use, retention, protection, disclosure, transfer, and any
other processing of personal data. There is uncertainty and inconsistency in how these data protection and privacy laws and regulations
are interpreted and applied, and they continue to evolve in ways that could adversely impact our business. These laws have a substantial
impact on our operations directly as a data controller/business and as a data processor/service provider and handler for various offshore
entities.

In the United States, state
and federal lawmakers and regulatory authorities have increased their attention on the collection and use of consumer data. While our
current product offering does not target retail consumers, some of our prior products have been offered to retail consumers. In the United
States, non-sensitive consumer data generally may be used under current rules and regulations, subject to certain restrictions, so long
as the consumer does not affirmatively “opt out” of the collection or use of such data. If an “opt-in” model or
additional required “opt-outs” were to be adopted in the United States, less data could be available, and the cost of data
would be higher.

35

California has enacted the
California Consumer Privacy Act, or the CCPA, along with related regulations, in 2020 and the California Privacy Rights Act, or the CPRA,
which has been passed and became effective on January 1, 2023. The CCPA gives California residents new rights to access and request deletion
of their personal data, opt out of the sale of personal data, and receive detailed information about how their personal data is processed.
The CCPA provides for civil penalties for violations, as well as a private right of action for data breaches that involving the loss of
personal data. This private right of action may increase the likelihood of, and risks associated with, data breach litigation. The CPRA
significantly modifies the CCPA, including by expanding consumers’ rights with respect to certain personal data and creating a new
state agency to oversee implementation and enforcement efforts. The CCPA and CPRA may increase our compliance costs and potential liability,
particularly in the event of a data breach, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, including how we use personal data,
our financial condition, and our operating results.

Additionally, the CCPA has
prompted a number of proposals for new federal and state-level privacy legislation, such as in Nevada, Virginia, Colorado, and others.
Virginia’s legislation, the Consumer Data Protection Act, or CDPA, passed and becomes effective January 1, 2023. On June 8, 2021,
the state of Colorado passed its bill, which is pending signature by the state governor. As of June 11, 2021, five states have proposed
legislation under consideration in the local legislatures. As each new state law is passed, it could add increasing complexity to and
significantly expand the scope of our compliance efforts, impact our business strategies, increase our potential liability, increase our
compliance costs, and adversely affect our business.

As a result of our presence
in Europe and our service offering in the European Union, we are subject to the European General Data Protection Regulation, which imposes
stringent EU data protection requirements, and could increase the risk of non-compliance and the costs of providing our products and services
in a compliant manner. A breach of the GDPR could result in regulatory investigations, reputational damage, fines and sanctions, orders
to cease or change our processing of our data, enforcement notices, or assessment notices (for a compulsory audit). We may also face civil
claims including representative actions and other class action type litigation (where individuals have suffered harm), potentially amounting
to significant compensation or damages liabilities, as well as associated costs, diversion of internal resources, and reputational harm.

Additionally, the UK Data
Protection Act contains provisions, including its own derogations, for how GDPR is applied in the UK. We have to continue to comply with
the GDPR and also the Data Protection Act, with each regime having the ability to fine up to the greater of €20 million (£17
million) or 4% of annual global turnover. The relationship between the UK and the EU remains uncertain, for example how data transfers
between the UK and the EU and other jurisdictions will be treated and the role of the UK’s supervisory authority. On June 28, 2021,
the European Commission issued the UK with an “adequacy decision” to facilitate the continued free flow of personal data from
EU member states to the UK. However, this adequacy decision has a limited duration of four years in case there is a future divergence
between EU and UK data protection laws. In the event that the UK maintains an equivalent standard.at the end of the four year period,
it is open to the European Commission to renew its finding. In the event that the adequacy decisions is not renewed after this time, the
adjustments required to facilitate data transfers from EU member states to the UK will lead to additional costs as we try to ensure compliance
with new privacy legislation and will increase our overall risk exposure.

In addition, the GDPR imposes
strict rules on the transfer of personal data out of the EU to a “third country”, including the United Kingdom or the United
States. These obligations may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another and may conflict
with other requirements or our practices. On July 16, 2020, the Court of Justice of the European Union invalidated the European Union-United
States “Privacy Shield” (under which personal data could be transferred from the EU to U.S. entities that had self-certified
under the Privacy Shield scheme) on the grounds that the Privacy Shield failed to offer adequate protections to EU personal data transferred
to the United States. In addition, while the ECJ upheld the adequacy of the standard contractual clauses (a standard form of contract
approved by the European Commission as an adequate personal data transfer mechanism, and potential alternative to the Privacy Shield),
it made clear that reliance on them alone may not necessarily be sufficient in all circumstances.

Use of the standard contractual
clauses must now be assessed on a case by case basis taking into account the legal regime applicable in the destination country, in particular
applicable surveillance laws and rights of individuals. The use of standard contractual clauses for the transfer of personal data specifically
to the United States remains under review by a number of European data protection supervisory authorities, along with those of some other
E.U. member states.

German and Irish supervisory
authorities have indicated, and enforced in recent rulings, that the standard contractual clauses alone provide inadequate protection
for E.U.-U.S. data transfers. As supervisory authorities continue to issue further guidance on personal data, we could suffer additional
costs, complaints, or regulatory investigations or fines, and if we are otherwise unable to transfer personal data between and among countries
and regions in which we operate, it could affect the manner in which we provide our services, the geographical location or segregation
of our relevant systems and operations, and could adversely affect our financial results.

We are also subject to evolving
EU privacy laws on cookies and e-marketing. In the European Union, regulators are increasingly focusing on compliance with requirements
in the online behavioral advertising ecosystem, and an EU regulation known as the ePrivacy Regulation will significantly increase fines
for non-compliance once in effect. In the European Union informed consent, including a prohibition on pre-checked consents and a requirement
to ensure separate consents for each cookie, is required for the placement of a cookie or similar technologies on a user’s device
and for direct electronic marketing. As regulators start to enforce the strict approach in recent guidance, this could lead to substantial
costs, require significant systems changes, limit the effectiveness of our marketing activities, divert the attention of our technology
personnel, negatively impact our efforts to understand customers, adversely affect our margins, increase costs, and subject us to additional
liabilities.

36

As these and other laws and
regulations may continue to evolve and be enacted, or new interpretations of existing laws and regulations apply, it may require us to
modify our data-processing practices, agreements and policies and to incur substantial costs in order to comply with this evolving regulatory
landscape. Restrictions on the collection, use, sharing or disclosure of personal information or additional requirements and liability
for security and data integrity could require us to materially modify our solutions and features, could limit our ability to develop new
services and features and could subject us to increased compliance obligations and regulatory scrutiny. We use a variety of technical
and organizational security measures and other measures to protect the data we process, in particular personal data pertaining to our
customers, employees and business partners. Despite measures we put in place, we may be unable to anticipate or prevent unauthorized access
to such personal data.

There is a risk that as we
expand, we may assume liabilities for breaches experienced by the companies we acquire. Despite our efforts to comply with applicable
laws, regulations and other obligations relating to privacy, data protection, and information security, it is possible that our practices
or technology could fail, or be alleged to fail to meet applicable requirements. For instance, the overall regulatory framework governing
the application of privacy laws to blockchain technology is still highly undeveloped and likely to evolve. Despite our efforts to choose
vendors that meet applicable laws, regulations and other obligations relating to privacy, data protection, and information security and
maintain robust security controls, it is possible that a vendor could fail to comply or experience a data breach impacting our data and
our business. Our failure, or the failure by our third-party providers or partners, to comply with applicable laws or regulations and
to prevent unauthorized access to, or use or release of personal data, or the perception that any of the foregoing types of failure has
occurred, could damage our reputation or result in fines or proceedings by governmental agencies and private claims and litigation, any
of which could adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition.

We are and may continue to be subject to
litigation, including individual and class action lawsuits, as well as regulatory audits, disputes, inquiries, investigations and enforcement
actions by regulators and governmental authorities.

We have been and may from
time to time become subject to material claims, arbitrations, individual and class action lawsuits, government and regulatory investigations,
inquiries, actions or requests and other proceedings alleging violations of laws, rules, and regulations, both foreign and domestic, involving
competition and antitrust law, intellectual property, privacy, data protection, information security, anti-money laundering, counter terrorist
financing, sanctions, anti-corruption, accessibility claims, securities, tax, labor and employment, payment network rules, commercial
disputes, services, and other matters.

The laws, rules and regulations
affecting our business, including those pertaining to blockchain technologies, payment processing and financial transaction services,
and other financial services, are subject to ongoing interpretation by the courts and governmental and supervisory authorities, and the
resulting uncertainty in the scope and application of these laws, rules and regulations increases the risk that we will be subject to
private claims, governmental and regulatory actions alleging violations of those laws, rules, and regulations.

The scope, determination,
and impact of claims, lawsuits, government and regulatory investigations, enforcement actions, disputes, and proceedings to which we are
subject cannot be predicted with certainty, and may result in:

●
substantial payments to satisfy judgments, fines, or penalties;

●
substantial outside counsel legal fees and costs;

●
additional compliance and licensure requirements;

●
loss or non-renewal of existing licenses or authorizations, or prohibition from or delays in obtaining additional licenses or authorizations,
required for our business;

●
loss of productivity and high demands on employee time;

●
civil or criminal sanctions or consent decrees;

●
termination of certain employees, including members of our executive team;

●
barring of certain employees from participating in our business in whole or in part;

●
orders that restrict our business or prevent us from offering certain products or services;

●
changes to our business model and practices;

●
delays to planned transactions, product launches or improvements; and

●
damage to our brand and reputation.

Any such matters can have an adverse impact, which
may be material, on our business, operating results, or financial condition because of legal costs, diversion of management resources,
reputational damage, and other factors.

37

Risks Related to Nukkleus’s Intellectual Property

In the future we may be sued by third parties for alleged infringement
of their proprietary rights.

In recent years, there has
been considerable patent, copyright, trademark, domain name, trade secret and other intellectual property development activity, as well
as litigation, based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property, including by large financial institutions.
Furthermore, individuals and groups can purchase patents and other intellectual property assets for the purpose of making claims of infringement
to extract settlements from companies like ours. Our use of third-party intellectual property rights also may be subject to claims of
infringement or misappropriation.

We cannot guarantee that
our internally developed or acquired technologies and content do not or will not infringe the intellectual property rights of others.
From time to time, our competitors or other third parties may claim that we are infringing upon or misappropriating their intellectual
property rights, and we may be found to be infringing upon such rights. Any claims or litigation could cause us to incur significant expenses
and, if successfully asserted against us, could require that we pay substantial damages or ongoing royalty payments, prevent us from offering
our products or services or using certain technologies, force us to implement expensive work-arounds, or impose other unfavorable terms.
Our exposure to damages resulting from infringement claims could increase and this could further exhaust our financial and management
resources. Further, during the course of any litigation, we may make announcements regarding the results of hearings and motions, and
other interim developments. If securities analysts and investors regard these announcements as negative, the market price of Nukkleus
Common Stock may decline. Even if intellectual property claims do not result in litigation or are resolved in our favor, these claims,
and the time and resources necessary to resolve them, could divert the resources of our management and require significant expenditures.
Any of the foregoing could prevent us from competing effectively and could have an adverse effect on our business, operating results,
and financial condition.

Our and our ecosystem partners’
products and services, including the blockchain technologies on which our Platforms are built, contain third-party open source software
components, and failure to comply with the terms of the underlying open source software licenses could harm our business.

Our products and services
contains software modules licensed to us by third-party authors under “open source” licenses. Also, the blockchain technologies
on which our Platforms are built rely on open source licenses to operate. We also make certain of our own software available to customers
for free under various open source licenses. Use and distribution of open source software may entail greater risks than use of third-party
commercial software, as open source licensors generally do not provide support, warranties, indemnification or other contractual protections
regarding infringement claims or the quality of the code. In addition, the public availability of such software may make it easier for
others to compromise our products and services.

Some open-source licenses
contain requirements that we make available source code for modifications or derivative works we create based upon the type of open source
software we use, or grant other licenses to our intellectual property. If we combine our proprietary software with open source software
in a certain manner, we could, under certain open source licenses, be required to release the source code of our proprietary software
to the public. This would allow our competitors to create similar offerings with lower development effort and time and ultimately could
result in a loss of our competitive advantages. Alternatively, to avoid the public release of the affected portions of our source code,
we could be required to expend substantial time and resources to re-engineer some or all of our software.

38

Although we monitor our use
of open-source software to avoid subjecting our products and services to conditions we do not intend, we have not recently conducted an
extensive audit of our use of open source software and, as a result, we cannot assure you that our processes for controlling our use of
open source software in our products and services are, or will be, effective. If we are held to have breached or failed to fully comply
with all the terms and conditions of an open source software license, we could face litigation or infringement or other liability, or
be required to seek costly licenses from third parties to continue providing our offerings on terms that are not economically feasible,
to re-engineer our products or services, to discontinue or delay the provision of our offerings if re-engineering could not be accomplished
on a timely basis or to make generally available, in source code form, our proprietary code, any of which could adversely affect our business,
operating results, and financial condition.

Moreover, the terms of many
open-source licenses have not been interpreted by U.S. or foreign courts. As a result, there is a risk that these licenses could be construed
in a way that could impose unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to provide or distribute our products and services.
From time to time, there have been claims challenging the ownership of open source software against companies that incorporate open source
software into their solutions. As a result, we could be subject to lawsuits by parties claiming ownership of what we believe to be open-source
software.

General Risk Factors

Adverse economic conditions may adversely affect our business.

Our performance is subject
to general economic conditions, and their impact on the foreign exchange transfer and payments markets, as well as our customers. The
United States and other key European and other international economies have experienced cyclical downturns from time to time in which
economic activity declined resulting in lower consumption rates, restricted credit, reduced profitability, weaknesses in financial markets,
bankruptcies, and overall uncertainty with respect to the economy. The impact of general economic conditions on our business is highly
uncertain and dependent on a variety of factors, including market activity, global trends in the blockchain economy, central bank monetary
policies, and other events beyond our control. Geopolitical developments, such as trade wars and foreign exchange limitations can also
increase the severity and levels of unpredictability globally and increase the volatility of global financial markets. To the extent that
conditions in the general economic and digital asset markets materially deteriorate, our ability to attract and retain customers may suffer.

We may be adversely affected by natural
disasters, pandemics, and other catastrophic events, and by man-made problems such as war or terrorism, that could disrupt our business
operations, and our business continuity and disaster recovery plans may not adequately protect us from a serious disaster.

Natural disasters or other
catastrophic events may also cause damage or disruption to our operations, international commerce, and the global economy, and could have
an adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. Our business operations are subject to interruption by
natural disasters, fire, power shortages, and other events beyond our control.

In addition, our global operations expose us to risks associated with
public health crises, such as pandemics and epidemics, which could harm our business and cause our operating results to suffer. For example,
the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic resulted in difficulties and changes to our customer support, and created operational
challenges, which have in the past, adversely impacted our business and operating results.

Further, war, acts of terrorism,
labor activism and other geopolitical unrest could cause disruptions in our business or the businesses of our partners or the economy
as a whole. In the event of a natural disaster, including a major earthquake, blizzard, or hurricane, or a catastrophic event such as
a fire, power loss, or telecommunications failure, we may be unable to continue our operations and may endure system interruptions, reputational
harm, delays in development of our products and services, lengthy interruptions in service, breaches of data security, and loss of critical
data, all of which could have an adverse effect on our future operating results.

39

Acquisitions, joint ventures or other strategic
transactions create certain risks and may adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.

Acquisitions, partnerships
and joint ventures are part of our growth strategy. We evaluate and expect in the future to evaluate potential strategic acquisitions
of, and partnerships or joint ventures with, complementary businesses, services or technologies. We may not be successful in identifying
acquisition, partnership and joint venture targets. In addition, we may not be able to successfully finance or integrate any businesses,
services or technologies that we acquire or with which we form a partnership or joint venture.

We may not be able to identify
suitable acquisition candidates or complete acquisitions in the future, which could adversely affect our future growth; or businesses
that we acquire may not perform as well as expected or may be more difficult or expensive to integrate and manage than expected, which
could adversely affect our business and results of operations. In addition, the process of integrating these acquisitions may disrupt
our business and divert our resources.

In addition, acquisitions outside our current operating jurisdictions
often involve additional or increased risks including, for example:

●
managing geographically separated organizations, systems and facilities;

●
integrating personnel with diverse business backgrounds and organizational cultures;

●
complying with foreign regulatory requirements;

●
fluctuations in exchange rates;

●
enforcement and protection of intellectual property in some foreign countries;

●
difficulty entering new foreign markets due to, among other things, customer acceptance and business knowledge of these new markets;
and

●
general economic and political conditions.

These risks may arise for
a number of reasons: we may not be able to find suitable businesses to acquire at affordable valuations or on other acceptable terms;
we may face competition for acquisitions from other potential acquirers; we may need to borrow money or sell equity or debt securities
to the public to finance acquisitions and the terms of these financings may be adverse to us; changes in accounting, tax, securities or
other regulations could increase the difficulty or cost for us to complete acquisitions; we may incur unforeseen obligations or liabilities
in connection with acquisitions; we may need to devote unanticipated financial and management resources to an acquired business; we may
not realize expected operating efficiencies or product integration benefits from an acquisition; we could enter markets where we have
minimal prior experience; and we may experience decreases in earnings as a result of non-cash impairment charges.

We cannot ensure that any
acquisition, partnership or joint venture we make will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
of operations.

Delaware law and our Certificate of Incorporation
and Bylaws will contain certain provisions, including anti-takeover provisions that limit the ability of stockholders to take certain
actions and could delay or discourage takeover attempts that stockholders may consider favorable.

Nukkleus’s Certificate
of Incorporation and bylaws contains provisions that could have the effect of rendering more difficult, delaying, or preventing an acquisition
deemed undesirable by the Nukkleus Board and therefore depress the trading price of Nukkleus Common Stock. In addition, as a Delaware
corporation, the Company will generally be subject to provisions of Delaware law, including the DGCL. These provisions could also make
it difficult for stockholders to take certain actions, including electing directors who are not nominated by the current members of the
Nukkleus Board or taking other corporate actions, including effecting changes in management.

Such provisions, alone or
together, could delay or prevent hostile takeovers and changes in control or changes in the Nukkleus Board or management.

Any provision of Nukkleus’s
Certificate of Incorporation or bylaws or Delaware law that has the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control could limit the
opportunity for stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of the Company’s capital stock and could also affect the price
that some investors are willing to pay for Nukkleus Common Stock.

40

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments.

We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information under this item.

Item 1C. Cybersecurity.

At this time, the Company does not have formal processes in place for
assessing, identifying, and managing material risks from cybersecurity threats. Our approach to cybersecurity is currently informal and
primarily reactive, involving basic security measures such as:

●
Basic Security Software: We use standard antivirus and anti-malware software for protection against common threats.

●
Password Policies: Simple password policies are in place to protect access to our systems.

However, we recognize the importance of cybersecurity and are in the
process of developing more robust strategies. We plan to:

●
Develop a Cybersecurity Framework: Establish a formal risk assessment process to identify vulnerabilities.

●
Engage Cybersecurity Expertise: Consider hiring or consulting with cybersecurity professionals to guide our strategy.

●
Implement Training: Begin employee training on cybersecurity awareness to prevent common threats like phishing.

We acknowledge that the absence of comprehensive cybersecurity processes
could potentially expose the company to risks, which might materially affect our operations, financial condition, or strategic decisions
in the future. We are committed to improving our cybersecurity posture as our resources allow.

Governance

●
Board Oversight: Currently, our sole director does not have a formal structure for overseeing cybersecurity risks. We plan to review
this oversight in the near future to ensure appropriate governance is established.

●
Management’s Role: Day-to-day management of cybersecurity is handled by our IT staff, who do not have specialized training in cybersecurity.
We are considering enhancing this role or outsourcing to professionals with specific cybersecurity expertise.

●
Expertise: Our current management and Board do not have in-depth cybersecurity expertise. We are considering educational opportunities
or consulting to address this gap.

Material Effect from Cybersecurity Threats

To date, no known cybersecurity incidents have materially affected
our business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition. However, due to our limited cybersecurity measures, we acknowledge
that our company could be at higher risk of material impact from cybersecurity threats. We are actively working to mitigate these risks.

Item 2. Properties.

The Company’s headquarters
are located in Jersey City, New Jersey. The Company uses office space of FXDD, an affiliated company, free of rent, which is considered
immaterial.

We believe our facilities are adequate for our
current and planned business operations.

Item 3. Legal Proceedings.

From time to time, we are subject to ordinary
routine litigation incidental to our normal business operations. We are not currently a party to any material legal proceedings.

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures

Not applicable

41

PART II

Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder
Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.

Market Information

LIMITED PUBLIC MARKET FOR COMMON STOCK

Our units, ordinary shares,
rights and warrants were initially traded on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbols “BRLIU,” BRLI,” “BRLIR,”
and “BRLIW” respectively. Our units commenced public trading on June 24, 2020, and our ordinary shares, rights and warrants
commenced separate public trading on July 22, 2020. Upon the consummation of the Business Combination, Nukkleus Common Stock and Nukkleus
Warrants began trading on December 26, 2023 on the NASDAQ under the symbols “NUKK and “NUKKW” respectively. The Brilliant
Common Stock, Brilliant Units, Brilliant Rights and Brilliant Warrants ceased trading under the symbols BRLI, BRLIU, BRLIR and BRLIW.

Holders of Our Common Stock

As of January 10, 2025, there were 59 holders of record   of
our common stock. This number does not include shares held by brokerage clearing houses, depositories or others in unregistered form.

Stock Option Grants

The Company did not grant stock options during the year ended
September 30, 2024.

Transfer Agent and Registrar

The transfer agent for
our common stock is Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, 1 State St 30th floor, New York, NY 10004, telephone: (212)
509-4000.

Dividends

To date, we have not paid
dividends on shares of our common stock and we do not expect to declare or pay dividends on shares of our common stock in the foreseeable
future. The payment of any dividends will depend upon our future earnings, if any, our financial condition, and other factors deemed relevant
by our Board of Directors.

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities

X Group – June 2024

On June 11, 2024 (the “Effective
Date”), the Company issued a Senior Unsecured Promissory Note (the “Note”) in the principal amount of $312,500 to X
Group Fund of Funds, a Michigan limited partnership (the “Lender”) in consideration of cash proceeds in the amount of $250,000.
The Note bears interest of 12.0% per annum and is due and payable six months after issuance. As an additional inducement to provide the
loan as outlined under the Note, the Company issued the Lender a Stock Purchase Warrant (“Warrant”) to acquire 1,200,000 shares
of common stock at a per share price of $0.25 for a term of five years that may be exercised on a cash or cashless basis. The Lender shall
have the right to convert the principal and interest payable under the Note into shares of common stock of the Company at a per share
conversion price of $0.25.

The Company and the Lender
also entered into a Restructuring Agreement providing that, among other items, the Lender, in its sole discretion, will have the right
for a period for six months from the Effective Date (the “Investment Period”), to lend the Company an additional $500,000
in consideration of a convertible promissory note that will have a term of two years, bear interest at 12% and will convert into shares
of common stock at a per share price of $0.25. During the Investment Period, the Company may not incur additional debt or enter into any
equity financing arrangement without the written consent of the Lender. The Company has agreed, in its good faith, to negotiate the sale
of its wholly owned subsidiary, Digital RFQ Ltd. (“Digital”) to Digital’s current management team led by Jamie Khurshid
subject to approval of the Company’s Board of Directors and shareholders and subject to compliance with all federal, state and Nasdaq
rules. The Lender provided an additional $50,000 following the initial closing, with such funds was disbursed as agreed between the Company
and the Lender.

42

Further, during the Investment
Period, the Lender, without any additional compensation, will be exclusive advisor to the Company with respect to potential acquisitions
by the Company and the Company will use its reasonable best efforts to consider all proposals by the Lender. Any such acquisition proposal
provided by the Lender will be subject to the Lender and such party entering a definitive binding agreement and the Board of Directors
and shareholders of the Company approving such acquisition.

In order to induce the Lender
to provide the loan contemplated pursuant to the Note, Emil Assentato entered into a Voting Agreement with the Company and the Lender
agreeing to vote his shares in support of any transaction provided by the Lender. The Company and the Lender have agreed that 100% of
all loan balances including loans payable to Emil Assentato by the Company will be recorded on the books of the Company as a bona fide
debt of the Company, of which 30% of such debt will be paid within nine (9) months of the Effective Date and the balance to be repaid
within twenty-four (24) months of the Effective Date.

East Asia

On August 1, 2024, the
Company issued a Senior Unsecured Promissory Note (the “East Asia Note”) in the principal amount of $515,000 to East
Asia Technology Investments Limited (“East Asia”) in consideration of cash proceeds in the amount of $412,075. The East
Asia Note bears interest of 12.0% per annum and is due and payable six months after issuance. As an additional inducement to provide
the loan as outlined under East Asia Note, the Company issued East Asia a Stock Purchase Warrant (“East Asia Warrant”)
to acquire 175,000 shares of common stock at a per share price of $2.00 for a term of five years that may be exercised on a cash or
cashless basis. East Asia shall have the right to convert the principal and interest payable under the East Asia Note into shares of
common stock of the Company at a per share conversion price of $2.00.

Vallis/Worsley

On November 8, 2024, the Company entered into Settlement Agreement
and Release with each of Craig Vallis and Oliver Worsley providing that the Company will issue 125,000 and 75,000 shares of common stock,
respectively, in consideration of each party releasing the Company for compensation owed for services.

Standby Equity Purchase Agreement

On December 3, 2024, the Company entered into the Standby Equity Purchase
Agreement (“SEPA”) with YA II PN, LTD, a Cayman Islands exempt limited partnership (the “Investor”) pursuant to
which the Company has the right to sell to the Investor up to $10 million of shares of its common stock, subject to certain limitations
and conditions set forth in the SEPA, from time to time during the term of the SEPA. Sales of the shares of common stock to the Investor
under the SEPA, and the timing of any such sales, are at the Company’s option, and the Company is under no obligation to sell any
shares of common stock to the Investor under the SEPA except in connection with notices that may be submitted by the Investor, in certain
circumstances as described below.

In connection with the SEPA, and subject to the conditions set forth
therein, the Investor has agreed to advance to the Company in the form of convertible promissory notes (the “Convertible Notes”)
an aggregate principal amount of $2.0 million (the “Pre-Paid Advance”), which was to be advanced to the Company in three tranches.
The first tranche of the Pre-Paid Advance, in the amount of $0.50 million, was disbursed to the Company on December 3, 2024 (the “YA
Note”). On December 19, 2024, the Company and YA II PN Ltd. (the “Investor”) entered into a Termination Agreement pursuant
to which the SEPA and the Registration Rights Agreement were terminated provided that such termination had no effect or bearing on, and
shall in no way alter in any way the YA Note or any portion of the SEPA or the Registration Rights Agreement related to the Note, or any
rights of the Investor or obligations of the Company related to the Note.

Private Placement - December 2024

On December 18, 2024, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase
Agreement with an accredited investor (the “Securities Purchase Agreement”) for a private placement (the “Private Placement”)
pursuant to which the investor (the “Purchaser”) agreed to purchase from the Company 1,666,666 units for an aggregate purchase
price of $10,000,000 or a per unit price of $6.00 with each unit consisting of (i) one share (the “Shares”) of common stock,
par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company (the “Common Stock”) and (ii) a common stock purchase warrant to purchase up to
one and one half shares of Common Stock (the “Common Warrant”). At the discretion of the Purchaser, it may elect to acquire
one pre-funded common stock purchase warrant in lieu of one Share (the “Pre-Funded Warrant”). Each Share and accompanying
Common Warrant is being sold together at a combined offering price of $6.00 per Share and Common Warrant. The Pre-Funded Warrant is immediately
exercisable, at a nominal exercise price of $0.0001 per share, and may be exercised at any time until the Pre-Funded Warrant is fully
exercised. The Common Warrant will have an exercise price of $6.00 per share, are immediately exercisable on a cash or cashless basis
and will expire five (5) years from the date of issuance. The Units were priced in excess of the average Nasdaq Official Closing Price
of the Company’s common stock (as reflected on Nasdaq.com) for the five trading days immediately preceding the signing of the Securities
Purchase Agreement. The Private Placement closed on December 20, 2024.

43

The Securities Purchase Agreement contains customary representations,
warranties and agreements of the Company and the Purchaser and customary indemnification rights and obligations of the parties thereto.
Pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement, the Company is required to register the resale of the Shares and the shares issuable upon
exercise of the Common Warrant and the Pre-Funded Warrant. The Company is required to prepare and file a registration statement with the
Securities and Exchange Commission within 15 days of the date of the Securities Purchase Agreement (the “Filing Deadline”)
and to use commercially reasonable efforts to have the registration statement declared effective within 45 days of the closing of the
Private Placement or 75 days in the event of a full review (the “Effectiveness Deadline”). In certain circumstances including,
but not limited to, if the Company misses the Filing Deadline or the Effectiveness Deadline, then the Company will be required to pay
to the Purchasers an amount in cash, as partial liquidated damages and not as a penalty, equal to the product of 5.0% multiplied by the
aggregate purchase price.

Pursuant to a Placement Agency Agreement, dated December 18, 2024,
between the Company and Dawson James Securities Inc. (the “Placement Agent”) entered into in connection with the Private Offering,
the Placement Agent acted as the sole placement agent for the Private Placement and the Company has paid customary placement fees to the
Placement Agent, including a cash fee equal to 7.0% of the gross proceeds raised in the Private Placement and 4.0% on all proceeds from
the exercise of the Common Warrants. Pursuant to the Placement Agency Agreement, the Company has also agreed to reimburse certain expenses
of the Placement Agent incurred in connection with the Private Placement.

Equity Compensation 

In order to compensate various executive officers, directors and consultants
of the Company who have provided services to the Company for an extended period of time with limited compensation, the Company issued
an aggregate of 1,337,500 restricted stock grants consisting of restricted shares of common stock under its stock incentive plans on December
16, 2024 prior to the market opened on such date of which Menachem Shalom received 500,000 shares of common stock, Anastasiia Kotaieva
received 150,000 shares of common stock and each of the directors of the Company received 10,000 shares of common stock. To date, prior
to the restricted stock grant, the directors of the Company have not received any compensation for their service and Mr. Shalom has not
received an equity award for his service. The shares of common stock were issued without registration under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the “Securities Act”) pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities
Act. The sale of the shares of common stock did not involve any public offering and each participant either received or had access to
adequate information the Company. No advertising or general solicitation was made in connection with the issuance of the shares of common
stock.

Item 6. [Reserved]

44

Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations.

The following discussion
and analysis summarizes the significant factors affecting our financial condition, operating results, liquidity and cash flows as of and
for the periods presented below. The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements
and related notes thereto included elsewhere in this report. The discussion contains forward-looking statements that are based on the
beliefs of management, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, management. Actual results could differ
materially from those discussed in or implied by forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those discussed
below and elsewhere in this report, particularly in the sections titled “Risk Factors” and “Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements.”

Unless the context otherwise
requires, references in this “Management’s Discussion and Anlalysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations”
to “Nukkleus”, “we”, “us”, “our”, and the “Company” are intended to refer
to (i) following the Business Combination (as defined below), the business and operations of Nukkleus, Inc and its consolidated subsidiaries,
and (ii) prior to the Business Combination, Old Nukk (the predecessor entity in existence prior to the consummation of the Business Combination)
and its consolidated subsidiaries.

Overview

We are a financial technology
company was historically focused on providing software, technology solutions, customer sales and marketing, and risk management technology
hardware and software solutions packages for the worldwide retail foreign exchange (“FX”) trading industry and payment services
from one fiat currency to another or to digital assets.

In January 2024, we ceased
providing our general support services to customers, terminating our existing customer and supplier contracts with a related party, and
shifted our focus to our payment services business. In November 2024, we entered into a Settlement Agreement and Release (the “Settlement
Agreement”) with a shareholder and one of our subsidiaries to sell the subsidiary that operates the payment services business to
the shareholder in consideration of GBP 1,000 (approximately $1,338 at September 30, 2024).

In December 2024, we entered
into a Securities Purchase Agreement and Call Option (the “Star Agreement”) with Star 26 Capital Inc. (“Star”),
the shareholders of Star (“Star Equity Holders”) and an officer of Nukkleus, acting in his capacity as the representative
of the Star Equity Holders, to acquire a controlling 51% interest in Star, an Israeli corporation engaged as a supplier of generators
for “iron dome” launchers and other defense products.

As a result of the Settlement
Agreement and subject to the closing of the acquisition of Star, our business will be focused on the defense sector.

Recent Developments

Executive Change:

On July 24, 2024, The Company’s Chief Executive Officer (the “Original CEO”) resigned from his management position
at the Company and from the Board. The Chief Operating Officer, and a director of the Company, was appointed as the new Chief Executive
Officer (the “New CEO”) effective July 24, 2024. Effective September 4, 2024, the New CEO resigned from his position as Chief
Executive Officer and from the Board, and another individual was appointed as Chief Executive Officer (the “Current CEO”)
as well as being appointed to the Board.  

Reverse stock split:

Effective October 24, 2024, the Company amended its amended and restated certificate of incorporation to implement a one-for-eight reverse
stock split of its common stock (the “2024 Reverse Stock Split”) and increase the number of authorized shares of the Company’s
common stock from 40,000,000 to 150,000,000.

45

Conversion Agreement:

On November 8, 2024, the Company entered into a Conversion Agreement (the “Conversion Agreement”) with the Lender, as later
amended on November 14, 2024, to convert outstanding principal and interest totaling $771,085 payable under the Lender’s convertible
notes payable into 319,952 shares of the Company’s common stock. Pursuant to the Conversion Agreement, the Company issued an additional
warrant to purchase 351,424 shares of the Company’s common stock exercisable for a period of five years at an exercise price of
$2.41 per share (the “November 2024 Warrant”) in exchange for the cancellation of the Lender’s convertible notes payable.
Further, the Company and the Lender entered into a letter agreement providing that the Lender may not exercise the June 2024 Warrant in
the event such exercise would result in the Lender holding in excess of 19.9% of the Company’s outstanding shares of common stock
as of November 8, 2024.

Sales of Securities:

On November 8, 2024 and November 18, 2024, the Company entered into securities purchase agreements pursuant to which the Company sold
110,707 and 138,556 shares of the Company’s common stock at a purchase price of $2.09456 and 1.7765 per share, respectively, for
aggregate gross proceeds of $231,882 and $246,145, respectively. The purchase price per share includes a 5.0% discount from the closing
price of the Company as listed on Nasdaq as of the business day immediately prior to the closing date of each securities purchase agreement.

Disposition of Subsidiary:

On November 8, 2024, the Company entered into a Settlement Agreement and Release (the “Settlement Agreement”) with a shareholder
of the Company and a subsidiary of the Company to sell the subsidiary to the shareholder or his nominee subject to the Company obtaining
shareholder approval (the “Settlement Agreement”). The Settlement Agreement requires the Company to pay $61,000 to the shareholder
of the Company by November 15, 2024. As required by the Settlement Agreement, a Share Purchase Agreement was entered into between the
same parties dated December 23, 2024 providing that the Company, subject to it obtaining shareholder approval, will sell the subsidiary
to the officer of the Company in consideration of GBP 1,000 (approximately $1,338 at September 30, 2024). In accordance with the terms
of the Settlement Agreement, separate settlement agreements were entered into with two shareholders of the Company, pursuant to which
the Company will issue an aggregate 200,000 shares of the Company’s common stock in consideration of each party releasing the Company
for compensation owed for services.

Exit and Settlement
Agreement:
 On November 8, 2024, the Company entered into an exit and settlement agreement (the “Exit and Settlement Agreement”)
with three directors of the Board, under which each director resigned effective immediately. As required by the Exit and Settlement Agreement,
the Company issued 46,700 fully vested shares of the Company common stock to each former direct in exchange for past services rendered.

Bylaws Amendment:

On November 8, 2024, the Board approved an amendment to the Company’s Bylaws to decrease the quorum requirement from a majority
to one-third of the voting power that was effective immediately.

Standby Equity Purchase
Agreement:
 On December 3, 2024, the Company entered into the Standby Equity Purchase Agreement (“SEPA”) with an investor
(the “Investor”) pursuant to which the Company has the right, at its option, to sell to the Investor up to $10 million of
shares of the Company’s common stock, subject to certain limitations and conditions set forth in the SEPA, during the term of the
SEPA. In connection with the SEPA, the Investor agreed to advance to the Company in the form of convertible promissory notes (the “SEPA
Convertible Notes”) an aggregate principal amount of $2.0 million, which was to be advanced to the Company in three tranches. The
first tranche of $500,000, was disbursed to the Company on December 3, 2024 (the “December 2024 Note”).

On December 19, 2024, the Company and the Investor
entered into a Termination Agreement pursuant to which the SEPA and the Registration Rights Agreement were terminated. Accordingly, the
Investor’s obligation to advance the Company additional amounts ceased.

Securities Purchase
Agreement:
 On December 15, 2024, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement and Call Option with Star 26 Capital
Inc. (“Star”), the shareholders of Star (“Star Equity Holders”) and an officer of the Company acting in his capacity
as the representative of the Star Equity Holders, (the “Star Agreement”) to acquire a controlling 51% interest in Star, an
Israeli corporation engaged as a supplier of generators for “iron dome” launchers and other defense products, in exchange
for an aggregate investment of $15,000,000 that consists of:

●

A minimum amount of $5,000,000 in cash, less the amounts owed pursuant to Seller Notes, which shall be forgiven and cancelled as of the closing of the transaction

46

●

a promissory note  in the principal amount of $10,000,000, which shall be reduced if the Company provides cash in excess of $5,000,000 maturing in 12 months following the closing (the “Investment Note”)

●

2,385,170 shares of the Company’s common stock issued to the Star Equity Holders which shall constitute approximately 29.75% of the issued and outstanding capital of the Company on a fully diluted basis, excluding the out of the money warrants

●

6,907,859 stock purchase warrants with a five year term and an exercise price of $1.50 per share

The Star Equity Holders granted the Company an
option (the “Option”) to purchase the balance of their equity in Star (49.0%) for an aggregate $16,084,250 (the “Option
Exercise Price”) in consideration for the issuance to the Star Equity Holders five-year stock purchase warrants to purchase an aggregate
of 720,000 shares of the Company’s common stock with an exercise price of $1.50 per share. The Option Exercise Price to be paid
by the Company to the Star Equity Holders consists of

●

$3,000,000 in cash,

●

a promissory note in the principal amount of $3,000,000, which accrues interest at 8.0% per annum and is due and payable six months after the issuance thereof, 

●

2,385,170 shares of the Company’s common stock issued to the Star Equity Holders

●

5,109,789 stock purchase warrants with a five-year term and an exercise price of $1.50 per share

If, for a period of 12 months after the closing
of the Star Agreement, the Company’s shares of common stock are delisted from Nasdaq, Star shall have the right, at its own discretion,
to require the Company to exchange the Investment Note for all the shares of Star then held by the Company, provided, however, the Option
shall be automatically cancelled and Star shall retain any cash payments made by the Company to Star and the Company shall retain an equity
interest in Star equivalent to all cash payments. The closing of the Transaction is subject to customary closing conditions, including
regulatory approvals, third-party consents, fairness opinion, and approval by the Company’s shareholders as required under applicable
Nasdaq listing rules.

If the Star Agreement is canceled because stockholder
approval was not obtained within 90-days after the date of the Star Agreement and the failure was a result of the Company failing to perform
or observe the covenants or agreements of the Company provided for in the terms of the Star Agreement, the Seller is entitled to damages
of $1,000,000 from the Company.

As a result of the Settlement Agreement and subject
to the closing of the acquisition of Star, the Company’s business will be focused on the defense sector.

Private
Placement:

On December 18, 2024, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with an accredited investor (the
“Securities Purchase Agreement”) for a private placement (the “Private Placement”) pursuant to which the
investor (the “Purchaser”) agreed to purchase from the Company 1,666,666 units for an aggregate purchase price of
$10,000,000 or a per unit price of $6.00 with each unit consisting of (i) one share (the “Shares”) of the
Company’s common stock and (ii) a stock purchase warrant to purchase up to one and one half shares of the Company’s
common stock (the “December 2024 PIPE Warrant”). At the discretion of the Purchaser, it may elect to acquire one
pre-funded common stock purchase warrant in lieu of one Share (the “Pre-Funded Warrant”). Each Share and accompanying
December 2024 PIPE Warrant is being sold together at a combined offering price of $6.00 per Share and December 2024 PIPE Warrant.
The Pre-Funded Warrant is immediately exercisable, at a nominal exercise price of $0.0001 per share, and may be exercised at any
time until the Pre-Funded Warrant is fully exercised. The December 2024 PIPE Warrant will have an exercise price of $6.00 per share,
are immediately exercisable on a cash or cashless basis and will expire five years from the date of issuance. The Units were priced
in excess of the average Nasdaq Official Closing Price of the Company’s common stock for the five trading days immediately
preceding the signing of the Securities Purchase Agreement. The Private Placement closed on December 20, 2024.

47

The Company is required to prepare and file a
registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 15 days of the date of the Securities Purchase Agreement (the
“Filing Deadline”) and to use commercially reasonable efforts to have the registration statement declared effective within
45 days of the closing of the Private Placement or 75 days in the event of a full review (the “Effectiveness Deadline”). In
certain circumstances including, but not limited to, if the Company misses the Filing Deadline or the Effectiveness Deadline, then the
Company will be required to pay to the Purchasers an amount in cash, as partial liquidated damages and not as a penalty, equal to the
product of 5.0% multiplied by the aggregate purchase price.

Pursuant to a Placement Agency Agreement (the
“PAA”), dated December 18, 2024, between the Company the placement agent entered into in connection with the Private Offering,
the Company has paid customary placement fees to the placement agent, including a cash fee equal to 7.0% of the gross proceeds raised
in the Private Placement and 4.0% on all proceeds from the exercise of the December 2024 PIPE Warrants. Pursuant to the PAA, the Company
has also agreed to reimburse certain expenses of the placement agent incurred in connection with the Private Placement.

Incentive Equity Grants:

On December 16, 2024, the Company issued an aggregate of 1,337,500 restricted stock grants consisting of restricted shares of common stock
under its stock incentive plans to various executive officers, directors and consultants of the Company who have provided services to
the Company for an extended period of time with limited compensation.

Comparability of Financial Information

Our historical operations
and statements of assets and liabilities may not be comparable to our operations and statements of assets and liabilities as a result
of the Business Combination and becomes a public company.

Business Combination and Public Company Costs

On December 22, 2023, we
consummated the merger contemplated by the Business Combination, with Old Nukk surviving the merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary or Brilliant.

Upon the closing of the Business
Combination, Brilliant’s certificate of incorporation was amended and restated to, among other things, set the total number of authorized
shares of capital to 55,000,000 shares, of which 40,000,000 shares were designated common stock, $0.0001 par value per share, and of which
15,000,000 shares were designated preferred stock, $0.0001 par value per share.

Upon the consummation of
the Business Combination, each share of Old Nukk common stock issued and outstanding was cancelled and converted into the right to receive
a pro-rata portion of 1,312,494 shares of the Company’s common stock. Additionally, a backstop pool of 26,668, 40% of the aggregate
number of Brilliant Ordinary shares and Brilliant Rights in accordance with the terms of the merger agreement, was issued to certain
holders of Brilliant Ordinary Shares, Brilliant Rights, and Brilliant Warrants.

Old Nukk was deemed the accounting
acquirer in the Business Combination based on an analysis of the criteria outlined in Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”)
805. The determination was primarily based on Old Nukk’s shareholders prior to the Business Combination having a majority of the
voting interests in the combined company, Old Nukk’s ability to exert control over the majority of the board of directors of the
combined company, and given the board of directors election and retention provisions, Old Nukk’s ability to maintain control of
the board of directors on a go-forward basis, Old Nukk’s senior management comprising the senior management of the combined company;
and old Nukk’s operations prior to the Business Combination comprising the ongoing operations of the combined company. Accordingly,
for accounting purposes, the Business Combination was treated as the equivalent of Old Nukk issuing stock for the net assets of Brilliant,
accompanied by a recapitalization. The net assets of Brilliant are stated at historical cost, with no goodwill or other intangible assets
recorded.

48

As a result of the Business
Combination, we became a Nasdaq listed company, which will require us to hire additional personnel and implement procedures to address
public company regulatory requirements and customary practices. We expect to incur annual expenses as a public company for, among other
things, directors’ and officers’ liability insurance, director fees and additional internal and external accounting, legal
and administrative resources, including increased audit, compliance and legal fees.

Key Business Metrics

The key performance
indicators outlined below are our financial services metrics that provide management with the most immediate understanding of the drivers
of business performance and tracking of financial targets.

Years Ended September 30,

Performance Indicator

2024

2023

Trading volume

$
216,033,984

$
432,114,695

Financial services revenue

$
1,113,461

$
2,097,642

Financial services profit (loss)

$
848,516

$
(768,141
)

Average cost per trade

$
170

$
503

Average trade

138,929

75,863

Number of trades

1,555

5,696

Active clients

88

217

Clients removed

15

12

Gross trading margin

0.5
%

0.5
%

Gross margin

76.2
%

(36.6
)%

Trading volume. 
We
define trading volume as the total U.S. dollar equivalent value of spot matched trades transacted between a buyer and seller through our
platform during the period of measurement. Trading Volume represents the product of the quantity of assets transacted and the trade price
at the time the transaction was executed. As trading activity directly impacts transaction revenue, we believe this measure is a reflection
of liquidity on our order books, trading health, and the underlying growth of the digital assets economy.

Generally, Trading Volume
on our platform is primarily influenced by the price of digital assets, digital asset volatility, and macroeconomic conditions. In periods
of high digital asset prices and digital asset volatility, we have experienced correspondingly high levels of Trading Volumes on our platform.

Financial services revenue

represents the top-line revenue generated from trades, before considering the costs associated with the generation of financial services
revenue.

Financial services profit
(loss)
 is measured as financial services revenue, less costs which include amortization of intangible assets   which consist
of license and banking infrastructure acquired on Match acquisition, introducing broker fees, banking, and trading fees incurred associated
with delivery of our services. These intangible assets have been fully amortized as of September 30, 2023. For the year ended September
30, 2024, we saw a 50.0% decrease in trading volume over the year ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in trading volume had a similar
effect on all other KPIs.

Average cost per trade

is driven by financial services costs. Our average cost per trade decreased significantly as a direct result of zero amortization
of intangible assets included in direct costs for the year ended September 30, 2024, as these assets have been fully amortized as of
prior year.   

Active clients

represents the total number of clients that transacted within our financial services segment throughout the report period. For the
years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we had 88 and 217 active clients, respectively.

49

Gross trading margin 
is a metric that measures financial
services revenue to trading volume.

Components of Results of Operations

Revenue 
consists of
general support services revenue and financial services revenue.

General support services
revenue
 represents general support services revenue earned from an affiliate who has engaged us to provide general support services,
including operational reporting and technical support infrastructure, website hosting and marketing solutions, accounting maintenance,
risk monitoring services, new account processing and customer care and continued support. Support services revenue is provided for in
the contract with the affiliate and recognized over the period the general support services are rendered.

Financial services revenue

represents transaction revenue earned from customers who submit requests to process a payment to a third party, often involving exchanging
one fiat currency to another or to a digital asset as part of the transaction. Transaction revenue is generated primarily from transaction
fees applied to the amount of the transaction requested by the customer. The transaction fee earned is based on the price and quantity
of the fiat or digital asset that is converted. Financial services revenue is recognized at the time the transaction completes. Financial
services revenue is directly correlated with Trading Volume, which is driven by the number of conversion transactions requested by customers.

Cost of revenues 
consists
of cost of revenue – general support services and cost of revenue – financial services.

Cost of revenue - general
support services
 consists of costs paid to an affiliate that performs the general support services for our customer.

Cost of revenue
– financial services
 consists of costs of completing our payment processing transactions, including broker fees, banking, and
trading fees incurred associated with our financial services revenue. Additionally, for the year ended September 30, 2023, cost of financial
services also included amortization of intangible assets which consist of license and banking infrastructure from an acquisition.

Operating expenses

consist of advertising, professional fees, compensation and related
benefits, amortization of intangible assets, other general and administrative, and impairment loss.

Advertising
 consists
of advertising program costs. Advertising costs are expensed as incurred.

Professional fees

consists of professional services, such as audit fees, legal service fees, advisory fees, and consulting fees., and software subscriptions
for support services.

Compensation and related
benefits
 consists of personnel related expenses incurred in operating our business, including cash compensation and our benefit programs.

Amortization of intangible
assets
 consists of amortization expense recorded on acquired intangible assets with a definite useful life.

Bad debt expense –
related parties consists
 of affiliate receivable balances that were written off after we expended exhaustive efforts at collection
and have determined the associated balance to be uncollectible. Because this component fluctuates with market conditions, bad debt expense
can vary widely between periods.

50

Other general and administrative

consists of personnel-related expenses incurred to support our business, including executive, customer support, compliance, finance, human
resources, legal, and other support operations, and include rent, filing fee, platform fee, travel and entertainment, miscellaneous taxes,
and other miscellaneous items.

Impairment loss
 consists
of impairment losses recognized on long-lived assets where there was a triggering event that indicated a long-lived assets carrying amount
may not be recoverable. The impairment loss represents the amount the carrying value exceeds the fair value. Because these components
fluctuate with market conditions, impairment loss can vary widely between periods.

Other (expense) income,
net
 consists of interest expense, gain (loss) on extinguishment of liabilities, and other income.

Interest expense
 on
debt include fixed interest rates, as well as amortization of debt discounts and issuance costs.

Gain (loss) on extinguishment
of liabilities
 consists of liabilities with unrelated parties, including accounts payable and debt, where the carrying
value of the liability exceeded or were less than, respectively, the fair value of the consideration transferred. Additionally, certain
liabilities  with related parties based on the facts and circumstances of each transaction would also be recognized as
a gain (loss) on extinguishment as a component of other (expense) income, net.

Because these components
fluctuate with market conditions, other (expense) income, net can vary widely between periods.

Results of Operations

The following table summaries the historical consolidated statements
of operations data:

September 30,

September 30,

Changes in

2024

2023

Amount

Percentage

Revenue:

Revenue – general support services – related party

$
4,800,000

$
19,200,000

$
(14,400,000
)

(75.0
)%

Revenue – financial services

1,113,461

2,097,642

(984,181
)

(46.9
)%

Total revenues

5,913,461

21,297,642

(15,384,181
)

(72.2
)%

Cost of revenue:

Cost of revenue – general support services – related party

4,650,000

18,775,000

(14,125,000
)

(75.2
)%

Cost of revenue – financial services

264,945

2,685,783

(2,600,838
)

(90.8
)%

Total cost of revenues

4,914,945

21,640,783

(16,725,838
)

(77.3
)%

Operating expenses:

Advertising

44,488

55,889

(11,401
)

(20.4
%)

Professional fees

6,734,162

2,423,773

4,310,389

177.8
%

Compensation and benefits

958,648

822,625

136,023

16.5
%

Amortization of intangible assets

13,813

273,711

(259,898
)

(95.0
)%

Bad debt expense – related parties

6,141,000

1,179,772

4,961,228

420.5
%

Other general and administrative

893,198

449,988

433,210

98.5
%

Impairment loss

391,217

11,914,322

(11,523,105
)

(96.7
)%

Total operating expenses

15,176,526

17,120,080

(1,943,554
)

(11.4
)%

Other (expense) income, net

Interest expense

(343,333
)

-

(343,333
)

100
%

Interest expense – related parties

(206,733
)

(1,776
)

(204,957
)

11,540.4
%

Loss on extinguishment of vendor obligations

(288,835
)

-

(288,835
)

100
%

Gain on extinguishment of vendor obligations

211,200

-

211,200

100
%

Gain on termination of GSS GSA – related party

6,082,962

-

6,082,962

100
%

Gain on extinguishment of due to affiliates

192,069

-

192,069

100
%

Other income

12,160

36,569

(24,409
)

(66.7
)%

Total other (expense) income, net

5,659,490

34,793

5,624,697

16,166.2
%

Net loss

$
(8,518,520
)

$
(17,428,428
)

$
8,909,908

(51.1
)%

51

Comparison For the Year Ended September 30, 2024 Versus the Year
Ended September 30, 2023

Revenues

For the years ended September
30, 2024, we had revenue from general support services decreased $14,400,000, or 75.0%. The decrease was attributable to the customer
contract being terminated January 1, 2024.

For the year ended September
30, 2024, financial services revenue decreased $984,181, or 46.9%. The decrease was attributable to a significant decrease in financial
services revenue resulting from the closure of our primary USD Banking rails when Signature and Silvergate closed in March 2023.

Costs of Revenues

For the year ended September
30, 2024, our cost of general support services decreased $14,125,000, or 75.2%. The decrease was attributable to the supplier contract
being terminated January 1, 2024.

For the year ended September
30, 2024, cost of financial services amounted to $264,945, as compared to $2,865,783 for the year ended September 30, 2023, a decrease
of $2,600,838, or 90.8%. The decrease was primarily attributable to the $2,106,404 of amortization expense attributed to acquired intangible
that were fully amortized during the year ended September 30, 2023. The remaining decrease of $494,434 was primarily attributable to the
overall decrease in trading activity during the year ended September 30, 2024.

Gross Profit (Loss)

While our gross margin from
general support services for the year ended September 30, 2024 decreased $275,000, or 64.7%, from the year ended September 30, 2023, our
gross margin percentage increased to 3.1% for the year ended September 30, 2024 from 2.2% for the year ended September 30, 2023. The increase
in our gross margin percentage for the general support services for the year ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the year ended September
30, 2023 was attributed to the $25,000 monthly decrease in our cost of general support services which took effect May 1, 2023.

Our gross margin from financial
services for the year ended September 30, 2024 increased $1,616,657 from the year ended September 30, 2023, an improvement of 210.5%.
Gross margin increased to 76.2% for the year ended September 30, 2024 from (36.6)% for the year ended September 30, 2023. The increase
in our gross margin percentage for the financial services for the year ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the year ended September
30, 2023 was primarily attributed to the decrease in cost for financial services driven by the $2,106,404 of amortization expense of acquired
intangible assets during the year ended September 30, 2023 that did not recur during the year ended September 30, 2023 as an impairment
loss that was recorded during the year ended September 30, 2023 on the associated acquired intangible assets reduced the carrying value
of the acquired intangible assets to zero. When this is excluded from the year ended September 30, 2023 results, the gross margin has
decreased $489,747, or 36.6%, while our gross margin percentage has increased to 76.2% for the year ended September 30, 2024 from 63.8%
for the year ended September 30, 2023. The resulting increase in our gross margin percentages was primarily attributable to a slight decrease
in introducing broker fees during the year ended September 30, 2024.

52

Operating Expenses

Advertising

For the year ended September
30, 2024, advertising expense decreased by $11,401, or 20.4%, as compared to the year ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily
attributable to our decreased advertising activities within our financial services segment. We expect that our advertising expense will
continue to decrease in future periods considering the pending disposal of our financial services segment.

Professional fees

For the year ended September
30, 2024, professional fees increased by $4,310,389, or 177.8%, as compared to the year ended September 30, 2023. The significant increase
was primarily attributable to an increase in advisory service fees of $3,648,100, consulting fees of approximately $697,000, and legal
fees of approximately $280,000 attributed to additional costs associated with the December 2023 business combination, offset by a decrease
audit fees of approximately $206,000 attributed to one time costs attributed to transitioning from a private company to a public company.
We expect that our professional fees will increase in the near future as consultancy agreements were entered into during the fourth quarter
with outsourced executives and other personnel of the Company that we anticipate to be in place for the entire fiscal year 2025.

Compensation and related benefits

For the year ended September
30, 2024, our compensation and related benefits increased by $136,023, or 16.5%, as compared to the year ended September 30, 2023. The
increase was mainly attributable to increased management and personnel in our financial services segment. We expect that our compensation
and related benefits will decrease significantly considering the pending disposal of our financial services segment. However, we expect
an overall increase in compensation expenses in the near future for certain executives, directors and other personnel outside of our financial
services segment.

Amortization of intangible assets

For the year ended September 30, 2024, our amortization of intangible
assets decreased by $259,898, or 95.0%, as compared to the year ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was mainly attributable
to the impairment loss recorded on our acquired intangible assets during the year ended September 30, 2023 that reduced the carrying value
of the acquired intangible assets to zero. We expect that our amortization of intangible assets will increase in the near future if the
pending acquisition of Star completes during fiscal year 2025.

Bad debt expense – related parties

For the year ended September
30, 2024, our bad debt expense – related parties increased by $4,961,228, or 420.5%, as compared to the year ended September 30,
2023. The increase was mainly attributable to the write-off of a significant receivable in relation to the terminated GSA agreement. This
increase in bad debt expense included $4,800,000 in revenues for the year ended September 30, 2024, as well as a portion of revenues recognized
during the year ended September 30, 2023, which were never collected.

Other general and administrative expenses

For the year ended September
30, 2024, total other general and administrative expenses increased by $443,210, or 98.5%, as compared to the year ended September 30,
2023. The increase was mainly attributable to additional costs associated with operating as a public company, including an increase in
D&O insurance of approximately $202,000, filing fees of approximately $265,000, and an increase in compliance fees of approximately
$29,000, offset by a decrease in rent of approximately $10,000. We expect that other general and administrative expenses will increase
in the near future if the pending acquisition of Star completes during fiscal year 2025.

53

Impairment loss

At each reporting period end, we assessed our long-lived assets for
any impairment and concluded that there were indicators of impairment as of September 30, 2024 and 2023 and determined that the estimated
undiscounted cash flows related to certain long-lived assets were less than their carrying amounts for both periods. For the years ended
September 30, 2024 and 2023, we considered the investee’s series of operating losses and global economic environment, and recognized
an impairment loss of $391,217 and $6,210,783 for the year ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. For the year ended September
30, 2023, we were not able to realize the financial projections provided by an entity acquired at the time of the intangible assets purchase
and determined to recognize an impairment loss of $5,703,539, reducing the carrying value of the acquired intangible assets to zero. These
impairment losses for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 totaled $391,217 and $11,914,322, respectively, a decrease of $11,523,105,
or 96.7%.

Other (Expense) Income

Other (expense) income includes
loss from equity method investment and other miscellaneous income (expense).

For the year ended September
30, 2024, other income, net, increased $5,624,697, or 16,166.2%, as compared to the year ended September 30, 2023. The increase was attributable
to a gain on termination of GSS GSA agreement – related parties of approximately $6,083,000, an increase in gain on settlement of
due to affiliates of approximately $192,000, and a decrease in foreign currency exchange gains of approximately $24,000, offset by a net
loss on settlement of vendor obligations of approximately $77,000, an increase in interest expense on debt-related parties of approximately
$205,000, an increase in interest expense due to amortization of debt discounts on convertible and non-convertible notes of approximately
$316,000, and an increase in interest expense on convertible and non-convertible notes of approximately $27,000.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

We believe that our existing
cash, exclusive of customer custodial cash, and the $10.0 million we raised through the sale of our common stock and stock purchase warrants
to investors in December 2024 through a private placement will be sufficient in both the short and long term to meet our requirements
and plans for cash, including meeting our working capital and capital expenditure requirements. Our ability to meet our requirements and
plans for cash, including meeting our working capital and capital expenditure requirements, will depend on many factors, including completing
the acquisition of a controlling interest of Star, the successful integration of Star into our operations, our growth, our ability to
shift from financial services sector to defense sector, attracting and retaining key employees, and overall economic conditions. We anticipate
satisfying our short-term cash requirements with our existing cash and the $10.0 million raised in the December 2024 private placement
and may satisfy our long-term cash requirements with cash on hand or with proceeds from a future equity or debt financing.

To the extent that current
and anticipated future sources of liquidity are insufficient to fund our future business activities and cash and other requirements, we
may be required to seek additional equity or debt financing. The sale of additional equity would result in additional dilution to our
stockholders. The incurrence of additional debt financing would result in debt service obligations and the instruments governing such
debt could provide for operating and financing covenants that would restrict our operations. Even if debt financing is available, the
cost of additional financing may be significantly higher than our current debt.

54

Cash Flows 

The following summarizes
the key components of our cash flows for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023:

Years Ended 
 September 30,

2024

2023

Net cash used in operating activities

$
(3,818,443
)

$
(1,232,382
)

Net cash provided be (used in) investing activities

132,826

(1,109,936
)

Net cash provided by financing activities

3,000,403

418,316

Effect of exchange rate on cash

28,854

231,404

Net decrease in cash

$
(656,360
)

$
(1,692,598

Operating activities

Net cash flow used in operating
activities for the year ended September 30, 2024 was $3,818,474, which primarily reflected our consolidated net loss of approximately
$8,519,000, adjusted for changes in working capital accounts and certain non-cash expense of approximately $894,000 (including a net loss
on extinguishment of vendor obligations of approximately $77,000, a gain on extinguishment of due to affiliates of approximately $192,000,
amortization of debt discount and issuance costs of approximately $316,000, amortization of intangible assets of approximately $14,000,
bad debt expense – related parties of approximately $6,141,000 gain from termination of GSS GSA agreement – related parties
of approximately $6,083,000, and impairment of long-lived assets of approximately $391,000).

Net cash flow used in operating
activities for the year ended September 30, 2023 was $1,232,382, which primarily reflected our consolidated net loss of approximately
$17,428,000, adjusted for changes in working capital accounts and certain non-cash expense of approximately $15,856,000 (including amortization
of intangible assets of approximately $2,380,000, stock-based compensation of approximately $371,000, provision for bad debt – related
party of approximately $1,180,000, and impairment of long-lived assets of approximately $11,922,000).

Investing activities

Net cash flow provided by
investing activities was $132,826 for the year ended September 30, 2024 as compared to net cash flow used in investing activities of $1,109,936
for the year ended September 30, 2023. During the year ended September 30, 2024, we received approximately $133,000 of proceeds from a
related party who repaid the outstanding balance of the note receivable. During the year ended September 30, 2023, we advanced monies
to affiliates under note receivable – related parties of approximately $1,921,000 and acquired intangible asset of approximately
$42,000, offset by repayments from related parties on the outstanding balance of the notes receivable of approximately $853,000.

Financing activities

Net cash flow provided by
financing activities was $3,000,403 for the year ended September 30, 2024, as compared to $418,316 for the year ended September 30, 2023.
During the year ended September 30, 2024, we received cash in relation to reverse recapitalization of approximately $150,000, cash in
relation to proceeds from loan payable – related parties of approximately $2,094,000, cash in relation to proceeds from issuance
of convertible debt and non-convertible debt of approximately $812,000 and $78,000, respectively, offset by repayments of loan payable
– related parties of approximately $134,000. During the year ended September 30, 2023, we received proceeds from loan payable -
related parties of approximately $418,000.

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements

We had no outstanding derivative
financial instruments, off-balance sheet guarantees, interest rate swap transactions or foreign currency contracts. We do not engage in
trading activities involving non-exchange traded contracts.

55

Critical Accounting Estimates

Our consolidated financial
statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation
of consolidated financial statements also requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities,
revenue, costs, and expenses and related disclosures. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions
that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results could differ significantly from our estimates. To the extent
that there are differences between our estimates and actual results, our future financial statement presentation, financial condition,
operating results, and cash flows will be affected.

See Note 3. Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies of the Notes to our consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K
for a summary of significant accounting policies and significant estimates and assumptions and their effects on our financial statements.
Below are the significant estimates and assumptions that we consider critical because they involve a significant amount of estimation
uncertainty and have had or are reasonably likely to have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations.

Acquired intangible assets

We determined that intangible
assets represent critical accounting estimates, as they involve significant judgment, estimates, and assumptions and to the extent that
our estimates and assumptions materially change or if actual circumstances differ from those in the assumptions, our financial statements
could be materially impacted.

Acquired intangible assets
are initially valued at fair value using generally accepted valuation methods appropriate for the type of intangible asset. Intangible
assets with definite lives are amortized over their estimated useful lives and are reviewed for impairment if indicators of impairment
arise. Intangible assets assessed as having indefinite lives are not amortized, but are assessed for indicators that the useful life is
no longer indefinite or for indicators of impairment each period. Indicators we review, as applicable, include whether there has been
a significant adverse change in the extent or manner in which our assets are being used, a significant adverse change in legal factors
affecting our assets, customer attrition, and/or a cash flow loss. Due to the dynamic nature of our business and the regulatory environment
in which we operate, it is not practicable to model sensitivity of the valuation of these assets to these factors. Each reporting period,
we evaluate the estimated remaining useful life of our intangible assets and whether events or changes in circumstances warrant a revision
to the remaining period of amortization. We did not identify indicators of impairment of our intangible assets during the year ended September
30, 2024. We identified indicators of impairment of our acquired intangible assets during the year ended September 30, 2023 and recorded
an impairment loss for $5,703,539, the amount the carrying value of the associated acquired intangible assets exceeded the estimated undiscounted
cash flows associated with the respective acquired intangible assets.

Investments

We hold two investments in
privately held company in the form of equity securities without readily determinable fair values, one of which we do not have a controlling
interest or significant influence in and one of which we do not have a controlling interest but we do have significant influence. The
investment where we do not hold a controlling interest and do not have significant influence in is accounted for under the measurement
alternative method (“the measurement alternative”) and are measured at cost, less impairment, subject to upward and downward
adjustments resulting from observable price changes for identical or similar investments of the same issuer (“pricing adjustments”).
The investment where we do not hold a controlling interest and do have significant influence in is measured at cost and adjusted for our
share of operating results, capital contributions and distributions (referred to as the equity method).

56

We determined that valuation
of privately-held strategic investments represents a critical accounting estimate because impairment evaluations and pricing adjustments
involve significant judgment, estimates, and assumptions, and to the extent that these estimates and assumptions change materially or
if actual circumstances differ from those in the assumptions, our financial statements could be materially impacted.

Pricing adjustments
:
Pricing adjustments require quantitative assessments of the fair value of our strategic investments, which may require the use of unobservable
inputs. Pricing adjustments are determined by using various valuation methodologies and involve the use of estimates using the best information
available, which may include cash flow projections or other available market data.

Impairment:
 Privately-held
strategic investments are evaluated quarterly for impairment. Our qualitative analysis includes a review of indicators such as: operating
results when available, business prospects of the investees, changes in the regulatory and macroeconomic environment, observable price
changes in similar transactions, and general market conditions of the geographical area or industry in which our investees operate. If
indicators of impairment exist, we prepare quantitative measurements of the fair value of our equity investments using an undiscounted
cash flow model that uses unobservable inputs including expected volatility, expected time to liquidity, adjustments for other company-specific
developments, and the rights and obligations of the securities we hold. When the quantitative remeasurements of fair value indicate an
impairment exists, we write down the investment to its current fair value. We identified indicators of impairment of our investments during
the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 and recorded an impairment loss of $391,217 and $6,210,783, respectively. The impairment loss
recognized reduced the carrying value of all investments to zero as of September 30, 2024.

Revenue Recognition

We recognize revenue using
the following five steps: 1) identification of a contract with a customer; 2) identification of the performance obligation(s) in the contract;
3) determination of the transaction price; 4) allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligation(s) in the contract; and
5) recognition of revenue when, or as, the performance obligation(s) are satisfied. The Company’s revenues are derived primarily
from two sources: general support services and financial services. Thus, the Company disaggregates the revenue earned into these two segments.
For additional segment disclosures, refer to Note 19 of our consolidated financial statements. We maintain written agreements that sets
out the terms of the relationship, including payment terms.

For general support services,
the Company generates revenue by providing general support services to an affiliate, which include operational reporting and technical
support infrastructure, website hosting and marketing solutions, accounting maintenance, risk monitoring services, new account processing
and customer care and continued support. Our written agreement for general support services is in the form of a written general services
agreement (“GSA”), which specifies minimum monthly payments. We determined our general support services contain multiple performance
obligations that are combined into one unit of accounting that is satisfied over time and recognizes the associated general support services
revenue as services are rendered.

For financial services, the
Company generates revenue by providing payment processing services, often involving exchanging one fiat currency to another or to a digital
asset as part of the transaction. Our written agreement for financial services is in the form of a written service agreement that outlines
the basis and flow of the various payment services we provide. The service agreement states that a transaction agreement, which sets out
the services to be provided at the transaction level, detailing all transaction fees and payment settlement information, is to be issued
to the client for each instance where the details of an over-the-counter trade to be executed during the conversion/payment settlement
process, are confirmed by both parties. We determined our performance obligation is satisfied at a point in time as our payment services
are delivered for at an individual transaction level, customer contracts are open ended, containing no termination penalty and the pricing
for each transaction is set for each individual transaction based on the price and quantity of the fiat or digital asset that is converted.

57

In connection with our analysis
of principal vs agent considerations, we evaluated the specified services that we provide based o
n
the terms of our written agreements with customers and considered whether we control the services before they are provided to the customer,
including the three indicators of control. Based upon this analysis and our specific facts and circumstances, we concluded that we are

●
the
                                            principal for our general support services because we are contractually obligated to provide
                                            the fulfillment software, technology, customer sales and marketing and risk management technology
                                            hardware and software solutions package to the customer and through a shareholder’s
                                            ownership of the third party contracted to perform the general support services, controls
                                            the services of its supplier. We set the price of the general support services through an
                                            executed contract with the customer and

●
the
                                            agent for our financial services because we do not control the fiat currency or digital asset
                                            being provided before it is transferred to the customer or customer’s beneficiary,
                                            does not have inventory risk related to the fiat currency or digital asset, and is not responsible
                                            for the fulfillment of the fiat currency or digital asset. The price for the fiat currency
                                            or digital asset as the price is a market rate established by users of the platform, accordingly
                                            we do not set the price for the fiat currency or digital asset that is being exchanged.

Therefore,

we report revenue on a gross basis inclusive of all supplier costs for our general support services and on a net basis for our
financial services.

Stock-based Compensation

We account for share-based
payments that involve the issuance of shares of our common stock to employees and nonemployees and meet the criteria for share-based awards
as stock-based compensation expense based on the grant-date fair value of the award. The Company has elected to recognize the adjustment
to stock-based compensation expense in the period in which forfeitures occur. We recognize compensation expense for awards with only service
conditions on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for the entire award.

If factors change, and we
utilize different assumptions including the probability of achieving performance conditions, share-based compensation cost on future award
grants may differ significantly from share-based compensation cost recognized on past award grants. If there are any modifications or
cancellations of the underlying unvested securities, we may be required to accelerate any remaining unearned share-based compensation
cost or incur incremental cost. Share-based compensation cost affects our compensation and benefits expenses.

Warrants

Classification:
 The
Company determines the accounting classification of warrants it issues as either liability or equity classified by first assessing whether
the warrants meet liability classification in accordance with ASC 480-10, Accounting for Certain Financial Instruments with Characteristics
of both Liabilities and Equity (“ASC 480”), then in accordance with ASC 815-40 (“ASC 815”), Accounting for Derivative
Financial Instruments Indexed to, and Potentially Settled in, a Company’s Own Stock. Under ASC 480, warrants are considered liability
classified if the warrants are mandatorily redeemable, obligate the Company to settle the warrants or the underlying shares by paying
cash or other assets, or warrants that must or may require settlement by issuing variable number of shares. If warrants do not meet liability
classification under ASC 480, the Company assesses the requirements under ASC 815, which states that contracts that require or may require
the issuer to settle the contract for cash are liabilities recorded at fair value, irrespective of the likelihood of the transaction occurring
that triggers the net cash settlement feature. If the warrants do not require liability classification under ASC 815, and in order to
conclude equity classification, the Company also assesses whether the warrants are indexed to its Common Stock and whether the warrants
are classified as equity under ASC 815 or other applicable GAAP. After all relevant assessments, the Company concludes whether the warrants
are classified as liability or equity. Liability classified warrants require fair value accounting at issuance and subsequent to initial
issuance with all changes in fair value after the issuance date recorded in the statements of operations. Equity classified warrants only
require fair value accounting at issuance with no changes recognized subsequent to the issuance date.

58

Valuation:
 The fair
value of our equity classified stock purchase warrants are valued utilizing Level 3 inputs. using a Black-Scholes-Merton option valuation
model. The fair value of an award is affected by our stock price on the date of grant as well as other assumptions, including the estimated
volatility of our stock price over the term of the stock purchase warrant and the estimated period of time that we expect third parties
to hold the stock purchase warrants. The risk-free interest rate assumption we use is based upon United States Treasury interest rates
appropriate for the expected life of the stock purchase warrant. We use the historical volatility of our common stock in order to estimate
future stock price trends. We expect third parties to hold their stock purchase warrants for the contractual term as we do not have any
history to support a shorter term and do not anticipate stock purchase warrants to be exercised prior to the end of the term. Our expected
dividend rate is zero since we do not currently pay cash dividends on our common stock and do not anticipate doing so in the foreseeable
future. The aforementioned inputs entered into the option valuation model we use to fair value our stock purchase warrants are subjective
estimates and changes to these estimates will cause the fair value of our stock purchase warrants and related debt issuance discount we
recognize to vary.

Income taxes

We determined that income
taxes involve critical accounting estimates because management makes significant estimates, assumptions, and judgments to determine our
provision for income taxes, deferred tax assets and liabilities, and any valuation allowance recorded against deferred tax assets, and
to the extent that our estimates and assumptions materially change, or if actual circumstances differ materially from those in the assumptions,
our financial statements could be materially impacted.

We utilize the asset and liability
method for computing our income tax provision. Deferred tax assets and liabilities reflect the expected future consequences of temporary
differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities as well as operating loss, capital loss, and tax credit
carryforwards, using enacted tax rates. We assess the likelihood that our deferred tax assets will be recovered from future taxable income
and, to the extent we believe that recovery is not likely, we establish a valuation allowance. Assessing the need for a valuation allowance
requires a great deal of judgement and we consider all available evidence, both positive and negative, to determine whether it is more
likely than not that our deferred tax assets are recoverable. We evaluate all available evidence including, but not limited to, history
of earnings and losses, forecasts of future taxable income, and the weight of evidence that can be objectively verified. See 
Note 16.
Income taxes
 of the Notes to our consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K
for details of changes in our valuation allowance for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023.

We recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if
it is more likely than not the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits
of the position. The tax benefits recognized from such positions are then measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than
50% likelihood of being realized upon settlement. Interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits are recognized within provision
for income taxes. See Note 16 - Income taxes of the Notes to our consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this
Annual Report on Form 10-K for details of changes in unrecognized tax benefits for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021.

For U.S. federal tax purposes,
digital asset transactions are treated on the same tax principles as property transactions. We recognize a gain or loss when digital assets
are exchanged for other property, in the amount of the difference between the fair market value of the property received and the tax basis
of the exchanged digital assets. Receipts of digital assets in exchange for goods or services are included in taxable income at the fair
market value on the date of receipt.

59

Legal and other contingencies 

We are subject to various
legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of business, the outcomes of which are inherently uncertain, and such uncertainty
may be enhanced due to the industry in which we operate. We record a liability when it is probable that a loss has been incurred and the
amount is reasonably estimable, the determination of which requires significant judgment. In addition, we record recoveries of these losses
when it is probable that they will be collected. These estimates are highly sensitive to change and involve variables that are not completely
within our control nor practicable to model, including decisions made by regulators and settlement negotiations. Resolution of legal and
other contingencies in a manner inconsistent with management’s expectations could have a material impact on our financial condition
and results of operations.

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements

For information about recently
issued accounting standards, refer to Note 3 to our Consolidated Financial Statements appearing elsewhere in this report.

Foreign Currency Risk

Foreign currency transaction risk

Revenues, expenses, and financial
results of our foreign subsidiaries are recorded in the functional currency of these subsidiaries. Our foreign currency exposure is primarily
related to transactions denominated in British Pounds attributable to cash, customer custodial funds and customer custodial cash liabilities
and intercompany transactions where the transaction currency is different from a subsidiary’s functional currency. Changes in foreign
exchange rates, and in particular a weakening of foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar may negatively affect our results of operations
as expressed in U.S. dollars. We have experienced and will continue to experience fluctuations in our results of operations as a result
of gains or losses on the settlement and the remeasurement of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies that are
not the functional currency of the respective entity.

If an adverse 10% foreign
currency exchange rate change was applied to the largest foreign currency exposure (e.g. British Pound) or to all foreign currency exposures
in aggregate, of monetary assets, liabilities, and commitments denominated in currencies other than its functional currency as of September
30, 2024 and 2023, it would not have a material impact on our financial results.

From time to time, we may
enter into derivatives or other financial instruments in an attempt to hedge our exposure to foreign currency exchange risk. It is difficult
to predict the impact hedging activities would have on our results of operations. Additionally, the volatility of exchange rates depends
on many factors that we cannot forecast with reliable accuracy. Our international operations increase our exposure to exchange rate fluctuations
and, as a result, such fluctuations could have a material impact on our future results of operations and cash flows.

Foreign currency translation risk

Fluctuations in functional
currencies from our net investment in international subsidiaries expose us to foreign currency translation risk, where changes in foreign
currency exchange rates may adversely affect our results of operations upon translation into U.S. dollars. See the consolidated statements
of comprehensive income (loss) in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for translation adjustments for the years ended September
30, 2024 and 2023. As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, a 10% increase or decrease in foreign currency exchange rates used in translating
the financial statements of subsidiaries with functional currencies other than our reporting currency would not have a material impact
on our financial results.

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk

We are a smaller reporting
company as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information required under this item.

60

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.

NUKKLEUS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

September 30, 2024 and 2023

F-
1

NUKKLEUS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

September 30, 2024 and 2023

CONTENTS

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm – 
GreenGrowth CPAs
 (PCAOB ID 
6580
)

F-3

Consolidated Financial Statements:

Consolidated Balance Sheets - As of September 30, 2024 and 2023

F-4

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss - For the Years Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023

F-5

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders’ Deficit - For the Years Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023

F-6

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows – For the Years Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023

F-7

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

F-8

F-
2

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders

of Nukkleus, Inc.

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheet of Nukkleus, Inc. (the Company) as of September 30, 2024 and 2023 and the related consolidated statements of operations
and comprehensive loss, consolidated statement of changes in stockholders’ equity (deficit), and consolidated statement of cash
flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, and the
results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America.

Going concern

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company has
suffered recurring losses from operations and has a working capital deficit that raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue
as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include
any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2023

Los Angeles, California

February 10, 2025

PCAOB ID Number 6580

F-
3

NUKKLEUS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

As of September 30,

2024

2023

ASSETS

CURRENT ASSETS:

Cash

$
3,678

$
19,318

Customer custodial funds

31,781

672,501

Customer digital currency assets

615,361

—

Digital assets

396

1,973

Due from affiliates

35,045

2,039,274

Notes receivable - related parties, net

—

162,820

Other current assets

279,448

32,522

TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS

965,709

2,928,408

NON-CURRENT ASSETS:

Investment

—

391,217

Intangible assets, net

19,290

33,000

TOTAL NON-CURRENT ASSETS

19,290

424,217

TOTAL ASSETS

$
984,999

$
3,352,625

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ DEFICIT

CURRENT LIABILITIES:

Accounts payable

$
448,307

$
138,666

Customer custodial cash liabilities

827,589

1,443,011

Customer digital currency liabilities

23,605

—

Convertible notes payable, net

634,009

—

Note payable, net

54,198

—

Due to affiliates

579,524

6,808,749

Loans payable - related parties

2,347,809

—

Interest payable – related parties

169,052

—

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities

1,985,978

733,039

TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES

7,070,071

9,123,465

NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES:

Loans payable - related parties, net of current portion

966,056

420,619

Interest payable - related parties, net of current portion

46,585

1,771

TOTAL NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES

1,012,641

422,390

TOTAL LIABILITIES

8,082,712

9,545,855

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES - (Note 18)

STOCKHOLDERS’ DEFICIT 
(1)
:

Preferred stock ($
0.0001
 par value; 
15,000,000
 shares authorized; 
0
 share issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and 2023)

—

—

—Common stock ($
0.0001
 par value; 
150,000,000
 and 
40,000,000
 shares authorized; 
2,098,999
 and 
1,259,333
 shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively)

209

126

Additional paid-in capital

33,334,725

25,543,929

Accumulated deficit

(
40,287,764
)

(
31,769,244
)

Accumulated other comprehensive income

(
144,883
)

31,959

TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS’ DEFICIT

(
7,097,713
)

(
6,193,230
)

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ DEFICIT

$
984,999

$
3,352,625

(1)
Retroactively restated for the reverse recapitalization as
described in Note 1 and Note 4 and the one-for-eight reverse stock split described in Note 14.

The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements
are an integral part of these statements.

F-
4

NUKKLEUS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE
LOSS

For the Year Ended
 September 30,

2024

2023

REVENUES

Revenue - general support services - related party

$
4,800,000

$
19,200,000

Revenue - financial services

1,113,461

2,097,642

Total revenues

5,913,461

21,297,642

COSTS OF REVENUES

Cost of revenue - general support services - related party

4,650,000

18,775,000

Cost of revenue - financial services

264,945

2,865,783

Total costs of revenues

4,914,945

21,640,783

GROSS PROFIT (LOSS)

Gross profit - general support services - related party

150,000

425,000

Gross profit (loss) - financial services

848,516

(
768,141
)

Total gross profit (loss)

998,516

(
343,141
)

OPERATING EXPENSES:

Advertising

44,488

55,889

Professional fees

6,734,162

2,423,773

Compensation and related benefits

958,648

822,625

Amortization of intangible assets

13,813

273,711

Bad debt expense – related parties

6,141,000

1,179,772

Other general and administrative

893,198

449,988

Impairment loss

391,217

11,914,322

Total operating expenses

15,176,526

17,120,080

LOSS FROM OPERATIONS

(
14,178,010
)

(
17,463,221
)

OTHER (EXPENSE) INCOME:

Interest expense

(
343,333
)

—

Interest expense - related parties

(
206,733
)

(
1,776
)

Loss on extinguishment of vendor obligations

(
288,835
)

—

Gain on extinguishment of vendor obligations

211,200

—

Gain on termination of GSS GSA – related party

6,082,962

—

Gain on extinguishment of due to affiliates

192,069

—

Other income

12,160

36,569

Total other (expense) income, net

5,659,490

34,793

NET LOSS

$
(
8,518,520
)

$
(
17,428,428
)

COMPREHENSIVE LOSS:

NET LOSS

(
8,518,520
)

(
17,428,428
)

OTHER COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME

Unrealized foreign currency translation loss

(
176,842
)

(
26,260
)

COMPREHENSIVE LOSS

$
(
8,695,362
)

$
(
17,454,688
)

NET LOSS PER COMMON SHARE 
(1)
:

Basic and diluted

$
(
4.93
)

$
(
13.84
)

WEIGHTED AVERAGE COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING:

Basic and diluted

1,728,144

1,259,333

(1)
Retroactively restated for the reverse recapitalization as
described in Note 1 and Note 4 and the one-for-eight reverse stock split described in Note 14.

The accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements are an integral part of these statements.

F-
5

NUKKLEUS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS’ DEFICIT 
(1)

For the Years Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023

Preferred Stock

Common Stock

Additional

Accumulated
 Other

Total

Number of

Number of

Paid-in

Accumulated

Comprehensive

Shareholders’

Shares

Amount

Shares

Amount

Capital

Deficit

Income

Deficit

Balance as of September 30, 2022

—

$
—

10,074,657

$
1,007

$
25,172,170

$
(
14,340,816
)

$
58,219

$
10,890,580

Retroactive application of reverse stock split

—

—

(
8,815,324
)

(
881
)

881

—

—

—

Adjusted balance, beginning of period

—

—

1,259,333

126

25,173,051

(
14,340,816
)

58,219

10,890,580

Stock-based compensation

—

—

—

—

370,878

—

—

370,878

Net loss

—

—

—

—

—

(
17,428,428
)

—

(
17,428,428
)

Foreign currency translation adjustment

—

—

—

—

—

—

(
26,260
)

(
26,260
)

Balance as of September 30, 2023

—

$
—

1,259,333

$
126

$
25,543,929

$
(
31,769,244
)

$
31,959

$
(
6,193,230
)

Stock-based compensation

—

—

—

—

229,605

—

—

229,605

Issuance of Old Nukk common stock in exchange for a receivable from Brilliant

—

—

47,533

5

1,802,210

—

—

1,802,215

Issuance of Old Nukk common stock to settle accrued expenses and other current liabilities

—

—

5,629

1

213,385

—

—

213,386

Issuance of common stock to settle accrued expenses and other current liabilities

—

—

361,532

35

1,880,152

—

—

1,880,187

Issuance of stock purchase warrants

—

—

—

—

517,702

—

—

517,702

Issuance of common stock to settle loans payable – related parties

—

—

8,767

1

270,562

—

—

270,563

Issuance of common stock to settle due to affiliates

—

—

94,710

9

2,727,051

—

—

2,727,060

Issuance of common stock in connection with reverse recapitalization

—

—

321,495

32

150,129

—

—

150,161

Net loss

—

—

—

—

—

(
8,518,520
)

—

(
8,518,520
)

Foreign currency translation adjustment

—

—

—

—

—

—

(
176,842
)

(
176,842
)

Balance as of September 30, 2024

—

$
—

2,098,999

$
209

$
33,334,725

$
(
40,287,764
)

$
(
144,883
)

$
(
7,097,713
)

(1)
Retroactively restated for the reverse recapitalization as
described in Note 1 and Note 4 and the one-for-eight reverse stock split described in Note 14.

The accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements are an integral part of these statements.

F-
6

NUKKLEUS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

For the Years Ended
 September 30,

2024

2023

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES:

Net loss

$
(
8,518,520
)

$
(
17,428,428
)

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities:

Amortization of debt discount

315,834

—

Amortization of intangible assets

13,813

2,380,115

Stock-based compensation

229,605

370,878

Loss on extinguishment of vendor obligations

288,835

—

Gain on extinguishment of vendor obligations

(
211,200
)

—

Gain on extinguishment of due to affiliates

(
192,069
)

—

Provision for bad debt – related parties

6,141,000

1,179,772

Gain on termination of GSS GSA – related party

(
6,082,962
)

—

Unrealized foreign currency exchange loss (gain)

—

3,221

Impairment loss

391,217

11,922,272

Changes in operating assets and liabilities:

Customer digital currency assets

(
582,760
)

273,337

Other current assets

(
247,094
)

(
26,393
)

Digital assets

1,675

70,913

Due from affiliates

(
4,142,922
)

(
1,338,432
)

Accounts payable

280,460

82,366

Customer custodial cash liabilities

(
715,780
)

(
775,511
)

Customer digital currency liabilities

22,355

(
273,337
)

Due to affiliates

3,939,597

2,261,395

Interest payable - related parties

205,296

1,776

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities

5,045,177

63,674

NET CASH USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES

(
3,818,443
)

(
1,232,382
)

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES:

Issuance of notes receivable – related parties

—

(
1,920,754
)

Payments received on notes receivable – related parties

132,826

852,651

Purchase of intangible asset

—

(
41,833
)

NET CASH PROVIDED BY (USED IN) INVESTING ACTIVITIES

132,826

(
1,109,936
)

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES:

Business Combination, net of issuance costs

150,161

—

Proceeds from issuance of note payable

50,000

—

Repayment on note payable

(
50,000
)

—

Proceeds from issuance of loans payable - related parties

2,093,817

418,316

Repayments on loans payable - related parties

(
133,650
)

—

Proceeds from issuance of convertible notes payable and stock purchase warrants, net of issuance costs

812,075

—

Proceeds from issuance of note payable and stock purchase warrants

78,000

—

NET CASH PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES

3,000,403

418,316

EFFECT OF EXCHANGE RATE ON CASH

28,854

231,404

NET DECREASE IN CASH

(
656,360
)

(
1,692,598
)

Cash - beginning of year

691,819

2,384,417

Cash - end of year

$
35,459

$
691,819

CASH CONSISTED OF THE FOLLOWING:

Cash

3,678

19,318

Customer custodial funds

31,781

672,501

Total cash

$
35,459

$
691,819

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION:

Cash paid for:

Interest

$
1,436

$
—

NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES:

Issuance of common stock to settle loans payable – related parties and accrued and unpaid interest

613,410

Capital reduction on settlement of loans payable – related parties  and accrued and unpaid interest through issuance of common stock

$
(
342,847
)

$
—

Issuance of common stock to settle due to affiliates

6,627,314

Capital reduction on settlement of due to affiliates through issuance of common stock

$
(
3,900,254
)

$
—

Issuance of common stock to settle accrued expenses and other current liabilities

$
1,880,187

$
—

Settlement of due to affiliates through issuance of loan payable – related parties

$
1,213,348

$
—

Settlement of accrued expenses and other current liabilities through issuance of Old Nukk common stock

$
213,386

$
—

Issuance of Old Nukk common stock to Brilliant vendors in exchange for receivable from Brilliant

$
1,802,215

$
—

Settlement of loans payable – related parties through exchange of notes receivable – related parties and accrued and unpaid interest

$
37,978

$
—

Settlement of loans payable – related parties through exchange of due from affiliates

$
11,855

$
—

The accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements are an integral part of these statements.

F-
7

NUKKLEUS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE 1 – 
DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION

Nukkleus Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries,
are financial technology companies focused on providing software, technology solutions, customer sales and marketing, and risk management
technology hardware and software solutions packages for the worldwide retail foreign exchange (“FX”) trading industry and
payment services from one fiat currency to another or to digital assets.

Basis of Presentation and Principles of
Consolidation:
 On December 22, 2023 (the “Closing Date”), Brilliant Acquisition Corp (“Brilliant”) entered
into a business combination agreement (the “Business Combination”) with each of the shareholders of Nukkleus Inc. (“Old
Nukk”). Pursuant to the Business Combination, Brilliant acquired all of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock from the
Old Nukk shareholders. For more information on this transaction see Note 5.

On the Closing Date, and in connection with the closing of the Business
Combination, Brilliant changed its name to Nukkleus Inc (the “Company”) and the Company’s common stock began trading
on the NASDAQ under the ticker symbol NUKK. Old Nukk was deemed the accounting acquirer in the Business Combination based on an analysis
of the criteria outlined in Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) 805, 
Business Combinations
 (“ASC 805”).
The determination was primarily based on Old Nukk’s shareholders prior to the Business Combination having a majority of the voting
interests in the combined company, Old Nukk’s ability to exert control over the majority of the board of directors of the combined
company, and given the board of directors election and retention provisions, Old Nukk’s ability to maintain control of the board
of directors on a go-forward basis, Old Nukk’s senior management comprising the senior management of the combined company; and old
Nukk’s operations prior to the Business Combination comprise the ongoing operations of the combined company. Accordingly, for accounting
purposes, the Business Combination was treated as the equivalent of Old Nukk issuing stock for the net assets of Brilliant, accompanied
by a recapitalization. The net assets of Brilliant were stated at historical cost, with no goodwill or other intangible assets recorded.

While Brilliant was the legal acquirer in the
Business Combination, because Old Nukk was deemed the accounting acquirer, the historical financial statements of Old Nukk became the
historical financial statements of the combined company, upon consummation of the Business Combination. As a result, the financial statements
included in this report reflect (i) the historical operating results of Old Nukk prior to the Business Combination; (ii) the combined
results of Brilliant and Old Nukk following the closing of the Business Combination; (iii) the assets and liabilities of Old Nukk at their
historical cost; and (iv) the Company’s equity structure for all periods presented.

Effective October 24, 2024, the Company amended its amended and restated
certificate of incorporation to implement a one-for-eight reverse stock split of its common stock (the “2024 Reverse Stock Split”)
and increased the number of authorized shares of the Company’s common stock from 
40,000,000
 to 
150,000,000
 (see Note 14).

In accordance with guidance applicable to these
circumstances, the equity structure has been restated in all comparative periods to give effect to the number of shares of the Company’s
common stock, $
0.0001
 par value per share, issued to Old Nukk shareholders during the Business Combination and the 2024 Reverse Stock
Split. Accordingly, the disclosure of common shares and per common share data in the accompanying consolidated financial statements and
related notes reflect the Business Combination and 2024 Reverse Stock Split for all periods presented.

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
include the accounts of Nukkleus Inc, and its wholly owned subsidiaries. Intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated upon
consolidation. The consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles in the United States of America (“U.S. GAAP”) and in accordance with the rules and regulations of the United States
Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). Any reference in these footnotes to the applicable guidance is meant to refer
to the authoritative U.S. GAAP as found in the ASC and Accounting Standards Updates (“ASU”) of the Financial Accounting Standards
Board (“FASB”).

Adjustment of prior interim period financial
statements:
 During the preparation of consolidated financial statements of the Company for the year ended September 30, 2024,
the Company’s management identified that the treatment of losses on extinguishment of obligations owed to affiliates during the
three months ended December 31, 2023 were improperly recognized as a distribution reducing accumulated deficit for transactions where
the obligations were settled through the issuance of shares of the Company’s common stock. The losses on extinguishment of obligations
are to be recognized as capital reductions as the Company is in an accumulated deficit position, and the losses should be treated as
a return of capital given the role of a company’s shareholder.   The correction of the treatment of losses on extinguishment
of obligations owed to affiliates did not have an impact on the Company’s financial position for the three months ended December
31, 2023.

F-
8

NOTE 2 – 
Liquidity
and capital resources

The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared
on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and settlement of liabilities in the normal course of business.
On December 22, 2023, the Company consummated the Business Combination and raised net proceeds of $
150,161
 net of transaction costs and
expenses. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had cash of approximately $
3,700
, exclusive of customer custodial funds. The Company had
a working capital deficit of approximately $
6,104,000
 at September 30, 2024 and incurred a net loss and generated negative cash flow from
operating activities of approximately $
8,519,000
 and $
3,818,000
, respectively, for the year ended September 30, 2024. These
are indicators of substantial doubt as to the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern for at least one year from issuance
of these financial statements. The Company’s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the management of expenses
and ability to obtain necessary financing to meet its obligations and pay its liabilities arising from normal business operations when
they come due, and upon profitable operations.

If additional equity or debt financing is required
from outside sources, the Company may not be able to raise it on terms acceptable to it or at all. If the Company is unable to raise additional
capital on acceptable terms when needed, its results of operations and financial condition would be materially and adversely affected.
Any such financing likely would be dilutive to existing stockholders and could result in significant financial operating covenants that
would negatively impact the Company business. On December 20, 2024, the Company closed a $
10.0
 million private placement whereby it received
$
10.0
 million in cash from the sale of shares of the Company’s common stock and stock purchase warrants (see Note 20).

Based on the foregoing, management believes that
its current financial resources, as of the date of the issuance of these financial statements, are sufficient to fund its current twelve-month
operating budget, alleviating any concerns by its historical operating results and satisfying its estimated liquidity needs for the twelve
months from the issuance of these financial statements.

NOTE 3 – 
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Emerging growth company
: 
The Company
is an emerging growth company, as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups (“JOBS”) Act. Under the JOBS Act, emerging
growth companies can delay adopting new or revised accounting standards issued subsequent to the enactment of the JOBS Act, until such
time as to those standards apply to private companies. The Company has elected to use this extended transition period for complying with
new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and private companies until the earlier of the date
that it (i) is no longer an emerging growth company or (ii) affirmatively and irrevocably opts out of the extended transition
period provided in the JOBS Act. As a result, these financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with the new or
revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates.

Use of estimates: 
The preparation
of the financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make certain estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Making estimates requires management to exercise significant
judgment. Such estimates may be subject to change as more current information becomes available and accordingly the actual results could
differ significantly from those estimates. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition, situation
or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the financial statements, which management considered in formulating its estimate,
could change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly, the actual results could differ significantly
from those estimates. The Company’s most significant estimates and judgments involve valuation of share-based compensation, valuation
of equity-classified stock purchase warrants, valuation of customer digital currency assets and liabilities, classification of gains and
losses on settlement of related party liabilities, calculation for allowances for credit losses, the useful lives of long-lived assets,
assumptions used in assessing impairment of long-lived assets, and valuation of deferred tax assets and the associated valuation allowances.

F-
9

Segment reporting: 
ASC 280, 
Segment
Reporting 
(“ASC 280”), defines operating segments as components of an enterprise where discrete financial information
is available that is evaluated regularly by the chief operating decision-maker (“CODM”) in deciding how to allocate resources
and in assessing performance. The Company’s CODM is the chief executive officer, who has ultimate responsibility for the operating
performance of the Company and the allocation of resources. The CODM uses operating results as the primary measure to manage the business.
The Company determined there are 
two
 operating and reportable segment based on the level at which the CODM reviews operating results,
assesses performance and makes decisions regarding resource allocation. The general support services segment provides general support
services to customers, including operational reporting and technical support infrastructure, website hosting and marketing solutions,
accounting maintenance, risk monitoring services, new account processing and customer care and continued support and the financial services
segment provides payment processing services to customers who submit requests to process a payment to a third party, often involving exchanging
one fiat currency to another or to a digital asset as part of the transaction.

Cash and cash equivalents: 
The Company
considers all highly liquid instruments with a maturity date of three months or less at the time of purchase and money market accounts
to be cash equivalents. The Company had 
no
 cash equivalents at September 30, 2024 and 2023. Cash and cash equivalents excludes customer
legal tender, which is reported separately as customer custodial funds in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
At September 30,
2024 and 2023, the Company’s cash balances by geographic area were as follows:

Country:

September 30, 

2024

September 30, 

2023

United States

$
199

5.4
%

$
7,675

39.7
%

United Kingdom

3,305

89.9
%

11,469

59.4
%

Malta

174

4.7
%

174

0.9
%

Total cash

$
3,678

100
%

$
19,318

100
%

Customer custodial funds and customer custodial
cash liabilities: 
Customer custodial funds represent restricted cash and cash equivalents maintained in segregated Company
1

bank accounts that are held for the exclusive benefit of customers and deposits in transit from financial institutions. Customer custodial
cash liabilities represent the obligation to return cash deposits held by customers in the fiat wallets and unsettled fiat deposits and
withdrawals. Deposits in transit represent settlements from third-party payment processors and banks for customer transactions. Deposits
in transit are typically received within five business days of the transaction date. The Company establishes withdrawal-based limits in
order to mitigate potential losses by preventing customers from withdrawing the digital asset to an external blockchain address until
the deposit settles. Deposits in transit qualify as eligible liquid assets to meet regulatory requirements to fulfill the Company’s
direct obligations under customer custodial cash liabilities. The Company restricts the use of the assets underlying the customer custodial
funds to meet regulatory requirements and classifies the assets as current based on their purpose and availability to fulfill the Company’s
direct obligations under custodial cash liabilities. 

In accordance with regulations in the United Kingdom,
and the terms of the principal license holder the Company operates under, the Company is able to extend credit to its customers. At the
time the Company’s management designates customer custodial funds held in its United Kingdom bank account to be used to extend credit,
the designated amount is re-classified as cash and cash equivalents and no longer classified as customer custodial funds on the Company’s
consolidated balance sheets. The remaining assets underlying the customer custodial funds remain separately classified as such on the
Company’s consolidated balance sheets. The Company identifies these customer custodial funds separately from corporate funds and
maintain them in separate and non-interest bearing accounts.

Customer digital currency assets and liabilities:

At certain times, customers’ funds that are used to make payments on behalf of the customers, remain in the form of digital
assets in the customers’ wallets at the digital asset trading platforms while the digital asset awaits final conversion and/or transfer
to the customer’s payment final destination. These indirectly held digital assets, may consist of USDT (Stablecoin), Bitcoin, and
Ethereum (collectively, “Customer digital currency assets”).

The Company safeguards customer digital currency
assets for customers in digital wallets and portions of cryptographic keys necessary to access digital assets on The Company’s platform.
The Company safeguards these assets and/or keys and is obligated to safeguard them from loss, theft, or other misuse. The Company records
customer digital currency assets and liabilities, in accordance with Staff Accounting Bulletin 121, “
Views of the staff regarding
the accounting for obligations to safeguard crypto-assets an entity holds for platform users” 
(“SAB 121”). The Company
maintains a record of all digital assets in digital wallets held on the Company’s platform as well as the full or a portion of private
keys including backup keys, which are maintained on behalf of customers. For digital assets where the customer can transact without the
involvement of the Company or digital assets where the Company does not maintain a private key or the ability to recover a customer’s
private key or their digital assets, these balances are not recorded, as there is no related safeguarding obligation in accordance with
SAB 121. The Company records the customer digital currency assets and liabilities, on the initial recognition and at each reporting date,
at the fair value of the digital assets which it safeguards for its customers.

1
References to the Company are to Nukkleus and all of its

100
% owned subsidiaries as presented on the financial statements as the disclosures are made at consolidated level and not subsidiary
level

F-
10

The Company is committed to securely storing all customer digital assets
and cryptographic keys (or portions thereof) held on behalf of customers. The value of these safeguarded assets is recorded as customer
digital currency liabilities and corresponding customer digital currency assets. As such, the Company may be liable to its customers for
losses arising from theft or loss of private keys. The Company has no reason to believe it will incur any expense associated with such
potential liability because (i) it has no known or historical experience of claims to use as a basis of measurement, (ii) it accounts
for and continually verifies the amount of digital assets on its platform, and (iii) it has established security around private key management
to minimize the risk of theft or loss. The Company has adopted a number of measures to safeguard digital assets it secures including,
but not limited to, holding customer digital assets on a 1:1 basis and strategically storing custodied assets offline using the Company’s
cold storage process. The Company also does not reuse or rehypothecate customer digital assets nor grant security interests in customer
digital assets, in each case unless required by law or expressly agreed to by the institutional customer. Any loss or theft would impact
the measurement of the customer digital assets.

The Company classifies the customer digital currency
assets and liabilities as current based on their purpose and availability to fulfill its direct obligations to its customers.

Fair value measurements:
 ASC 820,

Fair Value Measurements
 (“ASC 820”), clarifies that fair value is an exit price, representing the amount that would
be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants. As such, fair value
is a market-based measurement that should be determined based upon assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset
or liability. As a basis for considering such assumptions, ASC 820 establishes a three-tier fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the
inputs used in measuring fair value as follows

●
Level 1 – Inputs based on unadjusted quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Company
has the ability to access at the measurement date.

●
Level 2 – Observable inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1, such as quoted prices
for similar assets or liabilities in active markets or quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active
or for which all significant inputs are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data.

●
Level 3 – Inputs reflect management’s best estimate of what market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability
at the measurement date. The inputs are both unobservable for the asset and liability in the market and significant to the overall fair
value measurement.

An asset’s or liability’s fair value
measurement level within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of any input that is significant to the fair value measurement.
Valuation techniques used need to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs.

Assets and liabilities measured at fair value
are based on one or more of the following techniques noted in ASC 820:

●
Market approach:
 Prices and other relevant information generated by market transactions involving
identical or comparable assets or liabilities.

●
Cost approach: 
Amount that would be required to replace the service capacity of an asset (replacement
cost).

●
Income approach:
 Techniques to convert future amounts to a single present value amount based upon
market expectations (including present value techniques, option pricing, and excess earnings models).

The Company believes its valuation methods are
appropriate and consistent with other market participants, however the use of different methodologies or assumptions to determine the
fair value of certain financial instruments could result in a different fair value measurement at the reporting date.

The Company’s financial instruments with
a carrying value that approximates fair value consist of cash, customer custodial funds, due from affiliates, notes receivable –
related parties, net, other current assets, accounts payable, customer custodial cash liabilities, due to affiliates, accrued expenses
and other current liabilities, interest payable – related parties, and short-term borrowings due to their liquid or short-term nature
or expected settlement dates of these instruments. If these financial instruments were recorded at fair value, they would be based on
Level 1 inputs, except for short-term borrowings and notes receivable, related parties, net which would be based on Level 2 and Level
3 inputs, respectively.

F-
11

The Company’s non-financial assets, such
as intangible assets, and financial assets are adjusted to fair value when an impairment charge is recognized. The impairment charge recognized
on non-financial assets that consist of acquired intangible assets is based on Level 3 inputs, including a comparison of the Company’s
results with expectations and expectation for future profits. The impairment charge recognized of non-financial assets that consist of
digital assets is based on Level 1 or Level 2 inputs, determined whether there is an active market for the digital asset at period end.
The impairment charge recognized for financial assets that consist of investment in privately held equity securities is based on Level
3 inputs, including the global economic environment, adjustments for investment-specific developments and the rights and obligations of
the securities the Company holds.

The Company’s financial instruments that
are measured at fair value on a recurring basis consist of the customer digital currency assets and liabilities (see Note 13).

Related parties: 
The Company considers
parties to be related if one party has the ability, directly or indirectly, to control the other party or exercise significant influence
over the other party in making financial and operating decisions. Parties are also considered to be related if they are subject to common
control or significant influence of the same party, such as a family member or relative, shareholder, or a related corporation. The Company
reviews the relationships of its vendors, customers, shareholders, and board members to determine whether there are any parties meet the
criteria to be considered related. Any party that is deemed to be related to the Company is referred to as an “affiliate”
or “related party” in these consolidated financial statements.

Due from affiliates and notes receivable
– related parties, net:
 Due from affiliates and notes receivable – related parties, net are contractual rights to
receive cash on demand or on fixed or determinable dates and are recognized as an asset on the consolidated balance sheets. Due from affiliates
consist of amounts owed from affiliates of the Company for either services provided to the affiliate or expenses paid by the Company on
behalf of the affiliate (see Note 17). Notes receivable – related parties, net consist of advances made to affiliates in exchange
for a promissory note from the affiliate (see Note 17).

Other current assets:
 Other current
assets primarily consists of escrow cash, security deposit, accounts receivable, interest receivable, other receivables and prepaid miscellaneous
items. The Company expects all current assets to be collected and/or realized within the next 12 months.

Allowance for credit losses
: The
Company recognizes an allowance for credit losses based on expected credit losses on receivables in an amount equal to the estimated probable
losses net of recoveries. The Company currently monitors financial conditions of the companies it has receivables from on a continuing
basis. After considering current economic conditions and specific and financial stability of its receivables, an allowance for credit
losses is maintained in the balance sheet at a level which management believes is sufficient to cover all probable future credit losses
as of the balance sheet date based on specific reserves and an expectation of future economic conditions that might impact collectability.
The Company’s policy is to write off past-due accrued interest receivable in a timely manner, and as such, the Company elected not
to measure an allowance for credit losses for accrued interest receivable on notes receivables outstanding. Other receivables,
due from affiliates and notes receivable – related parties, net are carried at amortized cost, net of allowances for credit losses.
Amortized cost approximated book value as of September 30, 2024. After all reasonable attempts to collect a receivable have failed, the
amount of the receivable is written off against the allowance. As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, the allowance for credit losses was
$
0
 and $
637,072
 respectively.

Customer, Supplier, and Concentration Risk: 

Cash: 
The Company’s cash and cash
equivalents and customer custodial funds are potentially subject to concentration of credit risk. Cash and cash equivalents and customer
custodial funds are primarily placed with financial institutions which are of high credit quality. The Company invests cash and cash equivalents
and customer custodial funds primarily in highly liquid, highly rated instruments which are uninsured. The Company may also have corporate
deposit balances with financial institutions which exceed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation insurance limit of $
250,000
. The Company
has not experienced losses on these accounts and does not believe it is exposed to any significant credit risk with respect to these accounts.
The Company also holds cash and digital assets at digital asset trading venues and performs a regular assessment of these venues as part
of its risk management process. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts and believes it is not exposed to any risks
on its cash in bank accounts. At September 30, 2024, the Company’s customer custodial funds balance was not in excess of the federally-insured
limits.

Customers:
 The Company performs ongoing
credit evaluations of its customers to reduce credit risk, but determined risks associated with non-payment from its customers is limited
due to short-term payment terms. One customer, who is also an affiliate of the Company, accounted for 
35.7
% and 
96.2
% of the Company’s
total due from affiliates at September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and 
81.2
% and 
90.2
% of the Company’s total revenues for
the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Two customers and one officer also accounted for 
17.1
%, 
17.6
% and 
29.6
% of
the Company’s total due from affiliates at September 30, 2024.

Suppliers:
 One supplier, who is an affiliate of the Company,
accounted for 
94.6
% and 
86.8
% of the Company’s total cost of revenues for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
Reliance on a single supplier may negatively affect the Company’s ability to operate if the supplier’s services vary in reliability
or quality, potentially harming results of operations.

F-
12

Investments: 
The Company holds equity
investments in privately held companies without readily determinable fair values. The Company makes a determination upon entering into
an arrangement whether an entity in which an investment is made is considered a variable interest entity (“VIE”).
The investments in privately held companies are re-evaluated on an ongoing basis. As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, there were no VIEs
required to be consolidated in our consolidated financial statements because the Company does not have a controlling financial interest
in any of the VIEs in which it has invested nor is the Company the primary beneficiary. These investments are accounted for under either
the equity method or as equity investments without readily determinable fair value, depending on the circumstances.

Investments where the Company (1) holds less than

20
% ownership in the entity, and (2) does not exercise significant influence are recorded at cost and adjusted for observable transactions
for same or similar investments of the same issuer (referred to as the measurement alternative) or impairment (see Note 7). Investments
where the Company (1) holds between 
20
% and 
50
% ownership in the entity, and (2) does not control, but over which it does exert significant
influence are recorded at cost and adjusted for the company’s share of operating results, capital contributions and distributions
(referred to as the equity method).

The Company’s equity method investment is
associated with the acquisition of 
50.0
% of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares of a privately held company during March 2022 which
is a company developing a custody and settlement utility operating system. The Company has recognized impairment losses on this equity
method investment in prior years, which reduced the carrying value of the equity method investment to zero.

As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, the total carrying
value of investments in privately held companies determined to be VIEs was 
$0
 and $
391,217
, respectively, and the amounts owed to the
Company from the privately held companies was $
0
 and $
95,274
, respectively. The maximum exposure is the sum of the carrying value and
amounts owed to the Company for the respective periods. The investments are classified as long-term investments.

Intangible assets, net: 
Intangible
assets primarily consists of acquired identifiable intangible assets and digital assets. Acquired identifiable intangible assets including
trade names, regulatory licenses, and technology, are being amortized on a straight-line method over an estimated useful life of 
three

to 
five
 years
. Digital assets held by the Company, with no qualifying fair value hedge, are accounted for as intangible assets with indefinite
useful lives, and are initially measured at cost. Digital assets accounted for as intangible assets are subject to impairment losses if
the fair value of the digital assets decreases below the carrying value at any time during the period. The fair value is measured using
the quoted price of the digital asset at the time its fair value is being measured in the Company’s principal market. The Company
assigns costs to digital assets on a first-in, first-out basis.

Impairment of long-lived assets:

In accordance with ASC 360, 
Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets
 (“ASC 360”), the Company reviews the carrying
values of long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets
may not be fully recoverable. Based on the existence of one or more indicators of impairment, the Company measures any impairment of long-lived
assets using the projected discounted cash flow method at the asset group level. The estimation of future cash flows requires significant
management judgment based on the Company’s historical results and anticipated results and is subject to many factors. The discount
rate that is commensurate with the risk inherent in the Company’s business model is determined by its management. An impairment
loss would be recorded if the Company determined that the carrying value of long-lived assets may not be recoverable. The impairment to
be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying values of the assets exceed the fair value of the assets.

The Company assessed its long-lived assets for
any impairment and concluded that there were indicators of impairment on the following long-lived assets:

●

Investment accounted for under the measurement alternative – Impairment indicators were identified at September 30, 2024 and 2023 as a result of the investee’s continued operating results being significantly lower than forecasts, the global economic environment, and progression on meeting operating milestones. The Company calculated its estimated undiscounted cash flows to be less than the carrying amount related to the cost method investment, recognizing impairment losses of $
391,217
 and $
6,210,783
 for the difference for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The impairment loss recorded for the year ended September 30, 2024 reduced the carrying value of the cost method investment to $
0
. 

●

Acquired identifiable intangible assets – Impairment indicators were identified at September 30, 2023 as a result of the Company’s operating results being significantly lower than forecasts. An impairment loss of $
5,695,589
 was recorded for the year ended September 30, 2023. The Company did not record any impairment charge for its acquired identifiable intangible assets for the year ended September 30, 2024 as there was no impairment indicator noted.

●

Digital assets – Impairment indicators were identified at September 30, 2023 as a result of the carrying value of the digital assets exceeding its fair value at period end. An impairment loss of $
7,950
 was recorded for the year ended September 30, 2023. The Company did not record any impairment charge for its digital assets for the year ended September 30, 2024 as there was 
no
 impairment indicator noted.

F-
13

The assumptions used in the impairment analyses
represent Level 3 inputs.

Note payable, loans payable – related
parties, convertible notes payable:
 Debt issuance costs, including original issue discounts, will be recorded to debt discount,
reducing the face amount of the note. Debt issuance costs will be amortized to interest expense over the contractual term of the respective
debt obligation using the effective interest method. If a conversion of the underlying debt occurs, a proportionate share of the unamortized
discount is immediately expensed.

The Company evaluates convertible notes payable
in accordance with ASC 470, “
Debt with Conversion and Other Options
” (“ASC 470”) to determine if embedded
conversion features present in the convertible instrument shall be recognized separately at issuance by allocating a portion of the proceeds
equal to the intrinsic value of that feature to additional paid-in capital. Debt issuance costs are allocated proportionately to the debt
host and conversion feature.

Gains and losses on extinguishment of liabilities:

The Company recognizes gains and losses on extinguishment of liabilities, including accounts payable and debt obligations, with
unrelated parties as the difference between the reacquisition price and the net carrying amount of the associated obligation, as a component
of other expense (income), net in the consolidated statements of operations.

The Company classifies the gains and losses on
extinguishment of liabilities with related partiesthe gain or loss on the extinguishment of each obligation with a related party as a
reduction of capital in the accompanying statements of changes in stockholders’ deficit or as a component of other expense (income),
net in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss based on the facts and circumstances of each extinguishment
transaction.

Stock purchase warrants:
 The Company
accounts for warrants as either equity-classified or liability-classified instruments based on an assessment of the warrant’s specific
terms and applicable authoritative guidance in ASC 480, 
Distinguishing liabilities from equity
 (“ASC 480”), and ASC
815, 
Derivatives and Hedging 
(“ASC 815”). The assessment considers whether the warrants are freestanding financial
instruments pursuant to ASC 480, meet the definition of a liability pursuant to ASC 480, and whether the warrants meet all of
the requirements for equity classification under ASC 815, including whether the warrants are indexed to the Company’s own common
shares and whether the warrant holders could potentially require “net cash settlement” in a circumstance outside of the Company’s
control, among other conditions for equity classification. This assessment, which requires the use of professional judgment, is conducted
at the time of warrant issuance, modification, and as of each subsequent quarterly period end date while the warrants are outstanding.

For issued or modified warrants that meet all
of the criteria for equity classification, the warrants are required to be recorded as a component of additional paid-in capital at the
time of issuance.

For issued or modified warrants that do not meet
all the criteria for equity classification, the warrants are required to be recorded at their initial fair value on the date of issuance,
and each balance sheet date thereafter. Changes in the estimated fair value of the liability classified warrants are recognized as a non-cash
gain or loss on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss.

The Company assesses the classification of
its common stock purchase warrants at each reporting date to determine whether a change in classification between equity and
liability is required.

F-
14

Revenue recognition: 
The Company determines revenue recognition
from contracts with customers through the following steps:

●
Identify the contract, or contracts, with the customer

●
Identify the performance obligations in the contract

●
Determine the transaction price

●
Allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations
in the contract

●
Recognize revenue when the company satisfies a performance
obligation

Revenue is recognized when control of the promised
goods or services is transferred to the customers, in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to be entitled to
in exchange for those goods or services.

General support services:
 General support
services revenue represents support services provided to a customer, including operational reporting and technical support infrastructure,
website hosting and marketing solutions, accounting maintenance, risk monitoring services, new account processing and customer care and
continued support. These services represent multiple performance obligations that are combined into a single unit of accounting. Although
the Company engages a third party to provision the general support services to the customer, the Company is primarily responsible for
fulfilling the promise to provide the specified good or service. That is, the Company is a principal in transactions and presents revenue
on a gross basis.

Judgment is required in determining whether the
Company is the principal or the agent in the provision of general support services as the Company utilizes a third party to perform the
general support services. The Company evaluates the presentation of revenue on a gross or net basis based on whether it is responsible
for fulfilling the promise (gross) or whether the third party performing the services is responsible for fulling the promise to the Company’s
customer (net). The Company is contractually obligated to provide the fulfillment software, technology, customer sales and marketing and
risk management technology hardware and software solutions package to the customer and through a shareholder’s ownership of the
third party contracted to perform the general support services, controls the services of its service provider necessary to legally transfer
of the services to the customer. The Company sets the price of the general support services through an executed contract with the customer.
As a result, the Company acts as the principal by providing the ongoing service support that enables its customers to conduct its business
without interruption.

The Company considers its performance obligation
satisfied and recognizes revenue over time as the general support services are rendered. The Company recognizes the full contracted amount
each period with no deferred revenue. The Company recognizes revenue equal to the rate specified in the contract with the customer over
the term specified in the contract.

Financial services:
 Financial services
revenue represents transaction fees earned from customers which comprise a single performance obligation to provide payment services from
one fiat currency to another or to digital assets as directed by a customer. That is, the Company is an agent in transactions and presents
revenue for the fees earned on a net basis.

Judgment is required in determining whether the
Company is the principal or the agent in financial services transactions. The Company evaluates the presentation of revenue on a gross
or net basis based on whether it controls the asset provided before it is transferred to the customer or the customer’s beneficiary
(gross) or whether it acts as an agent by arranging for other parties to provide the asset to the customer (net). The Company does not
control the fiat currency or digital asset being provided before it is transferred to the customer or customer’s beneficiary, does
not have inventory risk related to the fiat currency or digital asset, and is not responsible for the fulfillment of the fiat currency
or digital asset. The Company also does not set the price for the fiat currency or digital asset as the price is a market rate established
by users of the platform. As a result, the Company acts as an agent in facilitating the ability for a customer to transfer fiat currency
or digital assets to itself or its beneficiary.

The Company considers its performance obligation
satisfied at a point in time and recognizes revenue at the point in time the transaction completes. Contracts with customers are usually
open-ended and can be terminated by either party without a termination penalty. Therefore, contracts are defined at the transaction level
and do not extend beyond the service already provided.

F-
15

The Company charges a fee at the transaction
level. The transaction price, represented by the transaction fee, is calculated based on volume and varies depending on payment type
and the value of the transaction. The transaction fee is collected from the customer at the time the transaction is executed. In certain
instances, the transaction fee can be collected in digital assets, with revenue measured based on the amount of digital assets received
and the fair value of the digital asset at the time of the transaction.  Prepayments, if any, received from customers prior to the
services being performed are recorded as advances from customers. In these cases, when the services are performed, the appropriate portion
of the amount recorded as advance from customers is recognized as revenue. There were 
no
 prepayments recorded at September 30, 2024 and
2023.

The Company has elected to apply the practical
expedient to recognize the incremental costs of obtaining a contract as an expense when incurred if the amortization period of the asset
that would otherwise have been recognized is 
one year
 or less.

The following table summarizes revenues disaggregated
by geography, based on domicile of the customers, as applicable:

Years Ended September 30,

2024

2023

Malta

$
4,800,000

$
19,200,000

Rest of the world
1

1,113,461

2,097,642

5,913,461

21,297,642

1
No other individual country accounted for more than 10% of
total revenue.

Advertising: 
Costs related to advertising
are expensed as incurred. For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, advertising costs amounted to $
44,488
 and $
55,889
, respectively,
which was included as a component of operating expenses, on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss.

Stock-based compensation: 
The Company
measures and recognizes compensation expense for all stock-based awards granted to non-employees, including stock options, based on the
grant date fair value of the award. The Company estimates the grant date fair value of each option award using the Black-Scholes option-pricing
model. The model requires management to make a number of assumptions, including the fair value and expected volatility of the Company’s
underlying common stock price, expected live of the option, risk-free interest rate and expected dividend yield. The fair value of the
underlying stock is the fair value of the Company’s common stock on the date that the commitment for performance by the counterparty
has been reached or the counterparty’s performance is complete. The fair value of the equity instrument is calculated and then recognized
as compensation expense over the requisite service period.

The Company has elected to account for forfeitures
of awards as they occur, with previously recognized compensation reversed in the period that the awards are forfeited.

Income taxes: 
The Company accounts for income taxes using
the asset and liability method whereby deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on temporary differences between the financial
statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected
to affect taxable income. A valuation allowance is established when management estimates that it is more likely than not that deferred
tax assets will not be realized. Realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon future pre-tax earnings, the reversal of temporary
differences between book and tax income, and the expected rates in future periods.

The Company is required to evaluate the tax positions
taken in the course of preparing its tax returns to determine whether tax positions are more likely than not of being sustained by the
applicable tax authority. Tax benefits of positions not deemed to meet the “more-likely-than-not” threshold would be recorded
as a tax expense in the current year. The amount recognized is subject to estimate and management judgment with respect to the likely
outcome of each uncertain tax position. The amount that is ultimately sustained for an individual uncertain tax position or for all uncertain
tax positions in the aggregate could differ from the amount that is initially recognized. The Company recognizes interest and penalties
related to income tax matters in general and administrative expense.

For U.S. federal tax purposes, digital asset transactions
are treated on the same tax principles as property transactions. The Company recognizes a gain or loss when digital assets are exchanged
for other property, in the amount of the difference between the fair market value of the property received and the tax basis of the exchanged
digital assets. Receipts of digital assets in exchange for goods or services are included in taxable income at the fair market value on
the date of receipt.

F-
16

Foreign currency translation: 
The
Company’s consolidated financial statements are presented in the reporting currency of the U.S. dollar. Functional currencies
of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries is the local currency used in each entities primary economic environment, some of
which are different than the reporting currency. Assets and liabilities of the Company are translated into the reporting currency
using the exchange rate in effect at the balance sheet dates. Equity transactions are translated using the historical exchange rate
in effect on the date of the transaction, except for the change in accumulated deficit during the year, which is the results of the
operations translation process. Results of operations and cash flows are translated using the weighted average exchange rates in
effect during the period. As a result, amounts relating to the assets and liabilities reported on the statements of cash flows may
not necessarily agree with the changes in the corresponding balances on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Translation
adjustments resulting from the process of translating the local currency financial statements into the reporting currency are
recorded as a component of comprehensive income (loss). For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the realized foreign
currency exchange gain (loss) was $
2,225
 and ($
27,470
), respectively, and is included as a component of other (expense) income on
the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the
unrealized foreign currency exchange gain was $
8,956
 and ($
3,221
), respectively, and is included as a component of other (expense)
income on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss.

Remeasurement gains and losses from transactions
that are not denominated in the functional currency are recorded as a component of other income in the consolidated statements of operations
and comprehensive loss. Most of the Company’s revenue transactions are transacted in the functional currency of the Company. The
Company does not enter into any material transaction in foreign currencies. Transaction gains or losses have not had, and are not expected
to have, a material effect on the results of operations of the Company.

Comprehensive loss: 
Comprehensive loss is comprised of
net loss and all changes to the statements of equity, except those due to investments by stockholders, changes in paid-in capital and
distributions to stockholders. For the Company, comprehensive loss for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 consisted of net loss
and unrealized loss from foreign currency translation adjustment.

Net loss per share: 
Basic earnings
per share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of common shares 
outstanding
during the period, excluding the effects of any potential dilutive securities. Diluted earnings per share is computed similar to basic
earnings per share except that the denominator is increased to include the number of additional common shares that would have been outstanding
if the potential common share equivalents had been issued and if the additional common shares were dilutive. Earnings per share excludes
all potential dilutive shares of common shares if their effect is anti-dilutive

For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023,
potentially dilutive common shares consist of the common shares issuable upon the exercise of common stock options and warrants (using
the treasury stock method) and the conversion of convertible notes payable. In a period in which the Company has a net loss, all potentially
dilutive securities are excluded from the computation of diluted shares outstanding as they would have had an anti-dilutive impact.

The following table summarizes the potentially
dilutive securities excluded from the computation of diluted shares outstanding because the effect of including these potential shares
was anti-dilutive:

Years Ended September 30,

2024

2023

Options to purchase common stock under Old Nukk equity incentive plan

15,538

15,538

Convertible notes payable that convert into common stock

467,400

-

Stock purchase warrants to acquire common stock

1,177,160

837,625

Total potentially dilutive securities

1,660,098

853,163

Reclassification: 
Certain prior period amounts have been
reclassified to conform to the current period presentation. These reclassifications have no effect on the previously reported financial
position, results of operations and cash flows.

F-
17

Recently issued accounting pronouncements, adopted

Effective October 1, 2023, the Company adopted
the requirements of ASU 2016-13, 
Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (“Topic 326”)
 (“ASU 2016-13”), along
with the subsequently issued guidance amending and clarifying various aspects of ASU 2016-13, using the modified retrospective method
of adoption. In accordance with that method, the comparative periods’ information continues to be reported under the relevant accounting
guidance in effect for that period. For the current period, the standard replaces the existing incurred credit loss model with the current
expected credit losses model for financial instruments, including due from affiliates and notes receivables – related parties, net,
through a cumulative-effect adjustment to accumulated deficit as of the beginning of the first reporting period in which the guidance
is effective. Although the adoption of ASU 2016-13 did not have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements it represented
a change in accounting policy with respect to the estimation of uncollectible accounts.

In August 2020, ASU 2020-06, 
Debt — Debt
with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging — Contracts in Entity’s Own Equity (Subtopic
815-40)
 (“ASU 2020-06”), to simplify accounting for certain financial instruments. ASU 2020-06 reduces the number of accounting
models for convertible debt instruments and convertible preferred stock and amends the guidance for the derivatives scope exception for
contracts in an entity’s own equity to reduce from-over-substance-based accounting conclusions. The Company adopted ASU 2020-06
effective October 1, 2023, and the adoption of this guidance did not have a significant impact on the Company’s consolidated financial
statements.

Recently issued accounting pronouncements, not yet adopted

ASU 2023-06, 
Disclosure Improvements: Codification Amendments in
Response to the SEC’s Disclosure Update and Simplification Initiative
 (“ASU 2023-06”) incorporates several disclosure
and presentation requirements currently residing in SEC Regulation S-X and S-K into the ASC. The amendments are applied prospectively
and are effective when the SEC removes the related requirements from Regulation S-X and S-K. Any amendments the SEC does not remove by
June 30, 2027 will not be effective. Early adoption is prohibited. The Company is currently evaluating the potential impact of this guidance
on its disclosures.  

ASU 2023-07, 
Segment Reporting
– Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures
 (“ASU 2023-07”), requires enhanced disclosures related to significant
segment expenses and a description of how the chief operating decision maker utilizes segment operating profit or loss to assess segment
performance. ASC 2023-07 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023 and for interim reporting periods starting after
December 15, 2024, and is to be applied retrospectively. The Company is currently evaluating the impact, if any, adoption will have on
its consolidated financial statements and disclosures.

ASU 2023-08, 
Accounting
for and Disclosure of Crypto Assets
 (“ASU 2023-08”), requires entities that hold crypto assets to subsequently measure
such assets at fair value with changes recognized in net income each reporting period. The guidance also requires crypto assets measured
at fair value to be presented separately from other intangible assets on the balance sheet and changes in the fair value measurement of
crypto assets to be presented separately on the income statement from changes in the carrying amounts of other intangible assets. ASU
2023-08 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024, with early adoption permitted. The Company adopted ASU 2023-08
on October 1, 2024 and will apply the modified retrospective transition approach. While the Company is in the process of finalizing implementation,
based on a preliminary assessment, the Company anticipates a nominal increase in fair value on digital assets held with the corresponding
cumulative-effect adjustment recorded to the opening balance of retained earnings.

ASU 2023-09, 
Income Taxes

(“ASU 2023-09”), requires disclosure of specific categories and disaggregation of information in the rate reconciliation table
and expands disclosures related to income taxes paid. The new standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024
and is to be applied prospectively. The Company is currently evaluating the impact, if any, adoption will have on its consolidated financial
statements and disclosures.

F-
18

ASU 2024-02, 
Codification
Improvements-Amendments to Remove References to the Concepts Statements
 (“ASU 2024-02”) updates accounting standards for
revenue recognition (ASC 606), lease accounting (ASC 842), and impairment of long-lived assets (ASC 360). ASU 2024-02 provides enhanced
guidance for estimating variable consideration, accounting for contract modifications, determining lease terms, and simplifying impairment
testing for long-lived assets. It also introduces increased disclosure requirements for financial instruments and derivatives. ASU
2024-02 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently
evaluating the impact, if any, adoption will have on its consolidated financial statements and disclosures.

ASU 2024-03, 
Disaggregation
of Income Statement Expenses
 (“ASU 2024-03”), requires public companies to disaggregate key expense categories, such as
inventory purchases, employee compensation and depreciation in their financial statements. This aims to improve investor insight into
company performance. ASU 2024-03 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024, and interim periods within fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2025, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact, if any, adoption will
have on its consolidated financial statements and disclosures.

NOTE 4 – REVERSE RECAPITALIZATION

On December 22, 2023, Old Nukk and Brilliant consummated
the merger contemplated by the Business Combination with Old Nukk surviving the merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Brilliant.

Upon the closing of the Business Combination,
Brilliant’s certificate of incorporation was amended and restated to, among other things, set the total number of authorized shares
of capital to 
55,000,000
 shares, of which 
40,000,000
 shares were designated common stock, $
0.0001
 par value per share, and of which 
15,000,000

shares were designated preferred stock, $
0.0001
 par value per share.

Upon the consummation of the Business Combination,
each share of Old Nukk common stock issued and outstanding was cancelled and converted into the right to receive a pro-rata portion of

1,312,494
 shares of the Company’s common stock.

Outstanding stock options, whether vested or unvested,
to purchase shares of Old Nukk common stock (see Note 15) converted into stock options for shares of the Company’s common stock
(each, an “Assumed Option”), upon the same terms and conditions that were in effect with respect to such stock options immediately
prior to the Business Combination, after giving effect to an exchange ratio applicable to the Old Nukk outstanding stock options of 
1:35
.

Outstanding Public Warrants and Private Warrants
(see Note 14) to purchase shares of Brilliant Ordinary Shares remained outstanding at the Closing Date. The warrants became exercisable
30 days after the completion of the Business Combination and will expire 
five years
 after the completion of the Business Combination or
earlier upon redemption or liquidation. Subsequent to the Business Combination, there were 
837,625
 Company warrants outstanding.

A backstop pool was determined to be 
26,668
, 
40
%
of the aggregate number of Brilliant Ordinary shares and Brilliant Rights, in accordance with the terms of the merger agreements (the
“Backstop Pool”) and was issued to certain holders of Brilliant Ordinary Shares, Brilliant Rights, and Brilliant Warrants
as follows:

●

Certain Brilliant shareholders received an additional issuance of shares or warrants as follows:

o

Holders of Brilliant Ordinary Shares received shares of the Company’s common stock equal to their pro rata share of the Backstop Pool

o

Holders of Brilliant Rights received shares of the Company’s common stock equal to their pro-rata share of the Backstop Pool

o

Holders of Brilliant Warrants, other than warrants held by Brilliant’s sponsor or affiliates, received additional Company Warrants that will be exercisable to receive a share of the Company’s common stock plus an additional number of Company warrants equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate number of Brilliant Ordinary Shares and Brilliant Rights outstanding.

In connection with the Business Combination, certain Brilliant shareholders
exercised their right to redeem certain of their outstanding shares for cash, resulting in the redemption of 
41,305
 shares of Brilliant
Class A Ordinary Shares at approximately $
92.56
 per share, for gross redemption payments of $
3,822,431
. Additionally, a balance owed to
the sponsor of Brilliant totaling $
3,881,627
 was settled through the issuance of 
12,935
 shares of the Company’s common stock.

F-
19

The Business Combination is accounted for as a
reverse recapitalization in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Under this method of accounting, Brilliant was treated as the “acquired”
company for financial reporting purposes. See Note 1 “Description of business and basis of presentation” for further details.
Accordingly, for accounting purposes, the Business Combination was treated as the equivalent of Old Nukk issuing stock for the net assets
of Brilliant, accompanied by a recapitalization. The net assets of Brilliant are stated as historical cost, with no goodwill or intangible
assets recorded.

Prior to the Business Combination, Old Nukk and
Brilliant filed separate standalone federal, state and local income tax returns. As a result of the Business Combination, Old Nukk will
file a consolidated income tax return. Although, for legal purposes, Brilliant acquired Old Nukk, and the transaction represents a reverse
acquisition for federal income tax purposes. Brilliant will be the parent of the consolidated group, with Old Nukk a subsidiary, but in
the year of the closing of the Business Combination, Old Nukk will file a full year tax return with Brilliant joining in the return the
day after the Closing Date.

The following table reconciles the elements of
the Business Combination to the consolidated statements of cash flows and the consolidated statements of changes in stockholders’
deficit for the year ended September 30, 2024:

Cash – Brilliant trust and cash (net of redemption)

$
848,746

Less: transaction costs and advisory fees paid

(
698,585
)

Net Business Combination financing

$
150,161

The number of shares of the Company’s common
stock issued immediately following the consummation of the Business Combination were:

Ordinary Shares, outstanding prior to Business Combination

50,474

Less: Redemption of Brilliant Ordinary Shares

(
41,305
)

Common stock of Brilliant

9,169

Brilliant Rights

57,500

Brilliant Founder shares

143,750

Brilliant Backstop Pool

26,668

Sponsors and Others (include Rights)

84,408

Business Combination and Brilliant shares

321,495

Old Nukk shares
(1)

1,312,494

Total shares of common stock immediately after Business Combination

1,633,989

Issuance of shares of common stock to settle certain obligations to vendors

361,533

Issuance shares of common stock to settle certain due to affiliates

94,710

Issuance of shares of common stock to settle certain notes payable – related parties

8,767

Total shares of common stock at September 30, 2024

2,098,999

(1)
Old Nukk shares exchanged for 
1,312,494
 shares of the Company’s
common stock consisted of the following:

Old Nukk

The Company

Old Nukk common shares outstanding at September 30, 2022

367,175,886

1,259,333

Old Nukk common shares issued to advisors of Brilliant in exchange for receivable from Brilliant – December 14, 2023

13,858,824

47,533

Old Nukk common shares issued to advisors of Old Nukk in exchange for services received – December 14, 2023

1,641,176

5,628

Total Old Nukk shares exchanged in the Business Combination

382,675,886

1,312,494

F-
20

Lock-up Agreements: 
Certain former stockholders of Old
Nukk and Brilliant have agreed to lockup restrictions regarding the future transfer shares of common stock. Such shares may not be transferred
or otherwise disposed of for a period of two years through December 23, 2025, subject to certain exceptions.

Transaction costs:

Transaction costs and advisory fees incurred in connection with the
Business Combination charged to additional paid-in capital for the year ended September 30, 2024 totaled $
938,416
. Transaction costs and
fees incurred by Brilliant, but settled through the issuance of shares of Old Nukk’s common stock prior to closing of the Business
Combination were valued at $
1,802,184
 and included as a component of professional fees on the accompanying consolidated statement of operations
and comprehensive loss for the year ended September 30, 2024. Transaction costs and fees incurred by Brilliant and remained outstanding
at Closing total $
450,000
 and are included as a component of accrued professional fees within accrued expenses and other current liabilities
on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2024.

NOTE 5 – OTHER CURRENT
ASSETS

At September 30, 2024 and 2023 other current
assets consisted of the following:

September 30,

September 30,

2024

2023

Prepaid expenses

$
190,489

$
     -

Cash in escrow

62,187

-

Security deposit

24,090

21,954

Others

2,682

10,568

Total

$
279,448

$
32,522

NOTE 6 –  CUSTOMER ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

The following table presents customer assets and
liabilities:

September 30,

September 30,

2024

2023

Customer custodial funds

$
31,781

$
672,501

Customer digital currency assets

615,361

-

Total customer assets

$
647,142

$
672,501

Customer custodial cash liabilities

$
827,589

$
1,443,011

Customer digital currency liabilities

23,605

-

Total customer liabilities

$
851,194

$
1,443,011

F-
21

The customer assets and liabilities were in a deficit position of $
204,052

and $
770,510
 at September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. During the years ended September 30, 2024 and
2023, no losses have been incurred in connection with customer digital currency assets.

The following table sets forth the fair value
of customer digital currency assets (see Note 13), as shown in the consolidated balance sheets:

September 30, 2024

September 30, 2023

Fair Value

Percentage of

Total

Fair Value

Percentage of

Total

Stablecoin/USD Coin

$
589,401

95.8
%

—

—
%

Other

25,960

4.2
%

—

—
%

Total customer digital currency assets

$
615,361

100.0
%

—

—
%

NOTE 7 – INVESTMENT

The Company acquired 
5.0
% of the issued and outstanding
ordinary shares of a private entity focused on digital asset management that has received regulatory approval to launch the world’s
first tier 
one
 Bitcoin exchange-traded fund (“ETF”) during December 2021. 
The changes in the carrying value of the investment
accounted for under the measurement alternative are presented below:

Year Ended September 30,

2024

2023

Carrying amount, beginning of period

$
391,217

$
6,602,000

Impairment loss

(
391,217
)

(
6,210,783
)

Carrying amount, end of period

$
-

$
391,217

NOTE 8 – INTANGIBLE ASSETS, NET

Intangible assets, net consists of acquired intangible
assets and digital assets.

Acquired intangible assets: 
Acquired intangible
assets and their associated weighted average remaining useful lives consisted of the follow:

Weighted
 Average
 Remaining

September 30,

September 30,

 Life (Years)

2024

2023

Trade names

0.0

$
784,246

$
784,246

Regulatory licenses

1.5

180,227

180,227

Technology

0.0

10,300,774

10,300,774

Software

0.0

11,237

11,237

11,276,484

11,276,484

Less: accumulated amortization

(
5,553,655
)

(
5,539,945
)

Less: impairment loss

(
5,703,539
)

(
5,703,539
)

Total acquired intangible assets, net

$
19,290

$
33,000

For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023,
amortization expense of acquired intangibles assets amounted to $
13,813
 and $
2,380,115
, respectively, of which, $
0
 and $
2,106,404
, respectively,
was included in cost of revenue – financial services, and $
13,813
 and $
273,711
 was included in operating expenses, respectively.

F-
22

Amortization of intangible assets attributable to future periods is
as follows:

Amortization

For the Year Ending September 30:

Amount

2025

$
13,825

2026

5,465

$
19,290

Digital Assets: 
The following
table summarizes the Company’s digital asset holdings as of September 30, 2024:

Asset

Estimated Useful Life

Cost

Impairment

Digital Assets

Bitcoin

Indefinite

$
214

$
       -

$
214

Ethereum

Indefinite

182

-

182

Total digital assets

$

396

$
-

$
396

The following table summarizes the Company’s
digital asset holdings as of September 30, 2023:

Asset

Estimated Useful Life

Cost

Impairment

Digital Assets

Bitcoin

Indefinite

$
894

$
         -

$
894

Ethereum

Indefinite

709

-

709

Stablecoin/USD Coin

Indefinite

284

-

284

Other

Indefinite

86

-

86

Total digital assets

$

1,973

$

-

$
1,973

NOTE 9 –
ACCRUED EXPENSES AND OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES

At September 30,
2024 and 2023, accrued expenses and other current liabilities consisted of the following:

September 30,

September 30,

2024

2023

Accrued professional fees

$
970,677

$
160,926

Accrued payroll liability and directors’ compensation

636,166

402,241

Unearned revenue

166,369

$
151,617

Interest payable

27,499

-

Others

185,267

18,255

Total

$
1,985,978

$
733,039

F-
23

NOTE 10 – LOANS PAYABLE –
RELATED PARTIES

The Company’s loans payable –
related parties consisted of the following:

September 30,

September 30,

2024

2023

July 2023 Loan

$
-

$
75,619

August 2023 Loan

26,442

75,000

September 2023 Loan

-

270,000

Shareholder 2024 Loans

1,353,639

-

March 2024 Loan

291,305

-

March 2024 Facility

429,131

-

July 2024 Loan

1,213,348

-

Total

3,313,865

$
420,619

Less: loans payable – related parties, current portion

(
2,347,809
)

-

Loans payable – related parties, net of current portion

$
966,056

$
420,619

In July 2023, the Company issued a promissory
note in exchange for cash consideration (the “July 2023 Loan”) for GBP 
58,000
 ($
77,623
 and $
75,619
 at September 30, 2024 and
2023, respectively) to a shareholder. The July 2023 Loan bears interest of 
5.0
% per annum and is due and payable on July 19, 2026. In
November 2023, the Company borrowed an additional GBP 
4,000
 ($
5,353
 at September 30, 2024) from the same Company officer and
director. The July 2023 Loan and related accrued interest was repaid in full in November 2023.

In August 2023,
the Company issued a promissory note in exchange for cash consideration (the “August 2023 Loan”) for $
75,000
 to a shareholder.
The August 2023 Loan bears interest of 
5.0
% per annum and is due and payable on August 15, 2026. In January 2024, $
50,000
 of the principal
of the August 2023 Loan was repaid.

In September 2023, the Company issued a promissory
note in exchange for cash consideration (the “September 2023 Loan”) for $
270,000
 to a Company shareholder. The September 2023
Loan bears interest of 
5.0
% per annum and is due and payable on September 18, 2026. In December 2023, the outstanding principal and interest
of $
270,563
 due on the September 2023 Loan was settled through the issuance of 
8,767
 shares of the Company’s common stock (see Note
14). As of September 30, 2024, the September 2023 Loan is repaid in full.

During the year
ended September 30, 2024, the Company issued promissory notes in the aggregate principal of $
1,105,639
 and $
248,000
 to a shareholder
and to an entity managed by that shareholder, respectively, (collectively, the “Shareholder 2024 Loans”), in consideration
of cash proceeds in the same amount in the following tranches:

October 2023

$
199,000

December 2023

424,000

January 2024

25,000

February 2024

188,000

March 2024

80,000

April 2024

31,000

May 2024

100,000

June 2024

120,500

July 2024

59,000

August 2024

58,000

September 2024

69,139

Total

$
1,353,639

F-
24

The 2024
Shareholder Loans bear interest of 
5.0
% per annum and each individual loan will be due and payable 
three years
 from the date of
issuance.

In March 2024, the Company entered
into a facility agreement with a shareholder (the “March 2024 Facility”), whereby a Company’s subsidiary can request
loans up to an aggregate $
500,000
 from the shareholder. The proceeds from advances under the March 2024 Facility are restricted to
fund working capital and operating expense. Advances drawn under the March 2024 Facility bear interest of 
4.0
% per month. This loan will
be repaid in installments in accordance with the terms of the March 2024 Facility, with the last installment due on July 31, 2024. In
April 2024, $
11,820
, a portion of the March 2024 Facility’s outstanding principal was exchanged for due from affiliates (see Note
17). As of September 30, 2024, the outstanding principal balance and accrued and unpaid interest of the March 2024 Facility was GBP 
320,646

and GBP 
115,433
, respectively ($
429,131
 and $
154,487
, respectively), at September 30, 2024.

In March 2024, the Company entered into
a loan agreement with a Company shareholder (the “March 2024 Loan”), providing the Company with a loan up to GBP 
395,000
 ($
528,640

at September 30, 2024). The proceeds from advances under the March 2024 Loan are restricted to fund working capital and operating expense.
Advances drawn under the March 2024 Loan bear interest at a rate of 
10.0
% per annum. This March 2024 Loan is unsecured and is due
and payable on March 31, 2025. In April 2024, GBP 
32,337
 ($
37,198
 at the exchange date), a portion of the March 2024 Loan’s outstanding
principal, was exchanged for note receivable – related party (see Note 17). As of September 30, 2024, the outstanding principal
balance and accrued and unpaid interest was GBP 
217,663
 and GBP 
10,883
, respectively ($
291,305
 and $
14,565
, respectively), at September
30, 2024.

In July 2024, a shareholder of the Company
made payments on the Company’s behalf to settle an obligation with an affiliate in which the shareholder has a controlling interest.
The shareholder entered into an assignment of debt agreement with the affiliate whereby the affiliate assigned its right, title obligation
and interest in the obligation by the Company to the shareholder (the “July 2024 Loan”). The July 2024 Loan is noninterest
bearing and was due and payable at issuance.

In June 2024, as part of the terms of
a note payable entered into, 
30.0
% of the loans payable with the shareholder of the August 2023 Loan, September 2023 Loan, 2024 Shareholder
Loans, and July 2024 Loan was due and payable on demand.

For the year ended September 30, 2024
and 2023, the interest expense related to above loans payable – related parties amounted to $
206,733
 and $
1,776
, respectively,
and has been reflected as a component of other (expense) income on the accompanying consolidated
statements of operations and comprehensive loss.

As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, the
related accrued and unpaid interest for above loans was $
215,637
 and $
1,771
, respectively, whereby $
46,585
 and $
1,771
, respectively,
was reflected as interest payable – related parties, net of current portion on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and
$
169,052
 and 
$0
, respectively, was reflected as interest payable – related parties, current on the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets.

The loans
payable – related parties mature as follows:

For the Year Ending September 30:

2025

$
2,347,809

2026

966,056

$
3,313,865

F-
25

NOTE 11 – NOTE PAYABLE, NET

In November 2023,
the Company entered into a loan agreement pursuant to which the Company borrowed $
50,000
. The loan agreements bears a fixed interest
of 
0
% per annum and is payable on demand. In January 2024, this loan was repaid in full.

In April 2024,
the Company issued a promissory note in the principal amount of $
78,000
 to an investor   in consideration of cash proceeds
in the same amount (the “April 2024 Loan”). In addition, the Company issued a stock purchase warrant for the purchase of 
14,535
 shares
of the Company’s common stock (the “April 2024 Warrant”) that is exercisable for 
three years
 at an exercise price of
$
0.86
 per warrant. The April 2024 Loan bears interest of 
8.0
% per annum and is due and payable on April 30, 2025. The April 2024
Warrant was determined to be an equity classified warrant and fair value of $
40,804
   determined using the Black-Scholes option-pricing
model with the following assumptions: volatility of 
174.03
%, risk-free rate of 
4.87
%, annual dividend yield of 
0.0
% and
expected life of 
3
 years. The principal amount of the April 2024 Loan was allocated to the April 2024 Loan and April 2024 Warrant
in the amount of $
37,196
 and $
40,804
, respectively. The amount allocated to the April 2024 Warrant were recorded as a discount on the
April 2024 Loan.

For the year ended September 30, 2024, amortization
of debt discount and interest expense related to the April 2024 Loan amounted to $
17,002
 and $
2,633
, respectively, which are both
included as a component of interest expense on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss.

NOTE 12 –
CONVERTIBLE NOTES PAYABLE, NET

The Company’s
convertible notes payable consisted of the following:

September 30,

September 30,

2024

2023

June 2024 Note

$
312,500

$
         -

Additional June 2024 Notes

62,500

-

August 2024 Note

515,000

-

September 2024 Note

125,000

-

1,015,000

-

Less: debt issuance
    costs

(
380,991
)

-

Convertible notes payable,
    net

$

634,009

$
-

June 2024 Note:
 On June 11, 2024,
the Company issued a senior unsecured promissory note (the “June 2024 Note”) in the principal amount of $
312,500
 to a
lender (the “Lender”), in consideration of cash proceeds in the amount of $
250,000
 after an original issue discount of
$
62,500
. The June 2024 Note bears interest of 
12.0
% per annum and is due and payable six months after issuance. The Lender shall
have the right to convert the principal and interest payable under the June 2024 Note into shares of the Company’s common stock
at a per share conversion price of $
2.00
. In addition, the Company issued the lender a stock purchase warrant (the “June 2024 Warrant”)
to acquire 
150,000
 shares of the Company’s common stock at a per share price of $
2.00
 for a term of 
five years
 that
may be exercised on a cash or cashless basis. The number of shares and exercise prices of the June 2024 Note and the June 2024 Warrant
reflect the October 2024 reverse stock split.

The June 2024 Warrant was determined to be an
equity classified warrant and fair value of $
989,746
 was determined using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following assumptions:
volatility of 
182.23
%, risk-free rate of 
4.41
%, annual dividend yield of 
0.0
% and expected life of five years.
The Company recorded a total debt discount of $
300,009
 related to the original issue discount and the June 2024 Warrant. The principal
amount of the June 2024 Note was allocated to the June 2024 Note and the June 2024 Warrant in the amount of $
74,991
 and $
237,509
, respectively.
The amount allocated to the original issue discount and the June 2024 Warrant were recorded as a discount on the June 2024 Note, which
will be amortized to interest expense using the effective interest rate method over the term of the June 2024 Note.

In connection with
the June 2024 Note, the Company and Lender entered into a restructuring agreement (the “Restructuring Agreement”), providing,
among other things,

●
the Lender, in its sole discretion, will have the right for a period for six months commencing June 11, 2024 (the “Investment Period”), to lend the Company an additional $
500,000
 in exchange for an additional convertible promissory note that will have a term of 
two years
, bear interest at 
12.0
% and will convert into shares of the Company’s common stock at a per share price of $
2.00
.

●
the
                                            Company may not incur additional debt or enter into any equity financing arrangement without
                                            the written consent of the Lender during the Investment Period.

F-
26

●
The
                                            Company will negotiate the sale of a wholly-owned subsidiary to the wholly-owned subsidiary’s
                                            current management team subject to approval of the Company’s Board of Directors and
                                            shareholders, among other rules and regulations.

●
The
                                            Lender will be the Company’s exclusive advisor in respect to potential acquisitions
                                            by the Company. Any such acquisition proposal provided by the Lender will be subject to the
                                            Lender and such party entering a definitive binding agreement and the Board of Directors
                                            and shareholders of the Company approving such acquisition.

In connection with
the June 2024 Note, a shareholder, the Company, and the Lender entered into a voting agreement whereby the shareholder agreed to vote
his shares in support of any potential acquisition proposed by the Lender. Additionally, the Company and the Lender 
30.0
% of loans payable
between the Company and this shareholder and between the Company and affiliate entities the shareholder controls will become due and
payable on March 11, 2025 and the remaining 
70.0
% of loans payable between the Company and this shareholder and between the Company and
affiliate entities the shareholder controls will become due and payable on June 11, 2026.

Additional June
2024 Notes:
 On June 17, 2024 and June 18, 2024, the Company issued two additional
notes, each in the principal amount of $
31,250
, to the Lender, in consideration of cash proceeds in the amount of $
25,000
 each after
an original issue discount of $
6,250
 each (collectively, the “Additional June 2024 Notes”). The Additional June 2024 Notes
bear interest of 
12.0
% per annum and are due and payable six months after issuance. The Lender shall have the right to convert the
principal and interest payable under the Additional June 2024 Notes into shares of the Company’s common stock at a per share conversion
price of $
2.00
. The Company recorded a total debt discount of $
12,500
 related to the original issue discount. The conversion
exercise price for the Additional June 2024 Notes reflect the October 2024 reverse stock split.

August 2024 Note:
 In August 2024, the Company
issued a senior unsecured promissory note (the “August 2024 Note”) in the principal amount of $
515,000
 to a new lender
in consideration of cash proceeds in the amount of $
412,075
. The August 2024 Note bears interest of 
12.0
% per annum and is due and
payable six months after issuance. The lender shall have the right to convert the principal and interest payable under the August 2024
Note into shares of common stock of the Company at a per share conversion price of $
2.50
. In addition, the Company issued the lender
a stock purchase warrant (the “August 2024 Warrant”) to acquire 
175,000
 shares of common stock at a per share price
of $
2.00
 for a term of 
five years
 that may be exercised on a cash or cashless basis. The number of shares and exercise
prices for the August 2024 Note and August 2024 Warrant reflect the October 2024 reverse stock split.

The August 2024 Warrant was determined to be
an equity classified warrant and fair value was calculated as $
447,316
 using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following
assumptions: volatility of 
183.31
%, risk-free rate of 
3.84
%, annual dividend yield of 
0.0
% and expected life of 
five
 years.
The Company recorded a total debt discount of $
342,314
 related to the original issue discount and August 2024 Warrant, which will be
amortized over the term of the August 2024 Note. The principal amount of the August 2024 Note was allocated to the August 2024 Note and
the August 2024 Warrant in the amount of $
275,611
 and $
239,389
, respectively. The amount allocated to the original issue discount and
the August 2024 Warrant were recorded as a discount on the August 2024 Note, which will be amortized to interest expense using the effective
interest rate method over the term of the August 2024 Note.

The Company did not obtain the Lender’s
written consent prior to entering into the August 2024 Note, violating the terms of the Restructuring Agreement. Accordingly, the Lender
exercised its rate to terminate the current CEO and appoint an additional member to the Board (see Note 17).

September 2024
Note:
 On September 10, 2024, the Company issued an additional Senior Unsecured Promissory Note (the “September 2024 Note”)
in the principal amount of $
125,000
 to a lender in consideration of cash proceeds in the amount of $
100,000
, which was funded on
September 4, 2024. The September 2024 Note bears interest of 
12.0
% per annum and is due and payable six months after issuance. The
total debt discount of $
25,000
 related to the original issue discounts of the September 2024 Note will be amortized over the term.

For the year ended September 30, 2024, amortization
of debt discount and interest expense related to convertible promissory notes amounted to $
298,832
 and $
24,866
, respectively, which
are both included as a component of interest expense on the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive
loss.

F-
27

NOTE 13 – FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT

The following table
sets forth by level, within the fair value hierarchy, the Company’s assets and liabilities measured and recorded at fair value
on a recurring basis as of September 30, 2024:

Quoted 

Significant
 Other

Significant

Price 
in

Observable

Unobservable

Balance at

Active Markets

Inputs

Inputs

September 30,

(Level
    1)

(Level
    2)

(Level
    3)

2024

Assets

Customer digital currency assets

$
         —

$
615,361

       —

$
615,361

Total assets

$
—

$
615,361

$
—

$
615,361

Liabilities

Customer digital currency liabilities

$
—

$
23,605

$
—

$
23,605

Total liabilities

$
—

$
23,605

$
—

$
23,605

Customer digital
currency assets and liabilities represent the Company’s obligation to safeguard customer digital currencies. Accordingly, the Company
has valued the assets and liabilities using quoted market prices for the underlying digital currencies which is based on Level 2 inputs.
The Company did not make any transfers into or out of Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy during the years ended September 30, 2024 and
2023.

The Company had
no assets or liabilities measured and recorded at fair value on a recurring basis as of September 30, 2023.

NOTE 14 – 
STOCKHOLDERS’
DEFICIT

The Company consummated the Business Combination
on December 22, 2023, which has been accounted for as a reverse recapitalization (see Note 1 and Note 4).

As a result of
the 2024 Reverse Stock Split, each eight pre-split shares of common stock outstanding automatically combined and converted to one issued
and outstanding share of common stock without any action on the part of stockholders. No fractional shares of common stock were issued
to any stockholders in connection with the 2024 Reverse Stock Split. Each stockholder was entitled to receive one share of common stock
in lieu of the fractional share that would have resulted from the 2024 Reverse Stock Split. The number of the Company’s authorized
common stock remain unchanged, and the par value of the common stock following the 2024 Reverse Stock Split remained at $
0.0001
 per
share.

The Company has
retrospectively adjusted the Old Nukk common shares issued and outstanding prior to December 23, 2023 to give effect to the Business
Combination and for the eight-for-one reverse stock split.

F-
28

Preferred Stock:

The Company is authorized to issue 
15,000,000
 shares of preferred stock with a par value of $
0.0001
 per share. The Company’s
board of directors is authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating, option
or other special rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each series. As of
September 30, 2024 and 2023, there were 
no
 shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding.

Common stock:

The Company is authorized to issue 
150,000,000
 shares of common stock with a par value of $
0.0001
 per shares, of which 
2,098,999
 and

1,259,333
 shares were issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
The following shares of common stock are
reserved for future issuance:

Convertible notes payable

467,400

Stock options issued and outstanding under Old Nukk equity incentive plan

15,538

Authorized for future grant under 2023 Equity Incentive Plan

125,000

Warrants

1,177,160

1,785,098

Dividend rights

the holders of common stock are entitled to receive dividends and other distributions, as and if declared by the Board out of assets
or funds of the Company legally available and shall share equally on a per share basis.

Voting rights:

the common stock possesses all voting power of the Company. Each share of common stock is entitled to 
one
 vote.

Liquidation:

In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, after payment or provision of payment of the debts and
other liabilities of the Company, the holders of common stock are entitled to receive the remaining assets of the Company available for
distribution ratably in proportion to the number of shares of common stock held by them.

In December 2023, 
47,533
 shares of Old Nukk common stock with a fair
value of $
1,802,215
 as determined on the issuance date using the reported closing share price was issued to the sponsor of Brilliant in
exchange for a receivable from Brilliant. Upon closing of the Business Combination, the receivable recorded by the Company was exchanged
with the payable recorded by Brilliant, resulting in a reduction in additional paid-in capital as part of the reverse recapitalization.

In December 2023, 
5,629
 shares of Old Nukk common
stock with a fair value of $
213,386
 as determined on the issuance date using the reported closing share prices was issued as consideration
for services performed by advisors to Old Nukk in connection with the business combination and recorded as a component of deferred transaction
cost on the balance sheet. Upon closing of the Business Combination, the deferred transaction costs were reclassified to a reduction in
additional paid-in capital as part of the reverse recapitalization.

In December 2023, 
8,767

shares of Old Nukk common stock with a fair value of $
613,410
 as determined on the issuance date using the reported closing share prices
were issued as settlement of loans payable – related parties with a carrying value of $
270,563
. The excess of the fair value of
the shares issued over the carrying value of the loans payable – related parties of $
342,847
 was treated as a capital reduction
as the debt holder is a Company shareholder.

In December 2023, 
94,710
 shares of Old Nukk common stock with a fair
value of $
6,627,315
 as determined on the issuance date using the reported closing share prices were issued as settlement of due to affiliates
with a carrying value of $
2,727,061
. The excess of the fair value of the shares issued over the carrying value of the due to affiliate
of $
3,900,254
 was treated as a capital reduction as the affiliate is an entity that is controlled by a Company shareholder.

The Company issued the shares of its common stock to settle obligations
to vendors were valued at fair value on the grant dates using the reported closing share prices on the dates of grant as follows:

Common

stock shares

Fair value

Carrying

value

obligation

Gain (loss) on

extinguishment

January 2024

25,338

$
750,000

$
750,000

$
-

May 2024

87,500

501,000

324,601

(
176,399
)

July 2024

148,694

374,788

262,352

(
112,436
)

July 2024

37,500

95,400

252,000

156,600

July 2024

37,500

95,400

150,000

54,600

July 2024

25,000

63,600

63,600

-

361,532

$
1,880,188

$
1,802,553

$
(
77,635
)

The excess of the fair value of the shares issued over the carrying
value of the associated vendor obligation was treated as a loss on debt extinguishment while the excess of the carrying value of the vendor
obligation over the fair value of the shares issued was treated as a gain on debt extinguishment. Both were recorded as a component of
other (expense) income, net on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss as the vendor does not have
an affiliate relationship with the Company directly or indirectly.

F-
29

Warrants:

Public Warrants:

On June 26, 2020, Brilliant completed an initial public offering that included warrants for shares of common stock (the “Public
Warrants’). Each Public Warrant entitles the holder the right to purchase 
one
 share of common stock at an exercise price of $
11.50

per share. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the Public Warrants. The Company may elect to redeem the Public Warrants,
in whole and not in part, at a price of $
0.01
 per Public Warrant if (i) 
30
 days’ prior written notice of redemption is provided
to the holders, and (ii) the last reported sale price of the Company’s common stock equals or exceeds $
16.50
 per share (as adjusted
for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period
ending on the third business day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. Upon issuance
of a redemption notice by the Company, the warrant holders have a period of 
30
 days to exercise for cash, or on a cashless basis. On
the Closing Date, there were 
805,000
 Public Warrants issued and outstanding.

Private Warrants:

Simultaneous with Brilliant’s initial public offering in June 2020, Brilliant sold warrants to its sponsor and certain of its
directors and advisors in a private placement (the “Private Warrants”). The Private Warrants may not be redeemed by the Company
so long as the Private Warrants are held by the initial purchasers, or such purchasers’ permitted transferees. The Private Warrants
have terms and provisions identical to the Public Warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period, except
if the Private Warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchasers’ permitted transferees, then the Private Warrants
are redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. On the Closing Date, there were

32,625
 Private Warrants issued and outstanding.

As a result of
the Business Combination which was completed on December 22, 2023, Public Warrants and Private Warrants totaling 
837,625
 were converted
into 
837,625
 warrants of the Company.

Stock Purchase Warrants:
 In connection
with certain note payable agreements (see Note 11) and certain convertible notes payable (see Note 12), the Company issued stock purchase
warrants to certain lenders that permit the lender to acquire a fixed amount of shares of the Company’s common stock at a per share
price that ranges between $
0.25
 and $
0.3125
 for a term that ranges between three and five years that may be exercised on a cash or cashless
basis.

All warrants were
determined to have equity classification at issuance, and as such, were recorded to additional-paid-in capital at the time of issuance.

The following table summarizes the shares
of the Company’s common stock issuable upon exercise of warrants outstanding at September 30, 2024:

Warrants Outstanding

Range of
 Exercise
 Price

Number
 Outstanding at
 September 30,
 2024

Weighted
 Average
 Remaining
 Contractual
 Life (Years)

Weighted
 Average
 Exercise
 Price

Public
and Private Warrants

$
92.00

837,625

3.02

$
65.46

April 2024 Warrants

6.88

14,535

0.03

0.08

June 2024 Warrants

2.00

150,000

0.61

0.25

August 2024 Warrants

2.00

175,000

0.72

0.30

$
2.00
 – 
92.00

1,177,160

4.38

$
66.09

F-
30

Warrant activities for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023
were as follows:

Number of 
 Options

Weighted 
 Average 
 Exercise

 Price

Outstanding at September 30, 2022

837,625

$
65.46

Issued

-

-

Outstanding at September 30, 2023

837,625

65.46

Issued

339,535

0.63

Outstanding at September 30, 2024

1,177,160

$
66.09

NOTE 15 – STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION

Old Nukk Equity Incentive Plan

For periods prior to the reverse recapitalization
(see Note 4), the Old Nukk Equity Incentive Plan (the “Old Nukk Plan”) permitted the granting of various awards including
stock options (including both nonqualified options and incentive options), stock appreciate rights (“SARs”), stock awards,
phantom stock units, performance awards and other share-based awards to employees, outside directors and consultants, and advisors to
the Company. Only stock options have been awarded to consultants and advisors under the Old Nukk Plan.

Assumed Options
converted into an option to purchase a number of shares of the Company’s common stock equal to the product of the number of shares
of Old Nukk common stock and the Exchange Ratio at an exercise price per share equal to the exercise price of the Assumed Options divided
by the Exchange Ratio. Each Assumed Option is governed by the same terms and conditions applicable to the Assumed Options prior to the
Business Combination. No further grants can be made under the Old Nukk Plan.

Stock options generally
vest over one to three years, with a maximum term of ten years from the date of grant. These awards become available to the recipient
upon the satisfaction a vesting condition based on a period of service. 
Activity in the Old Nukk Plan for the years ended September 30,
2024 and 2023 is summarized as follows:

Number
    of 
Options

Weighted

Average 
Exercise Price

Outstanding at September 30, 2022

20,896

$
187.87

Expired

(
5,358
)

(
186.67
)

Outstanding at September 30, 2023 and 2024

15,538

188.28

Options exercisable at September 30, 2024

15,180

$
189.75

Options expected to vest

358

$
126.00

The aggregate intrinsic value of both
stock options outstanding and stock options exercisable at September 30, 2024 was $
0
. The exercise price of all outstanding options was
greater than the market price on September 30, 2024, and therefore excluded from the intrinsic value computation.

Share-based compensation expense under the Old Nukk Plan for the years
ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was $
229,605
 and $
370,878
, respectively, which was recorded as professional fees on the accompanying
consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. Unrecognized share-based compensation expense totaled $
5,603
 and is expected
to be recognized over a weighted average remaining term of 
0.25
 years.

F-
31

2023 Equity
Incentive Plan

On December 22,
2023, the Company’s shareholders approved a new long-term incentive award plan (the “2023 Plan”) in connection with
the Business Combination. The 2023 Plan is administered by the Board. The selection of participants, allotment of shares, determination
of price and other conditions are approved by the Board at its sole discretion to attract and retain personnel instrumental to the success
of the Company. Under the 2023 Pan, the Company may grant an aggregate of 
125,000
 shares of common stock in the form of stock options
(incentive or nonqualified), SARs, stock awards, restricted stock, stock units, and other stock or cash based awards. No grants have
been authorized to date by the Company’s Board under the 2023 Plan.

NOTE 16 – INCOME TAXES

The components of net loss were attributable
to the following regions:

Years Ended September 30,

2024

2023

United States

$
7,638,784

$
16,285,346

Foreign

879,736

1,143,082

Total

$
8,518,520

$
17,428,428

The components of income taxes expense
consisted of the following:

Years Ended September 30,

2024

2023

Current:

Federal

$

—

$

—

State

—

—

Foreign

—

—

Total current income taxes expense

—

—

Deferred:

Federal

(
1,428,756

)

(
665,382

)

State

(
483,736

)

(
225,279

)

Foreign

(
163,087

)

(
98,604

)

Total deferred income taxes (benefit)

(
2,075,579

)

(
989,265

)

Change in valuation allowance

2,075,579

989,265

Total income taxes expense

$

—

$

—

The reconciliations
of the statutory income tax rate and the Company’s effective income tax rate were as follows:

Years Ended September 30,

2024

2023

Statutory federal income tax rate

21.0
%

21.0
%

State tax

6.0
%

0.8
%

Foreign rate different rates

(
0.2
)%

(
0.1
)%

Permanent differences

(
0.9
)%

(
17.2
)%

Change in valuation allowance

(
25.9
)%

(
4.5
)%

Effective tax rate

0.0
%

0.0
%

F-
32

The components of the Company’s
net deferred tax assets (liabilities) as of September 30, 2024 and 2023 were as follows:

September 30,

September 30,

2024

2023

Deferred tax assets

Net operating loss carry-forwards

$
2,917,949

$
1,726,620

Accrued directors’ compensation

137,890

100,410

Stock-based compensation

718,518

653,976

Impairment of digital assets

-

1,511

Allowance for credit losses

11,027

123,554

Unrealized foreign currency exchange loss

-

612

Capitalized SPAC acquisition related professional fee

1,261,780

364,902

Total deferred tax assets, gross

5,047,164

2,971,585

Valuation allowance

(
5,047,164
)

(
2,971,585
)

Total deferred tax assets

$
-

$
-

The Company
provided a valuation allowance equal to the deferred income tax assets for years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 because it is not
presently known whether future taxable income will be sufficient to utilize the loss carry-forwards. The valuation allowance could be
reduced or eliminated based on future earnings and future estimates of taxable income. At each reporting date, management considers new
evidence, both positive and negative, that could affect its view of the future realization of deferred tax assets. On the basis of this
evaluation, only the portion of the deferred tax asset that is more likely than not to be realized was recognized. However, if the Company
is not able to generate sufficient taxable income from its operations in the future, then a valuation allowance to reduce the Company’s
U.S. deferred tax assets may be required, which would increase the Company’s expenses in the period the allowance is recognized.

As of September 30, 2024, the Company had $
8,439,349

in U.S. federal net operating loss carry-forwards that can be utilized in future periods to reduce taxable income. However, due to changes
in stock ownership, the use of the U.S. federal net operating loss carry-forwards is limited under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue
Code. The Company has not performed a study to determine if the loss carryforwards are subject to these Section 382 limitations. $
258,405

of the net operating loss carry-forwards will expire in fiscal years 2033 through 2038. The remaining net operating loss carry-forwards
do not expire. In addition, the Company has net operating losses in Malta and United Kingdom totaling $
447,770
 and $
1,890,545
, respectively,
with no expiration date.

As of September
30, 2024 and 2023, the Company did not identify any uncertain tax positions that would require either recognition or disclosure in the
accompanying consolidated financial statements. The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to uncertain income tax positions
in income tax expense. There was no interest or penalties recorded for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023.

The Company has
a December 31 tax year-end. The federal, state and foreign income tax returns of the Company are subject to examination by various tax
authorities, generally for three years after they are filed. The Company is not subject to income taxes in Bermuda. The Company’s
2021 through 2024 tax years are subject to examination.

NOTE 17 – RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

Departure of
Directors and Certain Officers and Election of Directors and Appointment of Certain Officers: 
On July 24, 2024, The Company’s
Chief Executive Officer (the “Original CEO”) resigned from his management position at the Company and from the Board. The
Chief Operating Officer, and a director of the Company, was appointed as the new Chief Executive Officer (the “New CEO”)
effective July 24, 2024.

The Lender, the
Original CEO, and the New CEO, entered into a settlement agreement pursuant to which the New CEO resigned from his management position
at the Company and from the Company’s Board effective September 4, 2024. In conjunction with the New CEO’s resignation, the
number of Board seats increased from six to seven and appointed two new directors to fill such vacancies, one of whom was also appointed
as Chief Executive Officer of the Company effective September 2024.

F-
33

Due from/to
affiliates: 
Amounts owed to the Company from affiliates that the Company transacts with in the normal course of business, are recorded
as due from affiliates on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and totaled $
35,045
 and $
2,039,274
 as of September 30, 2024 and
2023, respectively. Amounts owed to affiliates totaled $
579,524
 and $
6,808,749
 as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Amounts
due to and from these affiliates are short-term in nature, non-interest bearing, unsecured and repayable on demand. The nature of these
transactions consists of the following:

Financial
services revenue and due from affiliates: 
Certain of the Company’s directors, executive officers, principal owners,
including immediate family members, are either directly or indirectly, through a controlling interest in an entity, users of the
Company’s services. The Company recognized revenue from related party customers of 
$
69,619
 and $
138,419
 for the years ended
September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively.

General support services revenue,
general support services cost of revenue, due from affiliate and due to affiliate
: The Company provides general support services under
a General Services Agreement (“GSA”) with a customer, whom a Company’s shareholder has an indirect controlling interest
in. The GSA required minimum monthly payments of $
1,600,000
 during the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. The GSA was terminated
effective January 1, 2024. General support services totaling $
4,800,000
 and $
19,200,000
, respectively, were recognized as revenue –
general support services - related party on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss the years ended
September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively.

The Company utilizes a supplier, whom
a Company’s shareholder has an indirect controlling interest in, to provide general support services to its customer under a GSA
(the “GSS GSA”). For the period from October 1, 2022 through April 30, 2023, the minimum monthly payment required by the GSS
GSA was $
1,575,000
. For the period from May 1, 2023 through December 31, 2023, the minimum monthly payment required by the GSS GSA was
$
1,550,000
. Effective January 1, 2024, the Company terminated the GSS GSA. During the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, $
4,650,000

and $
18,775,000
, respectively, were recorded as cost of revenue – general support services - related party under the GSS GSA on
the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss.

In December 2023, the Company settled
an outstanding liability with the supplier totaling $
2,727,061
 through the issuance of 
94,710
 shares of the Company’s common stock
(see Note 14).

On September 30, 2024, the Company,
the customer under the GSA and the supplier under the GSS GSA entered into a release agreement pursuant to which the parties confirmed
that the GSA between the Company and the customer and the GSS GSA between the Company and the supplier were terminated effective January
1, 2024. The parties further confirmed that there are no obligations or liabilities outstanding or owed between the parties as of September
30, 2024 and each party released and forever discharged the other party from any and all claims, demands, damages, actions, causes of
action, or suits of any kind or nature whatsoever, both known and unknown, which have arisen or may arise from the GSA or the GSS GSA.
Accordingly, at September 30, 2024, the amount of $
6,141,000
 owed from the customer under the GSA, which is comprised of $
4,800,000
 of
revenues recognized during the year ended September 30, 2024, and $
1,341,000
 of revenues recognized during the year ended September 30,
2023, was written off and the obligation of $
6,082,962
 to the supplier under the GSS GSA was de-recognized. The bad debt expense and gain
recognized on the terminations of the GSA and GSS GSA, respectively, are included as components of operating expenses and other (expense)
income, respectively, on the accompanying consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss, for the year ended September 30,
2024.

Advances:

From time to time, the Company receives advances from an entity where certain of the Company’s directors, executive officers,
principal owners, including immediate family members, either directly or indirectly, have a controlling interest in the
entity (see Note 10).

Investments:
 At the time the
Company acquired a 
5.0
% interest in a privately held company’s equity securities, a shareholder of the Company and a director of
the Company owned, directly and indirectly, approximately 
40.0
% and 
10.0
% of the outstanding securities of that privately held company
(see Note 7).

Operating
expenses:
 The Company incurred $
221,660
 and $
191,765
 for professional fees provided by the Company’s directors, executive officers,
principal owners, including immediate family members, are either directly or indirectly through controlling interest in other entities
for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Additionally, entities affiliated with related parties of the Company
provide office space and administrative services such as the use of accountants to record the books and accounts of the Company at no
charge. These services are considered immaterial.

Transaction
Advisory:
 A member of the Company’s Board was also a managing director of a transaction advisory firm (“TA
Firm”) at the time the Company entered into a letter agreement in November 2021 to engage the TA firm to serve as the exclusive
transactional financial advisor and finder with respect to the Business Combination. The letter agreement of the TA Firm was terminated
effective October 2023 and the board member resigned effective October 2023. The Company incurred advisory fees totaling $
70,000
 and
$
0
 incurred during the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The TA Firm ceased being a related party at the time the
board member resigned.

Monies on behalf of related
party entities:
 Occasionally, the Company will pay monies on behalf of an affiliate or an affiliate will pay monies on behalf of
the Company.

At September 30, 2024, the Company was released from its obligation
of $
192,069
 to an affiliate where a shareholder has a controlling interest in the affiliate for services received. The Company recognized
a gain on settlement of due to affiliates as a component of other (expense) income on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations
for the year ended September 30, 2024.

At September 30,
2023, the balance of $
229,837
 owed from one affiliate where a shareholder has a controlling interest in the affiliate, represented advances
made to the affiliate and monies that the Company paid on behalf of the affiliate, were written off after exhaustive efforts at collection.

F-
34

Loans payable – related parties: 
The Company has entered
into several promissory notes with shareholders and affiliates during the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (see Note 10).

Notes receivable – related
parties

Shareholder note receivable
:
The Company originated a note receivable to a shareholder in the principal amount of $
35,000
 on September 1, 2022. The note bears a fixed
interest rate of 
5.0
% per annum with $
17,500
 maturing on 
March 1, 2023
 and $
17,500
 maturing on 
September 1, 2023
. The principal was funded
with cash custodial money. In April 2024, the outstanding balance under the note and accrued and unpaid interest totaling $
37,198
 and$
3,007
,
respectively was exchanged for loan payable – related parties (see Note 10). 

Brilliant note receivable:
 During
the year ended September 30, 2023, the Company made non-interest bearings loans with an aggregate principal of $
299,650
 to Brilliant.
The principal was payable promptly after the date on which Brilliant consummated an initial business combination with a target business.
These loans were not convertible into any securities of Brilliant. At September 30, 2023, the amount of $
299,650
 was written off after
exhaustive efforts at collection. 

Line
of credit:
  On July 31, 2023, the Company entered into a credit deed providing a $
1,000,000
 line of credit (the “Line
of Credit”) to an affiliate a shareholder’s sibling controls. The Line of Credit allows the borrower to request loans thereunder
until total advances reach $
1.0
 million. Amounts drawn under the Line of Credit bear interest at an annual rate of 
8.0
% and installment
repayments commence on December 31, 2023. The Line of Credit was collateralized by 
133,514
 shares of the Company’s common stock
that are owned by the borrower.

During the year ended September 30,
2023, $
764,892
 was advanced to the borrower under the Line of Credit. At September 30, 2023, the Company recorded a reserve for credit
loss of $
637,072
 on the Line of Credit. During December 2023, the Company and the related party company entered into a Stock Transfer
Agreement pursuant to which the collateral, 133,514 shares of the Company’s common stock owed by the related party, were to be
transferred to the Company to satisfy the amount owed under the Line of Credit. As of September 30, 2024, the transfer of the 
133,514

shares of the Company’s common stock back to the Company had not occurred and management deemed it remote that the transfer will
occur. During the year ended September 30, 2024, the Company collected $
132,826
. At September 30, 2024, after exhaustive efforts at collection
of the outstanding amounts owed under the Line of Credit and unsuccessful attempts to collect the collateral, the Company wrote off the
remaining outstanding balance of the Line of Credit against the reserve for credit loss.

For
the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the interest income related to notes receivable – related parties amounted to
$
949
 and $
12,082
, respectively, and has been included as a component of other income (expense), net on the accompanying consolidated
statements of operations and comprehensive loss.

As of September 30, 2024 and 2023,
the outstanding interest receivable related to the notes receivable – related parties was $
0
 and $
12,179
, respectively, and was
included as a component of other current assets on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.

Management determined
the due from affiliates and notes receivables – related party to be fully collectable. Therefore, no reserve for credit losses
is deemed to be required on notes receivable – related party or due from affiliates at September 30, 2024. At September 30, 2023.
The Company recorded a reserve for credit loss of $
10,199
 for the accrued and unpaid interest associated with the notes receivable –
related parties. During the year ended September 30, 2024, the Company wrote off the outstanding balance of the accrued and unpaid interest
against the reserve for credit loss.

Digital currency assets and liabilities
– related parties

At September 30, 2024 and 2023, customer
digital currency assets and liabilities, amounted to $
20,020
 and $
0
, respectively, which was included in customer digital currency
assets and liabilities on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.

NOTE 18 – COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

Indemnifications:

The Company has indemnity agreements with certain officers and directors of the Company pursuant
to which the Company must indemnify the officer or director against all expenses, judgments, fines, and amounts paid in settlement reasonably
incurred in connection with a third party proceeding, if the indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner reasonably believed to be
in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company, and in the case of a criminal proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe
the indemnitee’s conduct was unlawful. It is not possible to determine the maximum potential exposure under these indemnification
agreements: (i) because the facts and circumstances involved in each claim are unique and the Company cannot predict the number or nature
of claims that may be made; (ii) due to the unique facts and circumstances involved in each particular agreement; and (iii) due to the
requirement for a registration of the Company’s securities before any of the indemnification obligations contemplated in the IRA
become effective.

F-
35

Legal
and regulatory proceedings:
 The Company is subject to various litigation, regulatory investigations, and other legal proceedings
that arise in the ordinary course of its business. The Company is also subject to regulatory oversight by numerous regulatory and other
governmental agencies. The Company reviews its lawsuits, regulatory investigations, and other legal proceedings on an ongoing basis and
provides disclosure and records loss contingencies in accordance with the loss contingencies accounting guidance. In accordance with
such guidance, the Company establishes accruals for such matters when potential losses become probable and can be reasonably estimated.
If the Company determines that a loss is reasonably possible and the loss or range of loss can be estimated, the Company discloses the
possible loss in the consolidated financial statements.

There is a deficit between customer assets
and liabilities as of September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023. We are subject to regulatory and legal review in the jurisdictions
we operate in. There are currently no claims against the Company. Any claims or regulatory actions against us, whether meritorious
or not, could be time consuming, result in costly litigation, settlement payments, damage awards (including statutory damages for
certain causes of action in certain jurisdictions), fines, penalties, injunctive relief, or increased costs of doing business
through adverse judgment or settlement, require us to change our products, services or business practices in expensive ways, require
significant amounts of management time, result in the diversion of significant operations resources, or otherwise harm our
business.

Tax regulation:

Current promulgated tax rules related to digital assets are unclear and require significant
judgments to be made in interpretation of the law, including but not limited to the areas of income tax, information reporting, transaction
level taxes and the withholding of tax at source. 
Additional legislation or guidance may be issued by U.S. and non-U.S. governing
bodies that may differ significantly from the Company’s practices or interpretation of the law, which could have unforeseen effects on
the Company’s financial condition and results of operations, and accordingly, the related impact on the Company’s financial
condition and results of operations is not estimable.

Digital asset wallets:
 The Company has
committed to safeguard all digital assets and digital token identifiers on behalf of its customers. As such, the company may be liable
to its customers for losses arising from theft or loss of customer private keys. The Company has no reason to believe it will incur any
expense associated with such potential liability because (i) it has no known or historical experience of claims to use as a basis of measurement,
(ii) it accounts for and continually verifies the amount of digital assets within its control, and (iii) it engages third parties, which
are digital asset trading platforms, to provide certain custodial services, including holding its customers’ digital token identifiers,
securing its customers’ digital assets, and protecting them from loss or theft, including indemnification against certain types
of losses such as theft. Its third-party digital asset trading platforms hold the digital assets in accounts in the Company’s name
for the benefit of the Company’s customers.

White lion stock purchase agreement: 
On
May 17, 2022, the Company entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the “White Lion Agreement”) with White Lion Capital Partners,
LLC a California-based investment fund (“White Lion”). Under the terms of the White Lion Agreement, the Company had the right,
but not the obligation, to require White Lion to purchase shares of its common stock up to a maximum amount of $
75,000,000
. In January
2024, the Company issued 
202,702
 shares of the Company’s common stock with a fair value of $
750,000
 to settle its obligation owed
under the White Lion Agreement (see Note 14). On February 21, 2024, the Company terminated the White Lion Agreement.  

NOTE 19 - 
SEGMENTS

The Company’s operations are organized into two reporting
segments: general support services and financial services. The structure is designed to allow the Company to evaluate the performance
of its different service offerings, provide improved service and drive future growth in a cost efficient manner.

Selected information by reportable segment is presented in the following
tables:

September 30,

September 30,

2024

2023

Revenues:

General support services – related party

$
4,800,000

$
19,200,000

Financial services

1,113,461

2,097,642

Total revenues

$
5,913,461

$
21,297,642

Gross profit

General support services revenue – related party

$
150,000

425,000

Financial services

848,516

(
768,141
)

Total gross profit (loss)

$
998,516

$
(
343,141
)

Operating expenses

Financial services

$
1,917,126

2,721,746

Corporate/Other

13,259,400

14,398,334

Total operating expenses

$
15,176,526

$
17,120,080

NOTE 20 – 
SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

The Company evaluated
subsequent events and transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date up to the date that the financial statements were issued.
Based upon this review, other than as described below, the Company did not identify any subsequent events that would have required adjustment
or disclosure in the financial statements.

F-
36

Conversion Agreement: 
On November
8, 2024, the Company entered into a Conversion Agreement (the “Conversion Agreement”) with the Lender, as later amended on November
14, 2024, to convert outstanding principal and interest totaling $
771,085
 payable under the Lender’s convertible notes payable into

319,952
 shares of the Company’s common stock. Pursuant to the Conversion Agreement, the Company issued an additional warrant to
purchase 
351,424
 shares of the Company’s common stock exercisable for a period of 
five years
 at an exercise price of $
2.41
 per share
(the “November 2024 Warrant”) in exchange for the cancellation of the Lender’s convertible notes payable. Further, the
Company and the Lender entered into a letter agreement providing that the Lender may not exercise the June 2024 Warrant in the event such
exercise would result in the Lender holding in excess of 
19.9
% of the Company’s outstanding shares of common stock as of November
8, 2024.

Sales of Securities: 
On November
8, 2024 and November 18, 2024, the Company entered into securities purchase agreements pursuant to which the Company sold 
110,707
 and

138,556
 shares of the Company’s common stock at a purchase price of $
2.09456
 and 
1.7765
 per share, respectively, for aggregate gross
proceeds of $
231,882
 and $
246,145
, respectively. The purchase price per share includes a 
5.0
% discount from the closing price of the Company
as listed on Nasdaq as of the business day immediately prior to the closing date of each securities purchase agreement.

Disposition of Subsidiary: 
On November
8, 2024, the Company entered into a Settlement Agreement and Release (the “Settlement Agreement”) with a shareholder of the
Company and a subsidiary of the Company to sell the subsidiary to the shareholder or his nominee subject to the Company obtaining shareholder
approval (the “Settlement Agreement”). The Settlement Agreement requires the Company to pay $
61,000
 to the shareholder of
the Company by November 15, 2024. As required by the Settlement Agreement, a Share Purchase Agreement was entered into between the same
parties dated December 23, 2024 providing that the Company, subject to it obtaining shareholder approval, will sell the subsidiary to
the officer of the Company in consideration of GBP 
1,000
 (approximately $
1,338
 at September 30, 2024). In accordance with the terms of
the Settlement Agreement, separate settlement agreements were entered into with two shareholders of the Company, pursuant to which the
Company will issue an aggregate 
200,000
 shares of the Company’s common stock in consideration of each party releasing the Company
for compensation owed for services.

Exit and Settlement Agreement: 
On
November 8, 2024, the Company entered into an exit and settlement agreement (the “Exit and Settlement Agreement”) with three
directors of the Board, under which each director resigned effective immediately. As required by the Exit and Settlement Agreement, the
Company issued 
46,700
 fully vested shares of the Company common stock to each former direct in exchange for past services rendered.

Bylaws Amendment:
 On November 8,
2024, the Board approved an amendment to the Company’s Bylaws to decrease the quorum requirement from a majority to one-third of
the voting power that was effective immediately.

Standby Equity Purchase Agreement: 
On
December 3, 2024, the Company entered into the Standby Equity Purchase Agreement (“SEPA”) with an investor (the “Investor”)
pursuant to which the Company has the right, at its option, to sell to the Investor up to $
10
 million of shares of the Company’s
common stock, subject to certain limitations and conditions set forth in the SEPA, during the term of the SEPA. In connection with the
SEPA, the Investor agreed to advance to the Company in the form of convertible promissory notes (the “SEPA Convertible Notes”)
an aggregate principal amount of $
2.0
 million, which was to be advanced to the Company in three tranches. The first tranche of $
500,000
,
was disbursed to the Company on December 3, 2024 (the “December 2024 Note”).

On December 19, 2024, the Company and the Investor
entered into a Termination Agreement pursuant to which the SEPA and the Registration Rights Agreement were terminated. Accordingly, the
Investor’s obligation to advance the Company additional amounts ceased.

Securities Purchase Agreement: 
On
December 15, 2024, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement and Call Option (the “Star Agreement”) with Star
26 Capital Inc. (“Star”), the shareholders of Star (“Star Equity Holders”) and an officer of the Company acting
in his capacity as the representative of the Star Equity Holders, to acquire a controlling 
51
% interest in Star, an Israeli corporation
engaged as a supplier of generators for “iron dome” launchers and other defense products, in exchange for an aggregate investment
of $
15,000,000
 that consists of :

●

A minimum amount of $
5,000,000
 in cash, less the amounts owed pursuant to Seller Notes, which shall be forgiven and cancelled as of the closing of the transaction

●

a promissory note  in the principal amount of $
10,000,000
, which shall be reduced if the Company provides cash in excess of $
5,000,000
 maturing in 
12
 months following the closing (the “Investment Note”)

●

2,385,170
 shares of the Company’s common stock issued to the Star Equity Holders which shall constitute approximately 
29.75
% of the issued and outstanding capital of the Company on a fully diluted basis, excluding the out of the money warrants

●

6,907,859
 stock purchase warrants with a 
five year
 term and an exercise price of $
1.50
 per share

F-
37

The Star Equity Holders granted the Company an
option (the “Option”) to purchase the balance of their equity in Star (
49.0
%) for an aggregate $
16,084,250
 (the “Option
Exercise Price”) in consideration for the issuance to the Star Equity Holders five-year stock purchase warrants to purchase an
aggregate of 
720,000
 shares of the Company’s common stock with an exercise price of $
1.50
 per share. The Option Exercise Price
to be paid by the Company to the Star Equity Holders consists of

●
$
3,00,000
 in cash,

●
a promissory note in the principal amount of $
3,000,000
, which accrues interest at 
8.0
% per annum and is due and payable six months after the issuance thereof, 

●
2,385,170
 shares of the Company’s common stock issued to the Star Equity Holders

●
5,109,789
 stock purchase warrants with a five-year term and an exercise price of $
1.50
 per share

If,
for a period
 of 12 months after the closing of the Star Agreement, the Company’s shares of common stock are delisted from
Nasdaq, Star shall have the right, at its own discretion, to require the Company to exchange the Investment Note for all the shares of
Star then held by the Company, provided, however, the Option shall be automatically cancelled and Star shall retain any cash payments
made by the Company to Star and the Company shall retain an equity interest in Star equivalent to all cash payments. The closing of the
Transaction is subject to customary closing conditions, including regulatory approvals, third-party consents, fairness opinion, and approval
by the Company’s shareholders as required under applicable Nasdaq listing rules.

If the Star Agreement is canceled because stockholder
approval was not obtained within 90-days after the date of the Star Agreement and the failure was a result of the Company failing to perform
or observe the covenants or agreements of the Company provided for in the terms of the Star Agreement, the Seller is entitled to damages
of $
1,000,000
 from the Company.

As a result of the Settlement Agreement and subject
to the closing of the acquisition of Star, the Company’s business will be focused on the defense sector.

Private Placement: 
On December 18,
2024, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with an accredited investor (the “Securities Purchase Agreement”)
for a private placement (the “Private Placement”) pursuant to which the investor (the “Purchaser”) agreed to purchase
from the Company 
1,666,666
 units for an aggregate purchase price of $
10,000,000
 or a per unit price of $
6.00
 with each unit consisting
of (i) 
one
 share (the “Shares”) of the Company’s common stock and (ii) a stock purchase warrant to purchase up to 
one

and 
one half
 shares of the Company’s common stock (the “December 2024 PIPE Warrant”). At the discretion of the Purchaser,
it may elect to acquire 
one
 pre-funded common stock purchase warrant in lieu of 
one
 Share (the “Pre-Funded Warrant”). Each
Share and accompanying December 2024 PIPE Warrant is being sold together at a combined offering price of $
6.00
 per Share and December
2024 PIPE Warrant. The Pre-Funded Warrant is immediately exercisable, at a nominal exercise price of $
0.0001
 per share, and may be exercised
at any time until the Pre-Funded Warrant is fully exercised. The December 2024 PIPE Warrant will have an exercise price of $
6.00
 per share,
are immediately exercisable on a cash or cashless basis and will expire 
five years
 from the date of issuance. The Units were priced in
excess of the average Nasdaq Official Closing Price of the Company’s common stock for the five trading days immediately preceding the
signing of the Securities Purchase Agreement. The Private Placement closed on December 20, 2024.

The Company is required to prepare and file a
registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 15 days of the date of the Securities Purchase Agreement (the
“Filing Deadline”) and to use commercially reasonable efforts to have the registration statement declared effective within
45 days of the closing of the Private Placement or 75 days in the event of a full review (the “Effectiveness Deadline”). In
certain circumstances including, but not limited to, if the Company misses the Filing Deadline or the Effectiveness Deadline, then the
Company will be required to pay to the Purchasers an amount in cash, as partial liquidated damages and not as a penalty, equal to the
product of 
5.0
% multiplied by the aggregate purchase price.

Pursuant to a Placement Agency Agreement (the
“PAA”), dated December 18, 2024, between the Company the placement agent entered into in connection with the Private Offering,
the Company has paid customary placement fees to the placement agent, including a cash fee equal to 
7.0
% of the gross proceeds raised
in the Private Placement and 
4.0
% on all proceeds from the exercise of the December 2024 PIPE Warrants. Pursuant to the PAA, the Company
has also agreed to reimburse certain expenses of the placement agent incurred in connection with the Private Placement.

Incentive Equity Grants: 
On December
16, 2024, the Company issued an aggregate of 
1,337,500
 restricted stock grants consisting of restricted shares of common stock under its
stock incentive plans to various executive officers, directors and consultants of the Company who have provided services to the Company
for an extended period of time with limited compensation.

F-
38

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with
Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.

On May 22, 2023, the Board
of Directors (the “Board”) of the Company approved the engagement of Gries and Associates, LLC (“Gries”) as the
Company’s new independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2023. The change was effective
upon execution of an engagement letter. In connection with the selection of Gries, the Board dismissed Marcum LLP (“Marcum”)
as the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm on May 22, 2023.

On November 3, 2023, the Company
was informed that Gries had sold its business to GreenGrowth CPAs (“GreenGrowth”).

On November 5, 2023, the Company
engaged and executed an agreement with GreenGrowth as the Company’s new independent accountant to replace Gries. As Gries was engaged
by the Company on May 22, 2023, Gries has not issued a report on the Company’s financial statements. The Board of the Company, acting
as the audit committee, approved the decision to change independent accountants.

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures.

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

In connection with the preparation
of this Report, our management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting as of the
end of the period covered by this report (under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”)).
Based on that assessment, our CEO have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e)
under the Exchange Act) were effective.

Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting

Our internal control over
financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our CEO and effected by our Board, management and other personnel,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Internal control over financial reporting includes policies
and procedures that pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and
dispositions of our assets; provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of our financial
statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in
accordance with the authorization of our Board and management; and provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection
of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements.

Under the supervision and
participation of our management, including our CEO, we evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based
on the framework set forth in 
Internal Control - Integrated Framework
 issued in 2013 by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission. As part of our assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of September
30, 2024, management has performed adequate testing to conclude that the material weakness identified in the prior fiscal year has not
been remediated as of September 30, 2024 related to the Company possessing sufficient resources to properly identify and account
for the evaluation of intangible assets and its cost-method investments and to implement and sustain appropriate entity-level controls.

61

Plan
of Remediation of Material Weaknesses in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

Following the identification
and communication of the material weakness described above, management commenced remediation actions relating to this material weakness
beginning in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2024, as follows:

●
We are utilizing the services of external consultants for
non-routine and\or technical accounting issues as they arise.

●
We are expanding and improving our review process for complex
accounting transactions. We plan to further improve this process by enhancing access to accounting literature, identification of third-party
professionals with whom to consult regarding complex accounting applications and consideration of additional staff with the requisite
experience and training to supplement existing accounting professionals.

●
We are implementing enhancements and process improvements,
including the design and implementation of well-defined controls and related control attributes

The material weaknesses identified
above will not be considered fully remediated until these additional controls and procedures have operated effectively for a
sufficient period of time and management has concluded, through testing, that these controls are effective. Our management will monitor
the effectiveness of our remediation plans and will make changes management determines to be appropriate. If not remediated, these
material weaknesses could result in material misstatements to our annual or interim consolidated financial statements that may not be
prevented or detected on a timely basis or result in a delayed filing of required periodic reports. If we are unable to assert that our
internal control over financial reporting is effective, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial
reports, the market price of our common stock could be adversely affected, and we could become subject to litigation or investigations
by Nasdaq, the SEC, or other regulatory authorities, which could require additional financial and management resources.

This Annual Report on Form
10-K does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial
reporting. Pursuant to Item 308(b) of Regulation S-K, management’s report is not subject to attestation by our independent
registered public accounting firm because the Company is neither an “accelerated filer” nor a “large accelerated filer”
as those terms are defined by the SEC.

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

There were no changes in our
internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting, except as described above.

Inherent Limitation on the Effectiveness of Internal Control

The effectiveness of any system of internal control
over financial reporting, including ours, is subject to inherent limitations, including the exercise of judgment in designing, implementing,
operating, and evaluating the controls and procedures, and the inability to eliminate misconduct completely. Accordingly, any system
of internal control over financial reporting, including ours, no matter how well designed and operated, can only provide reasonable,
not absolute assurances. In addition, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls
may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
We intend to continue to monitor and upgrade our internal controls as necessary or appropriate for our business but cannot assure you
that such improvements will be sufficient to provide us with effective internal control over financial reporting.

Attestation Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm

This Annual Report on Form
10-K does not include an attestation report by our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial
reporting. As a smaller reporting company, our internal control over financial reporting was not subject to audit by our independent registered
public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit us to provide only management’s report.

Item 9B. 
Other Information
.

None

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent
Inspections.

Not applicable.

62

PART III

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.

The following table sets
forth the names and ages of the Companies officers and directors as of the date hereof. Our executive officers are elected annually by
our board of directors. Our executive officers hold their offices until they resign, are removed by the Board, or his successor is elected
and qualified.

Directors and Executive Officers

Name

Age

Position

Menachem Shalom

49

Chief Executive Officer and Director

David Rokach

55

Director

Tomer Nagar  

35

Director

Aviya Volodarsky

37

Director  

Reuven Yeganeh

48

Director

Anastasiia Kotaieva

33

Director

Set forth below is a brief
description of the background and business experience of our current executive officers or directors.

63

Menachem Shalom
 has been our Chief Executive
Officer and member of our Board of Directors since September 2024. Mr. Shalom has served as a director and the Chief Executive Officer
of Motomova Inc (OTC Markets: MTMV) since December 1, 2022 and its Secretary since May 24, 2023. Mr. Shalom was the Co-Chief Executive
Officer, and a member of the board of directors of MEA since January 2022. Since 2017, Mr. Shalom has also served as CEO of Hold Me Ltd.,
a digital platform for mobile wallet and payments founded by Mr. Shalom. Mr. Shalom is the principal executive and financial officer and
sole director of Hold Me Ltd., a company registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Prior to his tenure with the Company,
Mr. Shalom founded and served as CEO of Wayerz Solutions, Ltd., a digital platform for correspondent banking and wires’ routing
optimization, between 2014 and 2017 and as Vice President of Business Development, Sales and Marketing at Dsnr Media Group Ltd., an international
cross-platform digital advertising company. Mr. Shalom also founded and served as CEO of Mipso Ltd., a software-as-a-service provider
in the fashion and retail industry, between 2010 and 2013; ooga studio Ltd., an industrial design incubator, between 2007 and 2010; and
Medifreeze Ltd., a startup in the area of stem cell cryopreservation, between 2004 and 2009. Mr. Shalom received his MBA at the Hebrew
University of Jerusalem in 2003 after receiving an LLM in corporate law at Columbia University School of Law in 2000.

David Rokach
 has been a member of our Board
of Directors since September 2024. Mr. Rokach is the founder and has served as the CEO of Tokara Management Ltd. since 2014, which provides
investment management services to hedge funds. Mr. Rokach also serves as a Senior Investment Manager of X Group Fund of Funds since January
2020. X Group Fund of Funds has provided a loan to the Company and also holds a warrant. Mr. Rokach has also held certain roles with Clal
Finance. Mr. Rokach graduated from The Hebrew University of Jerusalem with a Bachelor of Arts International Relations in 1993 and from
the Tel Aviv University with a diploma in Financial Investment Management in 1993. Mr. Rokach attended New York University in 1994 studying
investment management.

Tomer
Nagar
 has been employed in the sales department for Sogolowek Food Group since 2019. Prior to joining Sogolowek, Mr. Nagar served
in the Israeli Air Force from 2006 through 2018 as a First Sergeant and Master Sergeant. Mr. Nagar graduated from the Israeli Air Force
College in 2005 with a degree in Aviation Machinery.

Aviya
Volodarsky
 is an attorney and since 2023 has practiced as a self employed attorney in Israel specializing in torts, corporate law,
administrative law and civil litigation. From 2017 through 2023, Ms. Volodarsky was employed by the Law Firm of Attorney Yigal Matzlavi.
Ms. Volodarsky studied at the Ono Academic College.

Reuven Yeganeh 
has
been a director since June 13, 2024. He is an experienced business manager with specific experience in managing funds and a demonstrated
history of working in the financial services industry. Since 2021, Mr. Yeganeh has served as a derivatives trader for Inbar Group Finance
Ltd. From 2018 to 2021, Mr. Yeganeh was the Chairman of the Board of Directors of Fantazy Network (market: TASE: WILK), which specialized
in cannabis investments, and from April 2012 to 2018 was the Chairman of the Board of Directors of Direct Capital (TASE: DCI-M), which
was engaged in real estate investments. Prior to 2012, Mr. Yeganeh worked for various investment companies providing managing investment
strategy. Further, from 1998 through 2001, Mr. Yeganeh served as a Non-Commissioned Officer it the Israeli Air Force. Mr. Yeganeh received
a BA degree in Economics and Administration specializing in finance from Ruppin College, Israel in 2004 and a license to manage investment
portfolios from the Israeli Securities Authority in 2006.

Anastasiia Kotaieva 
has
been a director since June 13, 2024. She is an established business manager and entrepreneur. Ms. Kotaieva, since January 2022 to present,
has owned and operated Ali Finance, which provides services to clients in the real estate industry as well as the stock market. From February
2019 through November 2021, Ms. Kotaieva served as an analyst for Menora, an insurance company, providing diligence and analyst services.
Ms. Kotaieva served as an Account Manager for BSV, a private water well drilling company from January 2015 to October 2018. Ms. Kotaieva
received a Bachelors and Masters degree in Economics from Krok University in Kyiv, Ukraine.

Board of Directors

Directors on our Board of
Directors are elected for one-year terms and serve until the next annual security holders’ meeting or until their death, resignation,
retirement, removal, disqualification, or until a successor has been elected and qualified. All officers are appointed annually by the
Board of Directors and serve at the discretion of the Board. Currently, each director receives annual compensation of $20,000 for their
services on our Board.

We reimburse our directors
for expenses incurred in connection with attending directors’ meetings. We will consider applying for officers and directors’
liability insurance at such time when we have the resources to do so.

Director Independence

Nasdaq listing rules require that a majority of
the board of directors of a company listed on Nasdaq be composed of “independent directors,” which is defined generally as
a person other than an officer or employee of the Company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship, which, in
the opinion of the Company’s board of directors, would interfere with the director’s exercise of independent judgment in carrying
out the responsibilities of a director. Our board of directors has determined that each of David Rokach, Tomer Nagar, Aviya Volodarsky
and Reuven Yeganeh be an independent director under the Nasdaq listing rules and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act. In making these determinations,
the board of directors considered the current and prior relationships that each non-employee director has with Nukkleus and will have
with the combined company and all other facts and circumstances our board of directors deemed relevant in determining independence, including
the beneficial ownership of our Common Stock by each non-employee director, and the transactions involving them described in the section
entitled “
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
.”

64

Committees of the Board of Directors

The standing committees of
our board of directors consist of an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee, and a Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Below
are our current committee members.

Audit Committee

Compensation Committee

Nominating and Corporate

 Governance Committee

David Rokach

David Rokach *

David Rokach

Reuven Yeganeh *±

Reuven Yeganeh

Reuven Yeganeh

Aviya Volodarsky

Aviya Volodarsky

Aviya Volodarsky *

*

Denotes Chairperson.

±

Denotes audit committee financial expert.

Audit Committee

The Combined Company’s
Audit Committee will be established in accordance with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Exchange Act and consists of Brian Schwieger, Nicholas
Gregory and Daniel Marcus, each of whom are independent directors and are “financially literate” as defined under the Nasdaq
listing standards. Nukkleus’s board of directors has determined that Reuven Yeganeh qualifies as an “audit committee financial
expert,” as defined under rules and regulations of the SEC.

The Audit Committee’s duties are specified in the Audit
Committee Charter.

Compensation Committee

The functions of the Compensation
Committee will be set forth in a Compensation Committee Charter.

Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee

The Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee is responsible for overseeing the selection of persons to be nominated to serve on the Board. The Nominating and
Corporate Governance Committee considers persons identified by its members, management, shareholders, investment bankers and others.

The guidelines for selecting nominees, will be specified in
the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Charter.

Family Relationships

No family relationship exists between any director, executive
officer, or any person contemplated to become such.

Section 16(A) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance.

Section 16(a) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, requires our directors, executive officers and persons who own more than 10% of our common stock to file with the
SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of common stock and other of our equity securities. During the year
ended September 30, 2023, our officers, directors and 10% stockholders made the required filings pursuant to Section 16(a).

65

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings

None of our directors or executive officers has, during the
past ten years:

●
had any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which he was a general partner or executive officer, either at the
time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time;

●
been convicted in a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor
offences);

●
been subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any
court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any
type of business, securities, futures, commodities or banking activities;

●
been found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the Securities and Exchange Commission
or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not
been reversed, suspended, or vacated;

●
been subject or a party to or any other disclosable event required by Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K.

Code of Business Conduct and Ethics

We currently do not have a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics.

Item 11. Executive Compensation.

Executive Officers’ Compensation

The following table sets forth
information concerning all cash and non-cash compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operation
Officer (including director compensation) during the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. No other executive officer received
compensation in excess of $100,000 during the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023.

Summary Compensation Table

Name and principal position

Fiscal
 year

Salary

Bonus

Stock
 awards

Option
 awards

Nonequity
 incentive plan
 compensation

Nonqualified
 deferred
 compensation
 earnings

All other
 compensation

Total

(a)

(b)

(c)

(d)

(e)

(f)

(g)

(h)

(i)

(j)

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

Menachem Shalom

2024

23,333

-

-

-

-

-

-

23,333

CEO

2023

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Emil Assentato

2024

16,667

-

-

-

-

-

-

16,667

CEO

2023

20,000

   -

   -

   -

       -

      -

         -

20,000

Jamal “Jamie” Khurshid

2024

232,020

-

-

207,192

-

-

-

439,212

COO

2023

257,171

-

-

276,258

-

-

-

533,429

Employment Agreements

On July 24, 2024, Emil Assentato
resigned as Chief Executive Officer and from the Board of Directors.

On September 23, 2021, the
Company entered into a Consultancy Agreement with Jamal “Jamie” Khurshid, the Company’s COO. Pursuant to the agreement,
Mr. Khurshid is employed as Chief Operating Officer of the Company unless terminated pursuant to the terms of the agreement. During the
term of the agreement, Mr. Khurshid is entitled to two hundred and fifteen thousand Euro (€215,000) annually. Mr. Khurshid advised
the Company that he was resigning as Chief Executive Officer and as a director of the Company effective September 2024.

In 2022, the Company entered
into an amendment with Jamal “Jamie” Khurshid, pursuant to which the Company agreed to grant Jamal “Jamie” Khurshid
stock options to acquire 85,714 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $3.15 per share. On November 8, 2024, the Company entered
into a Settlement Agreement and Release with Mr. Khurshid and Match in which each party released the other.

Menachem Shalom was
appointed as a director on July 24, 2024. On December 16, 2024, the Company entered into a Consultancy Agreement with Menachem
Shalom, the Company’s CEO, effective September 1, 2024. Pursuant to the agreement, Mr. Shalom is employed as Chief Executive
Officer of the Company unless terminated pursuant to the terms of the agreement. During the initial term of the agreement (September
2024 through February 2025), Mr. Shalom is entitled to receive $20,000 monthly, with subsequent semi-annual $5,000 monthly increases
effective March 2025 and September 2025.

66

Option Exercises and Stock Vested

There were no options exercised by our executive officers
or stock vested to our executive officers during the year ended September 30, 2024.

Outstanding Equity Awards

The following table sets forth information with
respect to the outstanding equity awards of our principal executive officers and principal financial officer during the year ended September
30, 2024, and each person who served as an executive officer of the Company as of September 30, 2024:

Outstanding Equity Awards

Option Awards

Stock Awards

Name and principal position

Number of
 securities
 underlying
 unexercised
 options
 Exercisable
 (#)

Number of
 securities
 underlying
 unexercised
 options
 Unexercisable
 (#)

Equity
 incentive
 plan
 awards:
 Number of
 securities
 underlying
 unexercised
 options 
 (#)

Options
 exercise
 price 
 ($)

Option
 expiration
 Date

Number
 of
 shares
 or units
 of stock
 that
 have 
 not
 vested
 (#)

Market
 value 
 of
 shares
 or
 units of
 stock
 that
 have
 not
 vested
 ($)

Equity
 incentive
 plan
 awards:
 Number
 of
 unearned
 shares,
 units or
 other
 rights
 that have
 not
 vested
 (#)

Equity
 incentive
 plan
 awards:
 Market
 or 
 payout
 value 
 of
 unearned
 shares,
 units 
 or other
 rights
 that 
 have not
 vested 
 ($)

Menachem Shalom CEO

-

       -

-

-

-

-

-

     -

    -

Emil Assentato, CEO

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Jamal “Jamie” Khurshid, COO

10,715

-

10,715

25.20

1/1/2027

-

-

-

-

*
Reflects 8:1 reverse stock split in October 2024

No Pension Benefits

The Company does not maintain
any plan that provides for payments or other benefits to its executive officers at, following or in connection with retirement and including,
without limitation, any tax-qualified defined benefit plans or supplemental executive retirement plans.

67

No Nonqualified Deferred Compensation

The Company does not maintain
any defined contribution or other plan that provides for the deferral of compensation on a basis that is not tax-qualified.

Non-Employee Director Compensation

The following table sets forth all information
concerning all cash and non-cash compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to our non-employee directors during the fiscal year ended
September 30, 2024.

Non-Employee Director Compensation

Change in

Pension Value

and

Fees Earned

Non-equity

Non-Qualified

or Paid

Stock

Option

Incentive Plan

Deferred

All Other

in Cash

Awards

Awards

Compensation

Compensation

Compensation

Total

Name

$

$

$

$

Earnings

$

$

Nicholas Gregory (1)

20,000

     -

    -

       -

      -

        -

20,000

Daniel Marcus (1)

20,000

-

-

-

-

-

20,000

Brian Schweiger (1)

20,000

-

-

-

-

-

20,000

Brian Ferrier (2)

13,333

-

-

-

-

-

13,333

Derek Campbell (2)

6,667

-

-

-

-

-

6,667

Reuven Yeganeh (3)

5,833

-

-

-

-

-

5,833

Anastasiia Kotaieva (3)

5,833

-

-

-

-

-

5,833

David Rokach (4)

3,333

-

-

-

-

-

3,333

(1)
Mr. Gregory, Mr. Marcus & Mr. Schweiger resigned as directors on November 8, 2024

(2)
Mr. Ferrier & Colonel Derek Campbell resigned as directors on May 24, 2024

(3)
Mr. Yeganeh & Ms. Kotaieva were appointed as directors on June 13, 2024

(4)
Mr. Rokach was appointed as director on July 24, 2024

68

Agreement with Craig Marshak

On August 1, 2016, Mr. Craig
Marshak entered into a letter agreement with us pursuant to which he was appointed as our director in consideration of an annual fee of
$20,000. On October 27, 2023, Mr. Marshak resigned as a director of the Company.

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
and Related Stockholder Matters.

The following table sets forth
certain information as of January 7, 2025 with respect to the beneficial ownership of our common stock, the sole outstanding class of
our voting securities, by (i) any person or group owning more than 5% of each class of voting securities, (ii) each director, (iii) each
executive officer, and (iv) all executive officers and directors as a group. Except as otherwise indicated, each of the stockholders listed
below has sole voting and investment power over the shares beneficially owned. As of January 7, 2025, we had 4,7980,431 shares of common
stock issued and outstanding.

Beneficial ownership is determined
under the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and generally includes voting or investment power over securities. Except in
cases where community property laws apply or as indicated in the footnotes to this table, we believe that each stockholder identified
in the table possesses sole voting and investment power over all shares of common stock shown as beneficially owned by the stockholder.

Shares of common stock subject
to options or warrants that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of the date of this report are considered outstanding
and beneficially owned by the person holding the options for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of that person but are
not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person.

Name

Position

Number of

 Shares of

 Common Stock

Percentage of

    Common Stock 
(1)

Officer and Directors

Menachem Shalom

CEO and Director

500,000

10.4
%

David Rokach

Director

10,000

*

Tomer Nagar

Director

10,000

*

Aviya Volodarsky

Director

10,000

*

Reuven Yeganeh

Director

10,000

*

Anastasiia Kotaieva
(2)

Director

971,376

18.4
%

Total Officers and Directors (6 people)

1,511,376

28.6
%

5% Stockholders

X Group Family of Funds Limited Partnership
(2)

971,376

18.4
%

Emil Assentato

671,191

14.0
%

East Asia Technology Investments Limited
(3)

381,000

7.4
%

Nukk Tracker Notes - CH1108678926 / 23714, series of notes (Series 24) issued by ProETP DAC

249,263

5.2
%

(1)
Applicable percentage ownership is based on 4,790,431 shares
of common stock outstanding as of *, 2025. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange
Commission and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. Shares of common stock that are currently exercisable
or exercisable within 60 days of are deemed to be beneficially owned by the person holding such securities for computing the percentage
of ownership of such person, but are not treated as outstanding for computing the percentage ownership of any other person.

(2)
Represents 150,000 shares of common stock personally and
319,952 shares of common stock, 150,000 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of a warrant at $1.50 per share and 351,424 shares
of common stock issuable upon exercise of a warrant at $2.41 per share. Anastasiia Kotaieva, a director of the Company, is the owner
of X Group Family of Funds Limited Partnership.

(3)
Represents 206,000 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion
of a Senior Unsecured Promissory Note issued August 1, 2024 at a conversion price of $2.50 per share and 175,000 shares of common stock
issuable upon exercise of a Warrant at an exercise price of $2.00 per share.

*
Less than 1%.

69

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director
Independence.

Star Agreement

As discussed herein, on December 15, 2024, the Company entered into
the Star Agreement with Star, the Star Equity Holders and Menachem Shalom, the representative of such shareholders to acquire a controlling
51% interest in Star, a defense acquisition company. Mr. Shalom, who is the Chief Executive Officer and a director of the Company, is
a controlling shareholder, Chief Executive Officer and a director of Star.

X Group Conversion

On June 11, 2024 the Company issued the X Group Note to X Group in
consideration of cash proceeds in the amount of $250,000. As an additional inducement to provide the X Group Note 1, the Company issued
X Group the X Group Warrant 1. The Company and X Group also entered into a Restructuring Agreement providing that, among other items,
X Group, in its sole discretion, will have the right for a period for six months from the effective date to lend the Company an additional
$500,000.

On September 10, 2024, the Company issued the X Group Note 2 in the
principal amount of $125,000 to X Group in consideration of cash proceeds in the amount of $100,000, which was funded on September 4,
2024.

On November 8, 2024, the Company entered the Conversion Agreement with
X Group to convert outstanding principal and interest totaling of $771,085 payable under the X Group Note 1 and the X Group Note 2 (the
“X Group Debt”) into shares of common stock of the Company. Pursuant to the Conversion Agreement, the Company issued 385,542
shares of its common stock and an additional warrant to purchase 351,424 shares of common stock exercisable for a period of five years
at an exercise price of $2.00 per share (“X Group Warrant 2”) in exchange for the cancellation of the X Group Debt. Further,
the Company and X Group entered into a letter agreement providing that X Group may not exercise the X Group Warrant 1 in the event such
exercise would result in X Group holding in excess of 19.9% of the Company’s outstanding shares of common stock as of November 8,
2024. On November 14, 2024, the Company and X Group entered into a letter agreement pursuant to which it amended the terms of the Conversion
Agreement and the X Group Warrant 2 issued in connection with the Conversion Agreement. Pursuant to the letter agreement, the shares of
common stock to be issued under the Conversion Agreement were amended to be 319,952 shares of common stock of the Company and the exercise
price of the X Group Warrant 2 was amended to be $2.41.

Services provided by related parties

From time to time, Oliver
Worsley, a shareholder of the Company, provides consulting services to the Company. As compensation for professional services provided,
the Company recognized consulting expenses of $54,499 and $55,140 for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which
have been included in professional fees on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss.

From time to time, Craig Vallis,
a shareholder of the Company, provides consulting services to the Company. As compensation for professional services provided, the Company
recognized consulting expenses of $105,834 and $136,625 for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which have been
included in professional fees on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss.

From time to time, Jamal Khurshid,
the Company’s former chief executive officer and director, provides consulting services to the Company. As compensation for professional
services provided, the Company recognized consulting expenses of $61,327 for the year ended September 30, 2024, which have been included
in professional fees on the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. Jamal Khurshid did not
provide any consulting services to the Company for the year ended September 30, 2023.

70

Revenue from related party and cost of revenue from related party

The Company’s general
support services operated under a GSA with TCM providing personnel and technical support, marketing, accounting, risk monitoring, documentation
processing and customer care and support. The minimum monthly amount received was $1,600,000. Due to non-payment by TCM under the GSA,
the Company has advised TCM that the GSA has been terminated as of December 31, 2023. The Company has historically generated substantially
most of its revenue through the services rendered under the GSA.

The Company’s general
support services operated under a GSA with FXDIRECT receiving personnel and technical support, marketing, accounting, risk monitoring,
documentation processing and customer care and support. The minimum monthly amount payable wais $1,575,000. Effective May 1, 2023, the
minimum amount payable by the Company to FXDIRECT for services was reduced from $1,575,000 per month to $1,550,000 per month. Effective
December 31, 2023, the GSA with FXDIRECT was terminated.

Both of the above entities are affiliates through common ownership.

During the years ended September
30, 2024 and 2023, general support services provided to the related party, which was recorded as revenue – general support services
- related party on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss were as follows:

Years Ended September 30,

2024

2023

Service provided to:

TCM

$
4,800,000

$
19,200,000

$
4,800,000

$
19,200,000

During the years ended September
30, 2024 and 2023, services received from the related party, which was recorded as cost of revenue – general support services -
related party on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss were as follows:

Years Ended September 30,

2024

2023

Service received from:

FXDIRECT

$
4,650,000

$
18,775,000

$
4,650,000

$
18,775,000

During the years ended September
30, 2024 and 2023, Digital RFQ earned revenue from related parties in the amount of $69,619 and $138,419, respectively, which was included
in revenue – financial services on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss.

71

Due from affiliates

At September 30, 2024 and 2023, due from affiliates consisted of the
following:

September 30,

September 30,

2024

2023

Digiclear

$
-

$
229,837

Jacobi

-

95,274

Jamal Khurshid

10,382

-

Forexware 
(1)

6,151

-

FXDD Mauritius 
(1)

6,004

1,500

TCM 
(1)

12,508

1,942,500

Total

$
35,045

$
2,269,111

(1)
FXDD
Mauritius, Forexware, and TCM are controlled by Emil Assentato, the Company’s former chief executive officer and chairman and current
5%+ shareholder.

The balance due from Jamal
Khurshid represents monies the Company paid on behalf of Jamal Khurshid. The balances due from Forexware, FXDD Mauritius, and TCM represent
outstanding receivables owed to Digital RFQ for financial services. The balances due from Jacobi and FXDD Mauritius represent monies that
the Company paid on behalf of Jacobi and FXDD Mauritius. The balance due from TCM represents unsettled funds due related to the General
Services Agreement and monies that the Company paid on behalf of TCM.

Management believes that the
affiliates’ receivables are fully collectable. Therefore, no allowance for doubtful account is deemed to be required on its due
from affiliates at September 30, 2024 and 2023.

Due
to affiliates

At September 30, 2024 and 2023, due to affiliates
consisted of the following:

September 30,

September 30,

2024

2023

Forexware LLC

$
-

$
1,211,778

FXDIRECT

-

5,064,428

Currency Mountain Holdings Bermuda, Limited (“CMH”) 
(1)

42,000

42,000

FXDD Trading 
(1)

470,716

396,793

Markets Direct Payments 
(1)

2,543

2,317

Craig Vallis 

16,532

-

Match Fintech Limited 
(2)

47,733

91,433

Total

$
579,524

$
6,808,749

(1)
CMH,
FXDD Trading, and Markets Direct Payments are controlled by Emil Assentato, the Company’s former chief executive officer and chairman,
and current 5%+ shareholder.

(2)
Match Fintech Limited is controlled by affiliates of the Company.

The balances due to affiliates
represent expenses paid by FXDD Trading, Markets Direct Payments, and Match Fintech Limited on behalf of the Company and advances from
CMH. The balance due to Craig Vallis represents unpaid consulting fees.

Amounts due to affiliates are short-term in nature, non-interest
bearing, unsecured and repayable on demand.

Customer digital currency assets and liabilities – related
parties

At September 30, 2024 and
2023, related parties’ digital currency, which was controlled by Digital RFQ, amounted to $20,020 and $0, respectively, which was
included in customer digital currency assets and liabilities on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.

72

Note receivable – related parties

Promissory note

The Company originated a note
receivable to a shareholder in the principal amount of $35,000 on September 1, 2022. The note matured with respect to $17,500 on March
1, 2023 and with respect to $17,500 on September 1, 2023. The note bears a fixed interest rate of 5.0% per annum. On April 1, 2024, the
outstanding principal and interest of this note receivable was applied to the principal of a cash loan made to the Company from this shareholder
in March 2024.

For the years ended September
30, 2024 and 2023, the interest income related to this note amounted to $949 and $1,836, respectively, and has been included in other
(expense) income: other income (expense) on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss.

As of September 30, 2024 and
2023, the outstanding interest balance related to this note was $0 and $1,980, respectively, and was included in other current assets
on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.

Line of credit

On July 31, 2023, the Company entered
into a credit deed providing a $1,000,000 line of credit (the “Line of Credit”) to an affiliate a shareholder’s sibling
controls. The Line of Credit allows the borrower to request loans thereunder until total advances reach $1.0 million. Amounts drawn under
the Line of Credit bear interest at an annual rate of 8.0% and installment repayments commence on December 31, 2023. The Line of Credit
was collateralized by 133,514 shares of the Company’s common stock that are owned by the borrower.

During the year ended September 30,
2023, $764,892 was advanced to the borrower under the Line of Credit. At September 30, 2023, the Company recorded a reserve for credit
loss of $637,072 on the Line of Credit. During December 2023, the Company and the related party company entered into a Stock Transfer
Agreement pursuant to which the collateral, 133,514 shares of the Company’s common stock owed by the related party, were to be transferred
to the Company to satisfy the amount owed under the Line of Credit. As of September 30, 2024, the transfer of the 133,514 shares of the
Company’s common stock back to the Company had not occurred and management deemed it remote that the transfer will occur. During
the year ended September 30, 2024, the Company collected $132,826. At September 30, 2024, after exhaustive efforts at collection of the
outstanding amounts owed under the Line of Credit and unsuccessful attempts to collect the collateral, the Company wrote off the remaining
outstanding balance of the Line of Credit against the reserve for credit loss.

For the years ended September 30, 2024
and 2023, the interest income related to notes receivable – related parties amounted to $362  and $12,082, respectively, and
has been included as a component of other income (expense), net on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive
loss.

As of September 30, 2024 and 2023,
the outstanding interest receivable related to the notes receivable – related parties was $0 and $12,179, respectively, and was
included as a component of other current assets on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.

73

Loan payable – related parties and interest payable –
related parties

On July 19, 2023, Digital
RFQ issued a promissory note (the “July 2023 Loan”) in the principal amount of $75,619 to Jamal Khurshid, the Company’s
chief operating officer and director, in consideration of cash proceeds in the amount of $75,619. The July 2023 Loan bears interest of
5.0% per annum and is due and payable on July 19, 2026. The outstanding principal and interest of the July 2023 Loan was fully repaid
in November 2023.

On August 15, 2023, Digital
RFQ issued a promissory note (the “August 2023 Loan”) in the principal amount of $75,000 to Emil Assentato, the Company’s
chief executive officer and chairman, in consideration of cash proceeds in the amount of $75,000. The August 2023 Loan bears interest
of 5.0% per annum and is due and payable on August 15, 2026. A partial repayment of the August 2023 Loan of $50,000 was paid to Emil Assentato
in January 2024.

On September 18, 2023, the
Company issued a promissory note (the “September 2023 Loan”) in the principal amount of $270,000 to Emil Assentato, the Company’s
chief executive officer and chairman, in consideration of cash proceeds in the amount of $270,000. The September 2023 Loan bears interest
of 5.0% per annum and is due and payable on September 18, 2026. In December 2023, the September 2023 Loan principal of $270,000 was converted
into 70,129 shares of common stock of the Company (See Note 17 – Common shares issued for debt conversion).

During the year ended September
30, 2024, the Company issued promissory notes in the aggregate principal of $1,105,639 and $248,000 to a shareholder and to an entity
managed by that shareholder, respectively, (collectively, the “Shareholder 2024 Loans”), in consideration of cash proceeds
in the same amount in the following tranches:

October 2023

$
199,000

December 2023

424,000

January 2024

25,000

February 2024

188,000

March 2024

80,000

April 2024

31,000

May 2024

100,000

June 2024

120,500

July 2024

59,000

August 2024

58,000

September 2024

69,139

Total

$
1,353,639

The 2024 Shareholder Loans bear interest
of 5.0% per annum and each individual loan will be due and payable three years from the date of issuance.

In March 2024, the Company entered into a facility agreement with
a shareholder (the “March 2024 Facility”), whereby a Company’s subsidiary can request loans up to an aggregate $500,000
from the shareholder. The proceeds from advances under the March 2024 Facility are restricted to fund working capital and operating
expense. Advances drawn under the March 2024 Facility bear interest of 4.0% per month. This loan will be repaid in installments in accordance
with the terms of the March 2024 Facility, with the last installment due on July 31, 2024. In April 2024, $11,820, a portion
of the March 2024 Facility’s outstanding principal was exchanged for due from affiliates (see Note 17). As of September 30, 2024,
the outstanding principal balance and accrued and unpaid interest of the March 2024 Facility was GBP 320,646 and GBP 115,433, respectively
($429,131 and $154,487, respectively), at September 30, 2024.

In March 2024, the Company
entered into a loan agreement with a Company shareholder (the “March 2024 Loan”), providing the Company with a loan up to
GBP 395,000 ($528,640 at September 30, 2024). The proceeds from advances under the March 2024 Loan are restricted to fund working
capital and operating expense. Advances drawn under the March 2024 Loan bear interest at a rate of 10.0% per annum. This March 2024
Loan is unsecured and is due and payable on March 31, 2025. In April 2024, GBP 32,337 ($37,198 at the exchange date), a portion of the
March 2024 Loan’s outstanding principal, was exchanged for note receivable – related party (see Note 17). As of September
30, 2024, the outstanding principal balance and accrued and unpaid interest was GBP 217,663 and GBP 10,883, respectively ($291,305 and
$14,565, respectively), at September 30, 2024.

Letter agreement with ClearThink

Nukkleus was party to a letter
agreement with ClearThink dated as of November 22, 2021, pursuant to which ClearThink was engaged by Nukkleus in connection with the Business
Combination (See Note 18 - White lion stock purchase agreement).

Craig Marshak, a former member
of the Board of Directors of the Company, was a managing director of ClearThink, a transaction advisory firm. ClearThink had been engaged
by the Company to serve as the exclusive transactional financial advisor, and finder with respect to the Business Combination, to advise
the Company with respect to the Business Combination. The letter agreement was terminated on October 27, 2023. The Company paid ClearThink
$210,000 as of the date of closing of the Business Combination. Mr. Marshak no longer serves as a director of the Company.

74

Customers

The following table sets forth
information as to each customer that accounted for 10% or more of the Company’s revenues for the years ended September 30, 2024
and 2023.

Years Ended September 30,

Customer

2024

2023

A – related party

81.2
%

90.2
%

As of September 30, 2024,
the GSA agreement in relation to the above referenced related party customer was no longer active and nothing was owed by this customer
to the Company.

One related party customer,
whose outstanding receivable accounted for 10% or more of the Company’s total outstanding accounts receivable and due from affiliates
at September 30, 2023, accounted for 95.2% of the Company’s total outstanding accounts receivable and due from affiliates at September
30, 2023.

Suppliers

The following table sets forth
information as to each supplier that accounted for 10% or more of the Company’s costs of revenues for the years ended September
30, 2024 and 2023.

Years Ended September 30,

Supplier

2024

2023

A – related party

94.6
%

86.8
%

As of September 30, 2024,
the GSA agreement in relation to the above referenced related party supplier was no longer active and nothing was owed to this supplier
by the Company.

Two related party suppliers,
whose outstanding payables accounted for 10% or more of the Company’s total outstanding accounts payable and due to affiliates at
September 30, 2023, accounted for 81.7% of the Company’s total outstanding accounts payable and due to affiliates at September 30,
2023.

Director Independence

Our board of directors currently
consists of six members. Our board of directors has determined that David Rokach, Tomer Nagar, Aviya Volodarsky and Reuven Yeganeh qualify
as independent directors in accordance with the Nasdaq Capital Market (“Nasdaq”) listing requirements. Mr. Menachem Shalom
and Ms. Anastasiia Kotaieva are not considered independent. Nasdaq’s independence definition includes a series of objective tests,
such as that the director is not, and has not been for at least three (3) years, one of our employees and that neither the director nor
any of his or her family members has engaged in various types of business dealings with us. In addition, as required by Nasdaq rules,
our board of directors has made a subjective determination as to each independent director that no relationships exist that, in the opinion
of our board of directors, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director.
In making these determinations, our board of directors reviewed and discussed information provided by the directors and us with regard
to each director’s business and personal activities and relationships as they may relate to us and our management. There are no
family relationships among any of our directors or executive officers.

75

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services.

Our audit committee pre-approves
all services, including both audit and non-audit services, provided by our independent accountants. For audit services, each year the
independent auditor provides our board of directors with an engagement letter outlining the scope of the audit services proposed to be
performed during the year, which must be formally accepted by the board of directors before the audit commences.

The independent auditor also
submits an audit services fee proposal, which also must be approved by the board of directors before the audit commences.

On May 22, 2023, the Board
of Directors of Old Nukk approved the engagement of Gries and Associates, LLC (“Gries”) as Old Nukk’s independent registered
public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2023. The change was effective upon execution of an engagement letter.
In connection with the selection of Gries, the Board dismissed Marcum LLP as Old Nukk’s independent registered public accounting
firm on May 22, 2023. On November 3, 2023, Old Nukk was informed that Gries had sold its business to GreenGrowth CPAs (“GreenGrowth”).
On November 5, 2023, Old Nukk engaged and executed an agreement with GreenGrowth, as the Old Nukk’s new independent accountant to
replace Gries. As Gries was engaged by the Company on May 22, 2023, Gries has not issued a report on the Old Nukk’s financial statements.
The Board of Directors of Old Nukk, acting as the audit committee, approved the decision to change independent accountants. During the
fiscal years ended September 30, 2023, and through November 3, 2023, Old Nukk had no disagreements (as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of
Regulation S-K and the related instructions to Item 304 of Regulation S-K) with Gries on any matter of accounting principles or practices,
financial statement disclosure or auditing scope or procedures, which disagreements, if not resolved to the satisfaction of Gries would
have caused Gries to make reference thereto in connection with its report.

The following table sets
forth the fees billed by our principal independent accountants for each of our last two fiscal years for the categories of services indicated.

Year Ended

Year Ended

September 30,

September 30,

2024

2023

Audit Fees

$
164,560

118,000

Audit Related Fees

-

219,749

Tax Fees

-

-

All Other Fees

-

-

Total

$
164,560

337,749

Audit fees. 
Consists
of fees billed for the audit of our annual financial statements, review of our Form 10-K, review of our interim financial statements included
in our Form 10-Q and services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with year-end statutory and regulatory filings
or engagements.

Audit-related fees. 
Consists
of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial
statements and are not reported under “Audit Fees”, review of our Forms 8-K filings and services that are normally provided
by the accountant in connection with non-year-end statutory and regulatory filings or engagements.

Tax fees. 
Consists
of professional services rendered by our accountants for tax compliance, tax advice, tax planning and the preparation of income tax returns.

Other fees. 
The services
provided by our accountants within this category consisted of advice and other services relating to SEC matters, registration statement
review, accounting issues and client conferences.

76

PART IV

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules.

The following exhibits are incorporated into this Form 10-K
Annual Report:

Incorporated
    by Reference 

Exhibit

Description

Schedule/

Form

Exhibits

Filing
    Date

2.1#

Amended and Restated Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of June 23, 2023, by and among Nukkleus and Brilliant.

Form 8-K

2.1

June 26, 2023

2.2#

First Amendment to Amended and Restated Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of November 1, 2023, by and among Nukkleus and Brilliant.

Form 8-K

2.2

November 2, 2023

3.1

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Nukkleus Inc. (f/k/a Brilliant Acquisition Corp.)

Form 8-K

3.2

January 2, 2024

3.2

Bylaws of Nukkleus Inc.

Form 8-K

3.3

January 2, 2024

3.3

Certificate 
of Amendment to the Company’s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation dated October 11, 2024

Form 8-K

3.1

October 18, 2024

3.4

Certificate 
of Correction to the Certificate of Amendment to the Company’s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation dated October 16, 2024

Form 8-K

3.2

October 18, 2024

3.5

C
ertificate of Amendment to the Company’s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation dated October 18, 2024

Form 8-K

3.3

October 18, 2024

3.6

Amended and Restated Bylaws

Form 8-K

3.1

November 12, 2024

4.1

Senior Unsecured Promissory Note dated June 11, 2024 issued to X Group Fund of Funds

Form 8-K

4.1

June 17, 2024

4.2

Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued to X Group Fund of Funds

Form 8-K

4.2

June 17, 2024

4.3

Senior Unsecured Promissory Note dated August 1, 2024 issued to East Asia Technology Investments Limited

Form 8-K

4.1

August 5, 2024

4.4

Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued to East Asia Technology Investments Limited

Form 8-K

4.2

August 5, 2024

4.5

Form of Senior Unsecured Promissory Note dated September 10, 2024 issued to X Group Fund of Funds

Form 8-K

4.1

September 12, 2024

4.6

Form of Warrant – December 2024

Form 8-K

4.1

December 20, 2024

4.7

Form of Pre-Funded Common Stock Purchase Warrant – December 2024

Form 8-K

4.2

December 20, 2024

10.1*

Nukkleus 2023 Incentive Award Plan.

Form 8-K

10.1

January 2, 2024

10.2

Form of Registration Rights Agreement by and among Nukkleus, Brilliant and certain stockholders.

Form 8-K

10.3

June 26, 2023

10.3

Form of Lock-Up Agreement by and among Nukkleus, Brilliant and certain stockholders.

Form 8-K

10.2

June 26, 2023

10.4

General Service Agreement between Nukkleus Limited and FML Malta Limited dated May 24, 2016

Form 10-K

10.4

July 12, 2024

10.5

General Service Agreement between Nukkleus Limited and FXDirectDealer LLC dated May 24, 2016

Form 10-K

10.5

July 12, 2024

10.6

Amendment No. 1 dated June 3, 2016 to the General Service Agreement between Nukkleus Limited and FXDD Trading Limited

Form 10-K

10.6

July 12, 2024

10.7

Amendment dated October 17, 2017 of that certain General Service Agreement between Nukkleus Limited and FML Malta Limited

Form 10-K

10.7

July 12, 2024

10.8

Letter Agreement entered between FML Malta Ltd., FXDD Malta Limited and Nukkleus Limited

Form 10-K

10.8

July 12, 2024

10.9

Settlement Agreement and Stipulation dated May 28, 2024 by and between Nukkleus Inc. and Silverback Capital Corporation

Form 8-K

10.1

June 4, 2024

10.10

Restructuring Agreement dated June 11, 2024 between Nukkleus Inc. and X Group Fund of Funds

Form 8-K

10.1

June 17, 2024

10.11

Voting Agreement dated June 11, 2024 between Nukkleus Inc. and X Group Fund of Funds

Form 8-K

10.2

June 17, 2024

10.12

Release Agreement between Nukkleus Inc., Triton Capital Markets Ltd. and FXDirectDealer LLC dated September 30, 2024

Form 8-K

10.3

October 4, 2024

77

10.13

Form of Exit and Settlement Agreement dated November 8, 2024

Form 8-K

10.1

November 12, 2024

10.14

Securities Purchase Agreement dated November 8, 2024

Form 8-K

10.2

November 12, 2024

10.15

Conversion Agreement entered with X Group Fund of Funds dated November 8, 2024 S
ettlement Agreement and Release among

Form 8-K

10.3

November 12, 2024

10.16

Nukkleus Inc., Jamal Khurshid and Match Financial Limited dated November 8, 2024

 Form 8-K

10.4

  November 12, 2024  

10.17

Letter Agreement between Nukkleus Inc. and X Group Fund of Funds dated November 14, 2024

Form 8-K

10.1

November 15, 2024

10.18

S
ecurities Purchase Agreement dated November 19, 2024

Form 8-K

10.1

November 22, 2024

10.19

S
tandby Equity Distribution Agreement dated December 3, 2024 between Nukkleus Inc. and YA II PN, Ltd.

Form 8-K

10.1

December 6, 2024

10.20

Form of Convertible Promissory Notes issued to YA II PN, Ltd.

Form 8-K

10.2

December 6, 2024  

10.21  

Registration Rights Agreement dated December 3, 2024 between Nukkleus Inc. and YA II PN, Ltd.

Form 8-K

10.3

December 6, 2024  

10.22#

Securities Purchase Agreement and Call between Nukkleus Inc. Star 26 Capital Inc., the shareholders of Star 26 Capital Inc. and the representative of such shareholders, dated December 15, 2024

Form 8-K

10,1

December 17, 2024

10.23#

Form of Securities Purchase Agreement dated December 18, 2024 between Nukkleus Inc. and the purchasers identified therein

Form 8-K

10.1

December 20, 2024

10.24

Form of Registration Rights Agreement – December 2024

Form 8-K

10.2

December 20, 2024  

10.25

Placement Agent Agency Agreement dated December 18, 2024 between Nukkleus Inc. and Dawson James Securities Inc.

Form 8-K

10.3

December 20, 2024  

10.26

Termination Agreement entered between Nukkleus Inc. and YA II PN Ltd dated December 19, 2024

Form 8-K

10.4

December 20, 2024  

21.1

List of Subsidiaries

31.1

Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer

32.1

Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer

101.INS

Inline XBRL Instance Document.

101.SCH

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
    Schema Document.

101.CAL

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
    Calculation Linkbase Document.

101.DEF

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
    Definition Linkbase Document.

101.LAB

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
    Label Linkbase Document.

101.PRE

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
    Presentation Linkbase Document.

104

Cover Page Interactive
    Data File - the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document.

*

Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.

#

Certain of the exhibits and schedules to this exhibit have been omitted in accordance with Regulation S-K Item 601. The Registrant agrees to furnish a copy of all omitted exhibits and schedules to the SEC upon its request.

78

SIGNATURES

In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

NUKKLEUS INC.

Dated: February 10, 2025

By:

/s/ Menachem Shalom

Menachem Shalom

Chief Executive Officer

(Principal Executive Officer), and

Chief Financial Officer

(Principal Financial and

Accounting Officer), and Director

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant
and in the capacities indicated.

Signature

Title

Date

/s/ Menachem Shalom

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer), Chief Financial

February 10, 2025

Officer (Principal Financial Officer), and Director

/s/ David Rokach

Chief Operating Officer and Director

February 10, 2025

/s/ Romer Nagar

Director

February 10, 2025

/s/ Aviya Volodarsky

Director

February 10, 2025

/s/ Reuven Yeganeh

Director

February 10, 2025

/s/Anastasiia Kotaieva

Director

February 10, 2025

79

300000

0.5

0001787518

false

FY

0001787518

2023-10-01

2024-09-30

0001787518

nukk:CommonStock00001ParValuePerShareMember

2023-10-01

2024-09-30

0001787518

nukk:WarrantsEachWarrantExercisableForOneShareOfCommonStockFor9200PerShareMember

2023-10-01

2024-09-30

0001787518

2025-01-23

0001787518

2025-02-10

0001787518

2024-09-30

0001787518

2023-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:RelatedPartyMember

2024-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:RelatedPartyMember

2023-09-30

0001787518

nukk:GeneralSupportServicesMember

2023-10-01

2024-09-30

0001787518

nukk:GeneralSupportServicesMember

2022-10-01

2023-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:FinancialServiceMember

2023-10-01

2024-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:FinancialServiceMember

2022-10-01

2023-09-30

0001787518

2022-10-01

2023-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:PreferredStockMember

2022-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:CommonStockMember

2022-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember

2022-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember

2022-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember

2022-09-30

0001787518

2022-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:PreferredStockMember

2022-10-01

2023-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:CommonStockMember

2022-10-01

2023-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember

2022-10-01

2023-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember

2022-10-01

2023-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember

2022-10-01

2023-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:PreferredStockMember

2023-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:CommonStockMember

2023-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember

2023-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember

2023-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember

2023-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:PreferredStockMember

2023-10-01

2024-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:CommonStockMember

2023-10-01

2024-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember

2023-10-01

2024-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember

2023-10-01

2024-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember

2023-10-01

2024-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:PreferredStockMember

2024-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:CommonStockMember

2024-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember

2024-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember

2024-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember

2024-09-30

0001787518

srt:MinimumMember

2024-10-24

0001787518

srt:MaximumMember

2024-10-24

0001787518

2023-12-22

2023-12-22

0001787518

us-gaap:PrivatePlacementMember

2024-12-20

2024-12-20

0001787518

nukk:StockPurchaseWarrantsMember

us-gaap:CommonStockMember

2024-12-20

2024-12-20

0001787518

nukk:NukkleusMember

2024-09-30

0001787518

nukk:CustomerMember

nukk:TotalDueFromAffiliatesMember

us-gaap:CustomerConcentrationRiskMember

2023-10-01

2024-09-30

0001787518

nukk:OneCustomerMember

nukk:TotalDueFromAffiliatesMember

us-gaap:CustomerConcentrationRiskMember

2022-10-01

2023-09-30

0001787518

nukk:OneCustomerMember

us-gaap:SalesRevenueNetMember

us-gaap:CustomerConcentrationRiskMember

2023-10-01

2024-09-30

0001787518

nukk:OneCustomerMember

us-gaap:SalesRevenueNetMember

us-gaap:CustomerConcentrationRiskMember

2022-10-01

2023-09-30

0001787518

nukk:OneCustomerMember

nukk:TotalDueFromAffiliatesMember

us-gaap:CustomerConcentrationRiskMember

2023-10-01

2024-09-30

0001787518

nukk:TwoCustomerMember

nukk:TotalDueFromAffiliatesMember

us-gaap:CustomerConcentrationRiskMember

2023-10-01

2024-09-30

0001787518

srt:OfficerMember

nukk:TotalDueFromAffiliatesMember

us-gaap:CreditConcentrationRiskMember

2023-10-01

2024-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:SalesRevenueNetMember

us-gaap:SupplierConcentrationRiskMember

nukk:OneSupplierMember

2023-10-01

2024-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:SalesRevenueNetMember

us-gaap:SupplierConcentrationRiskMember

nukk:OneSupplierMember

2022-10-01

2023-09-30

0001787518

nukk:VariableInterestEntityMember

2024-09-30

0001787518

srt:MinimumMember

nukk:VariableInterestEntityMember

2024-09-30

0001787518

srt:MaximumMember

nukk:VariableInterestEntityMember

2024-09-30

0001787518

2022-03-31

2022-03-31

0001787518

srt:MinimumMember

2024-09-30

0001787518

srt:MaximumMember

2024-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:InvestmentsMember

2023-10-01

2024-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:InvestmentsMember

2022-10-01

2023-09-30

0001787518

country:US

2024-09-30

0001787518

country:US

2023-10-01

2024-09-30

0001787518

country:US

2023-09-30

0001787518

country:US

2022-10-01

2023-09-30

0001787518

country:GB

2024-09-30

0001787518

country:GB

2023-10-01

2024-09-30

0001787518

country:GB

2023-09-30

0001787518

country:GB

2022-10-01

2023-09-30

0001787518

country:MT

2024-09-30

0001787518

country:MT

2023-10-01

2024-09-30

0001787518

country:MT

2023-09-30

0001787518

country:MT

2022-10-01

2023-09-30

0001787518

nukk:RestOfTheWorldMember

2023-10-01

2024-09-30

0001787518

nukk:RestOfTheWorldMember

2022-10-01

2023-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:StockOptionMember

2023-10-01

2024-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:StockOptionMember

2022-10-01

2023-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:ConvertibleNotesPayableMember

2023-10-01

2024-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:ConvertibleNotesPayableMember

2022-10-01

2023-09-30

0001787518

nukk:WarrantsToPurchaseCommonStockMember

2023-10-01

2024-09-30

0001787518

nukk:WarrantsToPurchaseCommonStockMember

2022-10-01

2023-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:CommonStockMember

2024-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:CommonStockMember

2023-10-01

2024-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:WarrantMember

2024-09-30

0001787518

nukk:BrilliantMember

us-gaap:CommonClassAMember

2024-09-30

0001787518

nukk:SponsorMember

2024-09-30

0001787518

nukk:BrilliantMember

2024-09-30

0001787518

nukk:BusinessCombinationMember

2023-10-01

2024-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:SeriesOfIndividuallyImmaterialBusinessAcquisitionsMember

2023-10-01

2024-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:SeriesOfIndividuallyImmaterialBusinessAcquisitionsMember

2024-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:SeriesOfIndividuallyImmaterialBusinessAcquisitionsMember

nukk:CommonStockOfBrilliantMember

2023-10-01

2024-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:SeriesOfIndividuallyImmaterialBusinessAcquisitionsMember

nukk:BrilliantRightsMember

2023-10-01

2024-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:SeriesOfIndividuallyImmaterialBusinessAcquisitionsMember

nukk:BrilliantFounderSharesMember

2023-10-01

2024-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:SeriesOfIndividuallyImmaterialBusinessAcquisitionsMember

nukk:BrilliantBackstopPoolMember

2023-10-01

2024-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:SeriesOfIndividuallyImmaterialBusinessAcquisitionsMember

nukk:SponsorsAndOthersMember

2023-10-01

2024-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:SeriesOfIndividuallyImmaterialBusinessAcquisitionsMember

nukk:BusinessCombinationAndBrilliantSharesMember

2023-10-01

2024-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:SeriesOfIndividuallyImmaterialBusinessAcquisitionsMember

nukk:OldNukkSharesMember

2023-10-01

2024-09-30

0001787518

nukk:OldNukkMember

2022-09-30

0001787518

nukk:OldNukkMember

us-gaap:CommonStockMember

2022-09-30

0001787518

nukk:BrilliantMember

2023-12-14

2023-12-14

0001787518

nukk:BrilliantMember

us-gaap:CommonStockMember

2023-12-14

2023-12-14

0001787518

nukk:OldNukkMember

2023-12-14

2023-12-14

0001787518

nukk:OldNukkMember

us-gaap:CommonStockMember

2023-12-14

2023-12-14

0001787518

nukk:OldNukkMember

2023-10-01

2024-09-30

0001787518

nukk:NukkleusIncMember

2023-10-01

2024-09-30

0001787518

nukk:CustomerMember

2024-09-30

0001787518

nukk:CustomerMember

2023-09-30

0001787518

nukk:StablecoinUSDCoinMember

2024-09-30

0001787518

nukk:StablecoinUSDCoinMember

2023-09-30

0001787518

nukk:OtherMember

2024-09-30

0001787518

nukk:OtherMember

2023-09-30

0001787518

2021-12-31

0001787518

us-gaap:CostOfSalesMember

2023-10-01

2024-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:CostOfSalesMember

2022-10-01

2023-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:OperatingExpenseMember

2023-10-01

2024-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:OperatingExpenseMember

2022-10-01

2023-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:TradeNamesMember

2023-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:TradeNamesMember

2024-09-30

0001787518

nukk:RegulatoryLicensesMember

2023-09-30

0001787518

nukk:RegulatoryLicensesMember

2024-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:TechnologyBasedIntangibleAssetsMember

2023-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:TechnologyBasedIntangibleAssetsMember

2024-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:ComputerSoftwareIntangibleAssetMember

2023-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:ComputerSoftwareIntangibleAssetMember

2024-09-30

0001787518

nukk:BitcoinMember

2024-09-30

0001787518

nukk:BitcoinMember

2023-10-01

2024-09-30

0001787518

nukk:EthereumMember

2024-09-30

0001787518

nukk:EthereumMember

2023-10-01

2024-09-30

0001787518

nukk:BitcoinMember

2023-09-30

0001787518

nukk:BitcoinMember

2022-10-01

2023-09-30

0001787518

nukk:EthereumMember

2023-09-30

0001787518

nukk:EthereumMember

2022-10-01

2023-09-30

0001787518

nukk:StablecoinUSDCoinMember

2023-09-30

0001787518

nukk:StablecoinUSDCoinMember

2022-10-01

2023-09-30

0001787518

nukk:OtherMember

2023-09-30

0001787518

nukk:OtherMember

2022-10-01

2023-09-30

0001787518

2023-07-01

2023-07-31

0001787518

nukk:JulyTwoThousandTwentyThreeLoanMember

2023-07-01

2023-07-31

0001787518

2023-11-30

0001787518

2023-08-01

2023-08-31

0001787518

nukk:AugustTwoThousandTwentyThreeLoanMember

2023-08-01

2023-08-31

0001787518

us-gaap:LoansPayableMember

2024-01-31

0001787518

2023-09-30

2023-09-30

0001787518

nukk:SeptemberTwoThousandTwentyFourMember

2023-09-30

2023-09-30

0001787518

2023-12-31

0001787518

nukk:ShareholderTwoThousandTwentyFourLoansMember

2023-10-01

2024-09-30

0001787518

nukk:ShareholderTwoThousandTwentyFourLoansMember

nukk:PromissoryNotesMember

2023-10-01

2024-09-30

0001787518

nukk:LoanPayableMember

2023-10-01

2024-09-30

0001787518

nukk:FacilityAgreementMember

2024-03-01

2024-03-31

0001787518

us-gaap:LoansPayableMember

2024-03-01

2024-03-31

0001787518

2024-07-31

0001787518

2024-03-31

0001787518

us-gaap:LoansPayableMember

2024-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:LoansPayableMember

2023-10-01

2024-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:LoansPayableMember

2024-03-31

0001787518

2024-03-01

2024-03-31

0001787518

2024-04-30

0001787518

us-gaap:RelatedPartyMember

2024-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:RelatedPartyMember

2023-10-01

2024-09-30

0001787518

2024-06-01

2024-06-30

0001787518

us-gaap:RelatedPartyMember

2023-10-01

2024-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:RelatedPartyMember

2022-10-01

2023-09-30

0001787518

nukk:UnpaidInterestMember

2023-10-01

2024-09-30

0001787518

nukk:UnpaidInterestMember

2022-10-01

2023-09-30

0001787518

nukk:JulyTwoThousandTwentyThreeLoanMember

us-gaap:RelatedPartyMember

2024-09-30

0001787518

nukk:JulyTwoThousandTwentyThreeLoanMember

us-gaap:RelatedPartyMember

2023-09-30

0001787518

nukk:AugustTwoThousandTwentyThreeLoanMember

us-gaap:RelatedPartyMember

2024-09-30

0001787518

nukk:AugustTwoThousandTwentyThreeLoanMember

us-gaap:RelatedPartyMember

2023-09-30

0001787518

nukk:SeptemberTwoThousandTwentyThreeLoanMember

us-gaap:RelatedPartyMember

2024-09-30

0001787518

nukk:SeptemberTwoThousandTwentyThreeLoanMember

us-gaap:RelatedPartyMember

2023-09-30

0001787518

nukk:ShareholderTwoThousandTwentyFourLoanMember

us-gaap:RelatedPartyMember

2024-09-30

0001787518

nukk:ShareholderTwoThousandTwentyFourLoanMember

us-gaap:RelatedPartyMember

2023-09-30

0001787518

nukk:MarchTwoThousandTwentyFourLoanMember

us-gaap:RelatedPartyMember

2024-09-30

0001787518

nukk:MarchTwoThousandTwentyFourLoanMember

us-gaap:RelatedPartyMember

2023-09-30

0001787518

nukk:MarchTwoThousandTwentyFourFacilityMember

us-gaap:RelatedPartyMember

2024-09-30

0001787518

nukk:MarchTwoThousandTwentyFourFacilityMember

us-gaap:RelatedPartyMember

2023-09-30

0001787518

nukk:JulyTwoThousandTwentyFourLoanMember

us-gaap:RelatedPartyMember

2024-09-30

0001787518

nukk:JulyTwoThousandTwentyFourLoanMember

us-gaap:RelatedPartyMember

2023-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:RelatedPartyMember

2023-09-30

0001787518

nukk:OctoberTwoThousandTwentyThreeMember

2024-09-30

0001787518

nukk:DecemberTwoThousandTwentyThreeMember

2024-09-30

0001787518

nukk:JanuaryTwoThousandTwentyFourMember

2024-09-30

0001787518

nukk:FebruaryTwoThousandTwentyFourMember

2024-09-30

0001787518

nukk:MarchTwoThousandTwentyFourMember

2024-09-30

0001787518

nukk:AprilTwoThousandTwentyFourMember

2024-09-30

0001787518

nukk:MayTwoThousandTwentyFourMember

2024-09-30

0001787518

nukk:JuneTwoThousandTwentyFourMember

2024-09-30

0001787518

nukk:JulyTwoThousandTwentyFourMember

2024-09-30

0001787518

nukk:AugustTwoThousandTwentyFourMember

2024-09-30

0001787518

nukk:SeptemberTwoThousandTwentyFourMember

2024-09-30

0001787518

nukk:PromissoryNoteMember

2024-04-30

0001787518

nukk:AprilTwoThousandTwentyFourWarrantMember

2024-04-30

0001787518

nukk:AprilTwoThousandTwentyFourLoanMember

2024-04-30

0001787518

us-gaap:WarrantMember

2024-04-01

2024-04-30

0001787518

us-gaap:MeasurementInputOptionVolatilityMember

2024-04-30

0001787518

us-gaap:MeasurementInputRiskFreeInterestRateMember

2024-04-30

0001787518

us-gaap:MeasurementInputExpectedDividendRateMember

2024-04-30

0001787518

us-gaap:MeasurementInputExpectedTermMember

2024-04-30

0001787518

nukk:AprilTwoThousandTwentyFourLoanMember

2024-04-01

2024-04-30

0001787518

nukk:AprilTwoThousandTwentyFourWarrantMember

2024-04-01

2024-04-30

0001787518

2024-04-01

2024-04-30

0001787518

nukk:SeniorUnsecuredPromissoryNoteMember

2024-06-11

0001787518

nukk:SeniorUnsecuredPromissoryNoteMember

2024-06-11

2024-06-11

0001787518

nukk:JuneTwoThousandTwentyFourWarrantMember

nukk:SeniorUnsecuredPromissoryNoteMember

2024-06-11

0001787518

nukk:JuneTwoThousandTwentyFourWarrantMember

2024-06-30

2024-06-30

0001787518

nukk:JuneTwoThousandTwentyFourWarrantMember

us-gaap:MeasurementInputPriceVolatilityMember

2024-06-30

0001787518

nukk:JuneTwoThousandTwentyFourWarrantMember

us-gaap:MeasurementInputRiskFreeInterestRateMember

2024-06-30

0001787518

nukk:JuneTwoThousandTwentyFourWarrantMember

us-gaap:MeasurementInputExpectedDividendRateMember

2024-06-30

0001787518

nukk:JuneTwoThousandTwentyFourWarrantMember

2024-06-30

0001787518

nukk:JuneTwoThousandTwentyFourNoteMember

2024-06-30

0001787518

nukk:AdditionalConvertiblePromissoryNoteMember

2024-06-11

0001787518

nukk:AdditionalConvertiblePromissoryNoteMember

2024-06-11

2024-06-11

0001787518

2024-06-30

2024-06-30

0001787518

nukk:AdditionalJuneTwoThousandTwentyFourNotesMember

2024-06-17

0001787518

nukk:AdditionalJuneTwoThousandTwentyFourNotesMember

2024-06-18

0001787518

nukk:AdditionalJuneTwoThousandTwentyFourNotesMember

2024-06-17

2024-06-17

0001787518

nukk:AdditionalJuneTwoThousandTwentyFourNotesMember

2024-06-18

2024-06-18

0001787518

nukk:AdditionalJuneTwoThousandTwentyFourNotesMember

2024-09-30

0001787518

nukk:AugustTwoThousandTwentyFourNoteMember

2024-08-31

0001787518

nukk:AugustTwoThousandTwentyFourNoteMember

2024-08-31

2024-08-31

0001787518

nukk:AugustTwoThousandTwentyFourWarrantMember

nukk:SeniorUnsecuredPromissoryNoteMember

2024-08-31

0001787518

nukk:AugustTwoThousandTwentyFourWarrantMember

2024-08-31

2024-08-31

0001787518

nukk:AugustTwoThousandTwentyFourWarrantMember

us-gaap:MeasurementInputPriceVolatilityMember

2024-08-31

0001787518

nukk:AugustTwoThousandTwentyFourWarrantMember

us-gaap:MeasurementInputRiskFreeInterestRateMember

2024-08-31

0001787518

nukk:AugustTwoThousandTwentyFourWarrantMember

us-gaap:MeasurementInputExpectedDividendRateMember

2024-08-31

0001787518

nukk:AugustTwoThousandTwentyFourWarrantMember

us-gaap:MeasurementInputExpectedTermMember

2024-08-31

0001787518

nukk:AugustTwoThousandTwentyFourWarrantMember

2024-08-31

0001787518

nukk:SeptemberTwoThousandTwentyFourNoteMember

2024-09-10

0001787518

nukk:SeptemberTwoThousandTwentyFourNoteMember

2024-09-10

2024-09-10

0001787518

nukk:SeptemberTwoThousandTwentyFourNoteMember

2023-10-01

2024-09-30

0001787518

nukk:SeptemberTwoThousandTwentyFourNoteMember

2024-09-30

0001787518

nukk:JuneTwoThousandTwentyFourNoteMember

2024-09-30

0001787518

nukk:JuneTwoThousandTwentyFourNoteMember

2023-09-30

0001787518

nukk:AdditionalJuneTwoThousandTwentyFourNotesMember

2023-09-30

0001787518

nukk:AugustTwoThousandTwentyFourNoteMember

2024-09-30

0001787518

nukk:AugustTwoThousandTwentyFourNoteMember

2023-09-30

0001787518

nukk:SeptemberTwoThousandTwentyFourLoanMember

2024-09-30

0001787518

nukk:SeptemberTwoThousandTwentyFourLoanMember

2023-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member

nukk:CustomerDigitalCurrencyAssetsMember

2024-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member

nukk:CustomerDigitalCurrencyAssetsMember

2024-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member

nukk:CustomerDigitalCurrencyAssetsMember

2024-09-30

0001787518

nukk:CustomerDigitalCurrencyAssetsMember

2024-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member

nukk:CustomerDigitalCurrencyLiabilitiesMember

2024-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member

nukk:CustomerDigitalCurrencyLiabilitiesMember

2024-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member

nukk:CustomerDigitalCurrencyLiabilitiesMember

2024-09-30

0001787518

nukk:CustomerDigitalCurrencyLiabilitiesMember

2024-09-30

0001787518

2023-12-31

2023-12-31

0001787518

us-gaap:RelatedPartyMember

us-gaap:CommonStockMember

2023-12-01

2023-12-31

0001787518

us-gaap:RelatedPartyMember

us-gaap:CommonStockMember

2023-12-31

0001787518

us-gaap:RelatedPartyMember

2023-12-31

0001787518

us-gaap:CommonStockMember

2023-12-01

2023-12-31

0001787518

us-gaap:CommonStockMember

2023-12-31

0001787518

nukk:PublicWarrantsMember

2020-06-26

0001787518

nukk:PublicWarrantsMember

us-gaap:CommonStockMember

2020-06-26

0001787518

nukk:PublicWarrantsMember

2020-06-26

2020-06-26

0001787518

nukk:PublicWarrantsMember

2024-09-30

0001787518

nukk:PrivateWarrantsMember

2020-06-30

0001787518

nukk:PublicWarrantsMember

2023-12-22

0001787518

nukk:PrivateWarrantsMember

2023-12-22

0001787518

srt:MinimumMember

nukk:StockPurchaseWarrantsMember

2024-09-30

0001787518

srt:MaximumMember

nukk:StockPurchaseWarrantsMember

2024-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:ConvertibleNotesPayableMember

2024-09-30

0001787518

nukk:StockOptionsIssuedAndOutstandingUnderOldNukkEquityIncentivePlanMember

2024-09-30

0001787518

nukk:AuthorizedForFutureGrantUnder2023EquityIncentivePlanMember

2024-09-30

0001787518

nukk:JanuaryTwoThousandTwentyFourMember

us-gaap:ObligationsMember

2023-10-01

2024-09-30

0001787518

nukk:JulyTwoThousandTwentyFourOneMember

us-gaap:ObligationsMember

2023-10-01

2024-09-30

0001787518

nukk:JulyTwoThousandTwentyFourMember

us-gaap:ObligationsMember

2023-10-01

2024-09-30

0001787518

nukk:JulyTwoThousandTwentyFourTwoMember

us-gaap:ObligationsMember

2023-10-01

2024-09-30

0001787518

nukk:JulyTwoThousandTwentyFourThreeMember

us-gaap:ObligationsMember

2023-10-01

2024-09-30

0001787518

nukk:JulyTwoThousandTwentyFourFourMember

us-gaap:ObligationsMember

2023-10-01

2024-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:ObligationsMember

2023-10-01

2024-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:StockOptionMember

nukk:PublicAndPrivateWarrantsMember

2024-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:StockOptionMember

nukk:PublicAndPrivateWarrantsMember

2023-10-01

2024-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:StockOptionMember

nukk:AprilTwoThousandTwentyFouWarrantsMember

2024-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:StockOptionMember

nukk:AprilTwoThousandTwentyFouWarrantsMember

2023-10-01

2024-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:StockOptionMember

nukk:JuneTwoThousandTwentyFourWarrantsMember

2024-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:StockOptionMember

nukk:JuneTwoThousandTwentyFourWarrantsMember

2023-10-01

2024-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:StockOptionMember

nukk:AugustTwoThousandtwentyFourWarrantsMember

2024-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:StockOptionMember

nukk:AugustTwoThousandtwentyFourWarrantsMember

2023-10-01

2024-09-30

0001787518

srt:MinimumMember

us-gaap:StockOptionMember

2024-09-30

0001787518

srt:MaximumMember

us-gaap:StockOptionMember

2024-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:StockOptionMember

2024-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:StockOptionMember

2023-10-01

2024-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:WarrantMember

2022-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:WarrantMember

2022-10-01

2023-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:WarrantMember

2023-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:WarrantMember

2023-10-01

2024-09-30

0001787518

nukk:USFederalMember

2024-09-30

0001787518

nukk:ForeignMember

2023-10-01

2024-09-30

0001787518

nukk:ForeignMember

2022-10-01

2023-09-30

0001787518

2023-10-01

2024-06-30

0001787518

us-gaap:RelatedPartyMember

2022-10-01

2023-09-30

0001787518

2022-10-01

2023-04-30

0001787518

2023-05-01

2024-09-30

0001787518

nukk:GeneralSupportServicesMember

2023-05-01

2024-09-30

0001787518

2024-09-30

2024-09-30

0001787518

nukk:GeneralServicesAgreementMember

2023-10-01

2024-09-30

0001787518

nukk:GeneralServicesAgreementMember

2022-10-01

2023-09-30

0001787518

nukk:ShareholderNoteReceivableMember

2022-09-01

0001787518

nukk:ShareholderNoteReceivableMember

2023-10-01

2024-09-30

0001787518

nukk:ShareholderNoteReceivableMember

us-gaap:RelatedPartyMember

2023-10-01

2024-09-30

0001787518

nukk:ShareholderNoteReceivableMember

us-gaap:RelatedPartyMember

2024-04-01

2024-04-30

0001787518

nukk:BrilliantNoteReceivableMember

2023-09-30

0001787518

nukk:BrilliantNoteReceivableMember

2022-10-01

2023-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:LineOfCreditMember

2023-07-31

0001787518

2023-07-31

0001787518

us-gaap:LineOfCreditMember

2023-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:LineOfCreditMember

2022-10-01

2023-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:LineOfCreditMember

2023-10-01

2024-09-30

0001787518

2022-05-17

2022-05-17

0001787518

nukk:WhiteLionStockPurchaseAgreementMember

2024-01-01

2024-01-31

0001787518

us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember

2024-11-08

0001787518

us-gaap:ConvertibleNotesPayableMember

us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember

2024-11-08

2024-11-08

0001787518

nukk:ConversionAgreementMember

us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember

2024-11-08

0001787518

us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember

2024-11-08

2024-11-08

0001787518

nukk:November2024WarrantMember

us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember

2024-11-08

0001787518

nukk:SecuritiesPurchaseAgreementsMember

2024-11-08

2024-11-08

0001787518

nukk:SecuritiesPurchaseAgreementsMember

2024-11-18

2024-11-18

0001787518

nukk:SecuritiesPurchaseAgreementsMember

2024-11-08

0001787518

nukk:SecuritiesPurchaseAgreementsMember

2024-11-18

0001787518

2024-11-08

2024-11-08

0001787518

us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember

nukk:OneShareholderMember

2024-11-08

2024-11-08

0001787518

us-gaap:InvestorMember

us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember

2024-12-03

0001787518

nukk:SEPAConvertibleNotesMember

us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember

2024-12-03

0001787518

nukk:DecemberTwoThousandTwentyFourNoteMember

us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember

2024-12-03

0001787518

nukk:StarAgreementMember

us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember

2024-12-15

0001787518

2024-12-15

0001787518

nukk:InvestmentNoteMember

2023-10-01

2024-09-30

0001787518

nukk:InvestmentNoteMember

2024-09-30

0001787518

nukk:OptionExercisePriceMember

2024-09-30

0001787518

nukk:StarEquityHoldersMember

2024-09-30

0001787518

nukk:OptionExercisePriceMember

2023-10-01

2024-09-30

0001787518

nukk:StarAgreementMember

2023-10-01

2024-09-30

0001787518

us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember

us-gaap:PrivatePlacementMember

2024-12-18

2024-12-18

0001787518

us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember

2024-12-18

2024-12-18

0001787518

us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember

2024-12-18

0001787518

us-gaap:PrivatePlacementMember

us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember

2024-12-18

0001787518

nukk:December2024PIPEWarrantMember

us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember

2024-12-18

0001787518

nukk:December2024PIPEWarrantMember

us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember

us-gaap:PrivatePlacementMember

2024-12-18

0001787518

nukk:PreFundedWarrantMember

us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember

2024-12-18

0001787518

us-gaap:RestrictedStockMember

us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember

2024-12-18

2024-12-18

iso4217:USD

xbrli:shares

iso4217:USD

xbrli:shares

nukk:Segment

xbrli:pure

nukk:Bitcoin

iso4217:GBP

nukk:Percentage

nukk:Years