Item 1. Business.

Nukkleus
Inc. (formerly known as, Brilliant Acquisition Corporation) (the “Company” or “Nukkleus”) was formed on May
24, 2019. The Company was formed for the purpose of acquiring, engaging in a share exchange, share reconstruction and amalgamation
with, purchasing all or substantially all of the assets of, entering into contractual arrangements with, or engaging in any other
similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities. On June 23, 2023, Brilliant Acquisition Corporation, a British
Virgin Islands company (prior to the Merger “Brilliant”, and following the Merger, a Delaware corporation
“Nukkleus”), entered into an Amended and Restated Agreement and Plan of Merger (as amended by the First Amendment to the
Amended and Restated Agreement and Plan of Merger on November 1, 2023, the “Merger Agreement”), by and among Brilliant
BRIL Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of Brilliant (“Merger Sub”), and Nukkleus
Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Old Nukk”). Old Nukk (f/k/a Compliance & Risk Management Solutions Inc.) was formed
on July 29, 2013 in the State of Delaware as a for-profit Company and established a fiscal year end of September 30.

The Merger Agreement provided
that, among other things, at the closing (the “Closing”) of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, Merger
Sub merged with and into Old Nukk (the “Merger”), with Old Nukk surviving as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Brilliant. In connection
with the Merger, Brilliant changed its name to “Nukkleus Inc.” (“Nukkleus” or “Combined Company”).
The Merger and other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement are hereinafter referred to as the “Business Combination.”

In connection with the Business
Combination, Brilliant changed its name to “Nukkleus Inc.” The Business Combination was completed on December 22, 2023.

Overview

As a result of Business Combination,
we had become a financial technology company with the aim of providing blockchain-enabled technology solutions. Since the Business Combination,
we have operated in the technology business as a full-service transactions technology and advisory business providing end-to-end transactions
technology solutions. We offer an advanced transactions platform for dealing and risk management with global liquidity and customizable
leverage, where users have control over quote and liquidity strategies.

On December 15, 2024, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase
Agreement and Call Option between Nukkleus Inc., Star 26 Capital Inc. (“Star”), the shareholders of Star 26 Capital
Inc. (“Star Equity Holders”) and Menachem Shalom, the representative of such shareholders (the “Star Agreement”)
to acquire a controlling 51% interest in Star, a defense acquisition company.

Historically, the Company,
through its wholly owned subsidiary, provided software and technology solutions for the worldwide retail foreign exchange trading industry.
The Company’s primary customer was Triton Capital Markets Ltd. (“TCM”) (formerly known as FXDD Malta Limited). Emil
Assentato, the former CEO and a former director of the Company, is also the majority member of Max Q Investments LLC (“Max Q”),
which is managed by Derivative Marketing Associates Inc. (“DMA”). Mr. Assentato is the sole owner and manager of DMA. Max
Q owns 79% of Currency Mountain Malta LLC, which in turn is the sole shareholder of TCM. In order to define the services rendered to TCM,
Nukkleus Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a General Services Agreement (“GSA”) with TCM in
May 2016. The GSA provides that TCM will pay Nukkleus Limited a minimum of $1,600,000 per month. Due to non-payment by TCM under the GSA,
the Company has advised TCM that the GSA has been terminated. The Company has historically generated substantially most of its revenue
through the services rendered under the GSA. On September 30, 2024, the Company, TCM and FXDirectDealer LLC (“FXDD”) entered
into a Release Agreement pursuant to which the parties confirmed that the GSA between the Company and TCM and the General Services Agreement
dated May 24, 2016, as amended (“FXDD GSA”) between the Company and FXDD were terminated effective January 1, 2024. The parties
further confirmed that there are no obligations or liabilities outstanding or owed between the parties as of September 30, 2024 and each
party released and forever discharged the other party from any and all claims, demands, damages, actions, causes of action, or suits of
any kind or nature whatsoever, both known and unknown, which have arisen or may arise from the GSA or the FXDD GSA

The Company has historically operated its blockchain payment solutions
through Digital RFQ Limited (“DRFQ”), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Match Financial Ltd (“Match”), a wholly
owned subsidiary of the Company. On November 8, 2024, the Company entered into a Settlement Agreement and Release with Jamal Khurshid
and Match providing that Match agreed to sell DRFQ, to Mr. Khurshid or his nominee subject to the Company obtaining shareholder approval
(the “Settlement Agreement”). As required by the Settlement Agreement, the Company, Match and Mr. Khurshid entered into a
Share Purchase Agreement dated December 27, 2024 providing that the Company, subject to it obtaining shareholder approval,
will sell DRFQ to Mr. Khurshid in consideration of £1,000. The Company believes the sale of DRFQ is in the best interest of the
Company due to continuing net loss generated by DRFQ.

As a result of the above transaction
and subject to the closing of the acquisition of Star and the sale of DRFQ, the Company’s business will be focused on the defense
sector.

Recent Developments

X Group – June 2024

On June 11, 2024 (the “Effective
Date”), the Company issued a Senior Unsecured Promissory Note (the “X Group Note 1”) in the principal amount of $312,500
to X Group Fund of Funds, a Michigan limited partnership (“X Group”) in consideration of cash proceeds in the amount of $250,000.
As an additional inducement to provide the X Group Note 1, the Company issued X Group a Stock Purchase Warrant (“X Group Warrant
1”) to acquire 150,000 shares of common stock at a per share price of $2.00 for a term of five years that may be exercised on a
cash or cashless basis. X Group was initially convertible at a per share conversion price of $2.00. The number of shares and exercise
prices for the X Group Note and X Group Warrant 1 reflect the October 2024 reverse stock split.

1

The Company and X Group also entered into a Restructuring Agreement
providing that, among other items, X Group, in its sole discretion, will have the right for a period for six months from the Effective
Date (the “Investment Period”), to lend the Company an additional $500,000 in consideration of a convertible promissory note
that will have a term of two years, bear interest at 12% and will convert into shares of common stock at a per share price of $2.00. During
the Investment Period, the Company may not incur additional debt or enter into any equity financing arrangement without the written consent
of the X Group.

In order to induce X Group to provide the loan contemplated pursuant
to the Note, Emil Assentato, a former director and executive officer of the Company, entered into a Voting Agreement with the Company
and X Group agreeing to vote his shares in support of any transaction provided by X Group. The Company and X Group have agreed that 100%
of all loan balances including loans payable to Emil Assentato by the Company will be recorded on the books of the Company as a bona fide
debt of the Company, of which 30% of such debt will be paid within nine (9) months of the Effective Date and the balance to be repaid
within twenty-four (24) months of the Effective Date.

On September 10, 2024, the Company issued an additional Senior Unsecured
Promissory Note (the “X Group Note 2”) in the principal amount of $125,000 to X Group in consideration of cash proceeds in
the amount of $100,000, which was funded on September 4, 2024.

On November 8, 2024, the Company entered into a Conversion Agreement
(the “Conversion Agreement”) with X Group to convert outstanding principal and interest totaling of $771,085 payable under the
X Group Note 1 and the X Group Note 2 (the “X Group Debt”) into shares of common stock of the Company. Pursuant to the Conversion
Agreement, the Company issued 385,542 shares of its common stock and an additional warrant to purchase 351,424 shares of common stock
exercisable for a period of five years at an exercise price of $2.00 per share (“X Group Warrant 2”) in exchange for the cancellation
of the X Group Debt. Further, the Company and X Group entered into a letter agreement providing that X Group may not exercise the X Group
Warrant 1 in the event such exercise would result in X Group holding in excess of 19.9% of the Company’s outstanding shares of common
stock as of November 8, 2024. On November 14, 2024, the Company and X Group entered into a letter agreement pursuant to which it amended
the terms of the Conversion Agreement and the X Group Warrant 2 issued in connection with the Conversion Agreement. Pursuant to the letter
agreement, the shares of common stock to be issued under the Conversion Agreement were amended to be 319,952 shares of common stock of
the Company and the exercise price of the X Group Warrant 2 was amended to be $2.41.

East Asia

On
August 1, 2024, the Company issued a Senior Unsecured Promissory Note (the “East Asia Note”) in the principal amount of $515,000
to East Asia Technology Investments Limited (“East Asia”) in consideration of cash proceeds in the amount of $412,075. The
East Asia Note bears interest of 12.0% per annum and is due and payable six months after issuance. As an additional inducement to provide
the loan as outlined under East Asia Note, the Company issued East Asia a Stock Purchase Warrant (“East Asia Warrant”) to
acquire 175,000 shares of common stock at a per share price of $2.00 for a term of five years that may be exercised on a cash or cashless
basis. East Asia shall have the right to convert the principal and interest payable under the East Asia Note into shares of common stock
of the Company at a per share conversion price of $2.00. The number of shares and exercise prices for the East Asia Note and East
Asia Warrant reflect the October 2024 reverse stock split.

Reverse Split 

The Board of Directors (the “Board”) of the Company unanimously
approved a reverse stock split of the Company’s common stock at a ratio of one-for-eight (the “Reverse Stock Split”).
The Company’s shareholders approved a reverse stock split at a ratio of not less than one-for-two and not greater than one-for-thirty
at the Company’s annual meeting on October 11, 2024.

On October 11, 2024, the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment to
the Company’s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation with the Delaware Secretary of State as corrected on October 16,
2024 to effect the Reverse Stock Split (the “Reverse Certificate of Amendment”), which became effective 12:01 am eastern time
on October 24, 2024. As a result of the Reverse Stock Split, every eight shares of the Company’s common stock issued and outstanding
on the effective were consolidated into one issued and outstanding share. All stockholders who would be entitled to receive fractional
shares as a result of the Reverse Stock Split received one whole share for their fractional share interest. On October 31, 2024, the Company
received notice from DTCC on behalf of the brokerage firms that hold the shares of Company common stock held in “street name”
that in connection with the foregoing rounding of shares the Company would need to issue 182,004 shares of common stock. The Company does
not believe the number of shares being requested is correct based on the historical number of shareholders of its common stock and is
aware of similar occurrences in recent months for other companies completing a reverse stock split. As such, the Company has begun an
inquiry into the calculations set forth in the request. During the pendency of this inquiry, the Company does not intend to issue any
shares in connection with the fractional shares being requested. The Company may face potential liability for its failure to issue the
shares of common stock if it is determined that it is required to issue such shares. There was no change in the par value of our common
stock.

In addition, proportionate adjustments will be made to the exercise
prices of the Company’s outstanding stock options and warrants and to the number of shares issued and issuable under the Company’s
existing stock incentive plans. All amounts reflected herein have been adjusted to reflect the Reverse Stock Split.

DRFQ

On November 8, 2024, the
Company entered into the Settlement Agreement Match, providing that Match agreed to sell DRFQ, to Mr. Khurshid or his nominee subject
to the Company obtaining shareholder approval (the “Settlement Agreement”). As required by the Settlement Agreement, the
Company, Match and Mr. Khurshid entered into a Share Purchase Agreement dated December 23, 2024 providing that the Company, subject to
it obtaining shareholder approval, will sell DRFQ to Mr. Khurshid in consideration of £1,000. The Company believes the sale of
DRFQ is in the best interest of the Company due to continuing net loss generated by DRFQ.

2

Vallis/Worsley

On November 8, 2024, the Company entered into Settlement Agreement
and Release with each of Craig Vallis and Oliver Worsley providing that the Company will issue 125,000 and 75,000 shares of common stock,
respectively, in consideration of each party releasing the Company for compensation owed for services.

Standby Equity Purchase Agreement

On December 3, 2024, the Company entered into the Standby Equity Purchase
Agreement (“SEPA”) with YA II PN, LTD, a Cayman Islands exempt limited partnership (the “Investor”) pursuant to
which the Company has the right to sell to the Investor up to $10 million of shares of its common stock, subject to certain limitations
and conditions set forth in the SEPA, from time to time during the term of the SEPA. Sales of the shares of common stock to the Investor
under the SEPA, and the timing of any such sales, are at the Company’s option, and the Company is under no obligation to sell any
shares of common stock to the Investor under the SEPA except in connection with notices that may be submitted by the Investor, in certain
circumstances as described below.

In connection with the SEPA, and subject to the conditions set forth
therein, the Investor has agreed to advance to the Company in the form of convertible promissory notes (the “Convertible Notes”)
an aggregate principal amount of $2.0 million (the “Pre-Paid Advance”), which was to be advanced to the Company in three tranches.
The first tranche of the Pre-Paid Advance, in the amount of $0.50 million, was disbursed to the Company on December 3, 2024 (the “YA
Note”). On December 19, 2024, the Company and YA II PN Ltd. (the “Investor”) entered into a Termination Agreement pursuant
to which the SEPA and the Registration Rights Agreement were terminated provided that such termination had no effect or bearing on, and
shall in no way alter in any way the YA Note or any portion of the SEPA or the Registration Rights Agreement related to the Note, or any
rights of the Investor or obligations of the Company related to the Note.

Star 26 Capital, Inc.

On December 15, 2024, the Company entered into the Star Agreement with
Star, the Star Equity Holders and Mr. Shalom as the representative of the Star Equity Holders. Star holds 95% of Rimon,
an Israeli corporation engaged as a supplier of generators for “iron dome” launchers and other defense products. Mr. Shalom,
who is the Chief Executive Officer and a director of the Company, is a controlling shareholder, Chief Executive Officer and a director
of Star. Pursuant to the Star Agreement, the Company at closing will acquire 51% of the issued and outstanding capital of Star in consideration
of (i) $15,000,000 in a combination of cash in the minimum amount of $5,000,000 and a promissory note for the remaining balance maturing
in 12 months following the closing (the “Investment Note”), (ii) the Company issuing the Seller 2,385,170 shares of common
stock of the Company and (iii) the Company issuing Star a five-year warrant to purchase an aggregate of 6,907,859 shares of the Company’s
common stock for an exercise price of $1.50 per share. The Star Equity Holders granted the Company an option (the “Option”)
to purchase the balance of their equity in Star (49%) for an aggregate of $16,084,250 (the “Option Exercise Price”) in consideration
for the issuance to the Star Equity Holders five-year warrants to purchase an aggregate of 720,000 shares of the Company’s common
stock for an exercise price of $1.50 per share. The Option Exercise Price to be paid by the Company to the Star Equity Holders will consist
of $3,000,000 in cash, a promissory note in the principal amount of $3,000,000, which shall accrue interest at the rate of 8% and be due
and payable six (6) months after the issuance thereof, 2,385,170 shares of common stock of the Company and a five-year warrant to purchase
5,109,789 shares of the Company’s common stock for an exercise price of $1.50 per share.

If, for a period of 12 months after the closing, the Company’s
shares of common stock are delisted from Nasdaq, Star shall have the right, at its own discretion, to require the Company to exchange
the Investment Note for all the shares of Star then held by the Company, provided, however, the Option shall be automatically cancelled
and Star shall retain any cash payments made by the Company to Star and the Company shall retain an equity interest in Star equivalent
to all cash payments. The closing of the Transaction is subject to customary closing conditions, including regulatory approvals, third-party
consents, fairness opinion, and approval by the Company’s shareholders as required under applicable Nasdaq listing rules.

Rimon operates two primary lines of business: (i) the purchase and
sale of generators, masts, and lightning products and solutions, which it acquires through exclusive distributorship agreements with key
third-party suppliers; and (ii) the engineering, design, production, integration, and maintenance of special tactical vehicles and trailers,
including reconnaissance vehicles, mobile command and control vehicles, firefighting trailers, energy and lighting trailers, and satellite
broadcast mobility platforms which are primarily sold to special defense forces, intelligence agencies and the Israeli Defense Forces.

The acquisition comes at a time of what the Company believes will be
growth and transformation within the global defense sector. The Company will integrate Star operations into its existing business structure
while continuing to explore additional opportunities for growth.

Private Placement - December 2024

On December 18, 2024, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase
Agreement with an accredited investor (the “Securities Purchase Agreement”) for a private placement (the “Private Placement”)
pursuant to which the investor (the “Purchaser”) agreed to purchase from the Company 1,666,666 units for an aggregate purchase
price of $10,000,000 or a per unit price of $6.00 with each unit consisting of (i) one share (the “Shares”) of common stock,
par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company (the “Common Stock”) and (ii) a common stock purchase warrant to purchase up to
one and one half shares of Common Stock (the “Common Warrant”). At the discretion of the Purchaser, it may elect to acquire
one pre-funded common stock purchase warrant in lieu of one Share (the “Pre-Funded Warrant”). Each Share and accompanying
Common Warrant is being sold together at a combined offering price of $6.00 per Share and Common Warrant. The Pre-Funded Warrant is immediately
exercisable, at a nominal exercise price of $0.0001 per share, and may be exercised at any time until the Pre-Funded Warrant is fully
exercised. The Common Warrant will have an exercise price of $6.00 per share, are immediately exercisable on a cash or cashless basis
and will expire five (5) years from the date of issuance. The Units were priced in excess of the average Nasdaq Official Closing Price
of the Company’s common stock (as reflected on Nasdaq.com) for the five trading days immediately preceding the signing of the Securities
Purchase Agreement. The Private Placement closed on December 20, 2024.

3

The Securities Purchase Agreement contains customary representations,
warranties and agreements of the Company and the Purchaser and customary indemnification rights and obligations of the parties thereto.
Pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement, the Company is required to register the resale of the Shares and the shares issuable upon
exercise of the Common Warrant and the Pre-Funded Warrant. The Company is required to prepare and file a registration statement with the
Securities and Exchange Commission within 15 days of the date of the Securities Purchase Agreement (the “Filing Deadline”)
and to use commercially reasonable efforts to have the registration statement declared effective within 45 days of the closing of the
Private Placement or 75 days in the event of a full review (the “Effectiveness Deadline”). In certain circumstances including,
but not limited to, if the Company misses the Filing Deadline or the Effectiveness Deadline, then the Company will be required to pay
to the Purchasers an amount in cash, as partial liquidated damages and not as a penalty, equal to the product of 5.0% multiplied by the
aggregate purchase price.

Pursuant to a Placement Agency Agreement, dated December 18, 2024,
between the Company and Dawson James Securities Inc. (the “Placement Agent”) entered into in connection with the Private Offering,
the Placement Agent acted as the sole placement agent for the Private Placement and the Company has paid customary placement fees to the
Placement Agent, including a cash fee equal to 7.0% of the gross proceeds raised in the Private Placement and 4.0% on all proceeds from
the exercise of the Common Warrants. Pursuant to the Placement Agency Agreement, the Company has also agreed to reimburse certain expenses
of the Placement Agent incurred in connection with the Private Placement.

Equity Compensation 

In order to compensate various executive officers, directors and consultants
of the Company who have provided services to the Company for an extended period of time with limited compensation, the Company issued
an aggregate of 1,337,500 restricted stock grants consisting of restricted shares of common stock under its stock incentive plans on December
16, 2024 prior to the market opened on such date of which Menachem Shalom received 500,000 shares of common stock, Anastasiia Kotaieva
received 150,000 shares of common stock and each of the directors of the Company received 10,000 shares of common stock. To date, prior
to the restricted stock grant, the directors of the Company have not received any compensation for their service and Mr. Shalom has not
received an equity award for his service. The shares of common stock were issued without registration under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the “Securities Act”) pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities
Act. The sale of the shares of common stock did not involve any public offering and each participant either received or had access to
adequate information the Company. No advertising or general solicitation was made in connection with the issuance of the shares of common
stock.

Star Business Description

Star Business Overview

Star is an acquisition holding
company focused on locating undervalued and undercapitalized companies, primarily in the defense, industrial machinery and application,
manufacturing, transportation, information technology, and aerospace industries, and providing them capitalization and leadership to maximize
their value and the potential of their private enterprises while also promoting diversification and risk mitigation for our stockholders.
Our acquisition strategy focuses on small and medium businesses, which we characterize as those that have an enterprise value of less
than $200 million, in a variety of different industries, with a preference for multinational businesses. To date, we have completed a
single acquisition of a defense technology company. Star has not identified any specific business as a target for its next acquisition,
and it has not entered into any letters of intent, nor has anyone on its behalf, initiated any substantive acquisition discussions, directly
or indirectly, with any such target.

Star completed its first acquisition
on February 15, 2024, in connection with our operating subsidiary in the Israeli defense industry, B. Rimon Agencies Ltd. Rimon is a defense
technology company and has been in business since 1992 serving the country of Israel and acting as an exclusive distributor in Israel
of tier-1 generators, masts, and lighting solutions, as well as a wide range of defense, homeland security and commercial systems.

Through its structure, Star intends to offer investors an opportunity
to participate in the ownership and growth of a portfolio of businesses that will continue to expand, which have traditionally
been owned and managed by private equity firms, private individuals or families, financial institutions, or large conglomerates. The Company
seeks to acquire controlling interests in small and medium businesses that it believes operate in industries with long-term
growth opportunities, which continue to have positive and stable earnings and cash flows, face minimal threats from technological or competitive
obsolescence, and have strong management teams largely in place. Star’s mission is to make these businesses its majority-owned subsidiaries
and actively manage and grow such businesses. Star expects to improve its business over the long term through organic growth opportunities,
add-on acquisitions, and operational improvements.

For the avoidance of doubt,
as of the date hereof, Star has not identified any target businesses which it intends to acquire, nor has it made any material or significant
steps towards acquiring any such businesses. Further, it does not expect to engage in any such negotiations prior the date of the Special
Meeting.

Star’s Corporate History and Structure

Star was incorporated by its
founder, Menachem Shalom, on January 17, 2024, as Star 26 Capital Inc., a Nevada corporation. Our founder is the owner of all 9,250,000
shares of its class B common stock which are issued and outstanding. Mr. Shalom’s class B common stock ownership entitles him to
100 votes per share of class B common stock, or 925,000,000 total votes on any matter which its class A common stockholders are entitled
to approve as a single class.

Zero One Capital LLC, Star’s
Manager, is a New York limited liability company formed by Mr. Shalom on January 19, 2024, as a management services company. Zero One
became our manager upon the execution of a management services agreement by and between the same on June 28, 2024. The Manager is also
the manager of Rimon, Star’s indirect wholly owned subsidiary operating in the defense industry, pursuant to the offsetting management
services agreement dated August 12, 2024, by and between Zero One, Rimon, and the Company as a third-party beneficiary.

4

Billio
Inc., Star’s wholly owned subsidiary, is a Delaware corporation formed by Mr. Shalom on February 12, 2021, to act as an intermediate
holding company for Rimon.

Star’s Acquisition of Rimon

On February 15, 2024, Star
executed an assignment and assumption agreement with Mr. Shalom, pursuant to which Star, through its wholly owned subsidiary, Billio,
acquired all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of Rimon. Under the terms of that agreement, Star agreed to assume all of Mr.
Shalom’s rights and obligations toward the sellers of Rimon, as outlined in earlier agreements by and between the same, dated December
22, 2023, and February 15, 2024. Additionally, Star agreed to reimburse Mr. Shalom for his out-of-pocket costs related to the acquisition
of Rimon, and for operating loans which he made to Rimon thereafter. To do so, Star issued him a demand grid promissory note with an initial
principal of $155,405, which increased to $280,857 by August 28, 2024, with the initial principal being advanced to cover Mr. Shalom’s
out-of-pocket costs, and the increase therein related to the advance for operations. The grid note bears interest at 8% per annum and
matures 60 days after the earlier of one year from the issuance date or upon the closing of a private placement or public offering of
at least $5,000,000.

Star’s Market Opportunity and Growth
Strategy

Star believes there is a significant
opportunity for organic growth via the acquisition of small and medium size businesses with an enterprise value of less than $200 million
(based on the opinion of our management team and advisory board), that may be operating in highly fragmented markets throughout the world,
including the U.S. and Israel, which are owned and operated by persons within isolated networks of family offices, entrepreneurs, and
intermediaries, each of which with the potential to generate attractive returns for our stockholders and investors. Star’s core
operational principles focus on managing our acquired enterprises to ensure recurring cash flow and lasting terminal value, while fostering
long-term sustainability in our investments. To do so, Star aims to invest in and/or buy controlling stakes in operating, revenue-generating
businesses. Controlling stakes would allow us to lead the companies into operational efficiencies, growth in revenues, improved financial
reporting and operational procedures, hire talented employees and managers and increase the overall enterprise value of these companies.
Star’s search for future acquisition targets focuses on companies located in the U.S. or Israel, or both, that provide products
and or services to large defense and aerospace companies and or governments. Notwithstanding the forgoing, we may target and acquire companies
for acquisition that are located outside the U.S. and Israel if such acquisitions fit within our overall acquisition philosophy and strategy.

Star also believe that the
economic and market dislocations resulting from the conflict in Israel, as well as other conflicts worldwide, provide an opportunity for
companies in the defense industry to see higher-than-average demand for their products and services. Such market conditions, if they persist,
would allow us to focus on acquiring profitable businesses in the defense sector, with the opportunity to take advantage of their potential
future growth. Within the Israeli defense market in particular, Star expects to see a significant number of businesses struggling to satisfy
growing demand for their products and services due to a lack of access to capital and experienced executive level leadership among other
factors. Star believes it will be able to provide these needed resources to any Israeli target company that it acquires. It is confident
that the expertise of our management team and the relationships that they can bring to an acquisition represent a compelling value proposition
for any potential acquisition target looking to add working capital, a pathway to exit, and a solid leadership base, to assist such a
company to grow and expand and to be able to take advantage of market opportunities as they arise.

Star’s Acquisition Process and Strategy

Star’s current acquisition
strategy involves the acquisition of small and medium size businesses in various industries, with an initial focus on industries associated
with the defense sector, including but not limited to industrial machinery and application, manufacturing, transportation, information
technology, and aerospace, that we expect will produce positive, stable earnings, and provide attractive returns on our invested capital.
As part of its evaluation of whether it will acquire a particular business, it will perform a comprehensive due diligence review to determine
the quality and intrinsic value of the targeted company. Star will also seek to identify operational inefficiencies which it would expect
to resolve, post-closing, by implementing streamlined processes, optimizing resource allocation, and leveraging innovative solutions with
the objective of enhancing overall productivity and effectiveness of such companies. Its due diligence typically includes an analysis
of the target Company’s financial statements, detailed document reviews, meetings with current management, consultations with relevant
industry experts, competitors, suppliers, and customers, and any other information gathering that we deem appropriate in conducting a
comprehensive analysis.

Star believes that the defense
sector is poised to experience significant growth in the next few years due to the increasing number of violent conflicts in the world,
which may cause an increase in direct demand for defense solutions from conflict participants and their allies. Star also anticipate seeing
indirect, additional defense industry growth for, as we have observed, countries not involved in or participating in conflicts tend to
increase their defense budgets and spending in anticipation of additional future conflicts in which they may become involved. It is Star’s
belief that acquiring companies in the defense sector will help us establish a unique marketing network and build expertise in the greater
defense sector, thus enabling us to cross-sell products to our large customers and facilitate higher success rates in our sales efforts.

According to Star’s
industry specific market research and analysis, and the network and knowledge of its management team, it is Star’s expectation
that attractive opportunities are likely to emerge as private sector owners aim to grow their businesses through scaling or by forming
outside partnerships to add value. Star’s value-add proposition involves partnering with exceptional entrepreneurs, acquiring their
companies, and guiding them by providing the funding and resources they will need to become global enterprises. Star believes that through
this approach Star will be more likely to identify and attract potential and appropriate targets for acquisition. Star also believe that
the greatest opportunities for consistent annual returns and residual returns on capital from its acquisitions lie in targeting businesses
in niche geographical markets with a competitive edge in the defense, government, and military sectors, especially in the U.S. and Israel.
While Star expects its management team will be most effective working with the types of businesses described above, Star will also consider
acquiring businesses outside of these industries and sectors as long as any such businesses are congruent with our acquisition strategy.

5

Pursuant to the acquisition
strategy, Star will seek to structure its transactions such that each of the businesses it acquires will become its wholly owned or controlled
subsidiary. However, Star may also close acquisitions that result in its ownership of an entity being less than 100%, to meet certain
objectives of the target management team or their then-existing stockholders, or for other strategic reasons; 
provided
 that Star
will always acquire more than 50% of the outstanding voting control of any target, or otherwise obtain a controlling interest in such
target.

Star intends to finance acquisitions
primarily through the public or private sale of our equity and debt securities. While the success of this financing strategy cannot be
guaranteed, the ability to finance future acquisitions through its general capital resources, rather than through acquisition-specific
financing, will allow Star to minimize delays and closing conditions, thereby enhancing its ability to acquire attractive businesses.
Because the timing and size of future acquisitions cannot be readily predicted, we may need access to funding on short notice to be able
to benefit fully from attractive acquisition opportunities.

As part of the acquisition
strategy, Star will seek to evaluate each potential target’s management team and operational and financial strengths and weaknesses.
It will review and compare identified targets to comparable businesses and conduct in-depth research on each potential target’s
industry to enhance our assessment of their financial and operational performance and their growth and success potential. Star will thoroughly
negotiate appropriate terms and conditions of any acquisition of a target company that satisfies its acquisition criteria. Some of the
future acquisition targets may be financially unstable or in the early stages of development or growth. Even if pre-existing conditions
do not negatively impact its decision to acquire a target company, such target may also be subject to numerous other risks inherent in
its business and industry, as well as the risks faced by generally by capital markets participants. Although its management team will
endeavor to comprehensively evaluate the risks associated with any particular acquisition target, Star cannot assure you that it will
properly ascertain, assess, or protect against all significant risk factors.

Valuation and Due Diligence

Star will perform rigorous
business operations and financial evaluations of any target businesses (or assets) that it may acquire. During such due diligence, Star
intends to evaluate the financial aspects of its acquisition targets using the following metrics:

●

discounted cash flow analysis;

●

evaluation of trading values of comparable public companies;

●

expected value matrices;

●

assessment of competitor, supplier, and customer environments; and

●

review and examination of recent/precedent transactions.

Star expects its target review
process will yield two outcomes, (1) an accurate projection of expected cash flows, and (2) an understanding of the types and levels of
risk associated with those projections. While future performance and projections are always uncertain, Star believes that its detailed
target company review process will enable us to effectively evaluate the prospects and upside of any given acquisition opportunity. Additionally,
to assist Star in identifying material risks and validating key assumptions in our financial and operational analysis, Star will engage
third-party experts to review key risk areas, including legal, tax, regulatory, accounting, insurance and environmental. Star may also
engage technical, operational or industry consultants, as necessary.

Star also engages in an extensive
evaluation of each target’s existing management team, including a focus on recent performance, expertise, experience, culture, and
performance incentives. Where necessary, and consistent with our management strategy, following the acquisition of a target company, we
will actively seek to augment, supplement, or replace existing members of target company management who we believe are not likely to properly
execute our business plan for the target. Star also analyzes and evaluates the operational and financial systems of each target business
and, when necessary, post-acquisition, we will actively seek to enhance and improve those existing systems that are deemed to be inadequate
or insufficient to support our business plan for the target business.

Financing

Star expects to finance acquisitions
primarily through additional equity and debt offerings. Although Star cannot guarantee that it will be successful with this
strategy, Star believes that having the ability to finance particular future acquisitions with the general capital resources raised
by the company will provide us with an advantage in acquiring attractive businesses by minimizing delay and closing conditions that
are often related to acquisition-specific financings. In this respect, Star believes that, in the future, it will need to pursue
access to additional capital via debt or equity offerings to successfully fund and execute our business and acquisition strategy.

Competition 

In identifying, evaluating,
and selecting potential target businesses for its acquisition strategy, Star may encounter intense competition from other entities that
have business objectives similar to Star, including blank check companies such as SPACs, leveraged buyout funds, operating businesses
seeking strategic acquisitions, and private equity groups. Many of these entities are well-established and well-financed and may have
greater experience identifying and effecting acquisitions directly or indirectly. These competitors may possess greater financial, technical,
human, and other resources than we do. Star’s ability to acquire larger target businesses in our target sectors will be limited
by its available financial resources. Star’s inherent financial limitations may provide others with an advantage to pursue the
acquisition of one or more of its identified target businesses. Any of these factors may place Star at a competitive disadvantage in
successfully negotiating acquisitions.

6

Competitive Advantages

Star believes that its Manager’s
collective investment experience and approach to executing its investment strategy will enable it to have several competitive
advantages. Star’s competitive strengths that differentiate Star from other acquisition holding companies include:

●

Specialization in the Military and Defense sector. 
Star believes that its focus on the military and defense sectors will enable it to be competitive. This industry may be undergoing a significant transformation as government acquisition processes and new policy incentives align to prioritize national security objectives and promote the adoption of new commercial technologies for military use. In addition, the combination of governments of multiple countries having a need for new, advanced technologies to combat modern threats, along with changing warfare tactics, is driving this specific demand. We believe we are uniquely positioned to enter and succeed as an acquisition holding company in this industry.

●

International and Sector-Specific Expertise
. Mr. Shalom, the founder and Chief Executive Officer of Star, has operated businesses internationally, including in Israel. His extensive international experience and knowledge of Israeli business operations, along with a broad network of contacts, provide us with a competitive advantage. This network can assist Star in identifying new acquisition targets, finding suitable managers, and securing international capital. Additionally, its directors and executive officers bring executive, investment, and operational experience in managing and growing small and middle-market companies in the defense sector. Star believes this combined expertise gives it a significant edge in evaluating future business and acquisition opportunities.

●

Value Proposition for Business Owners
. Star employs a creative, flexible approach by tailoring each acquisition structure to meet the specific liquidity needs and certain qualitative objectives of a target’s owners and management team. Star is open to providing a complete exit strategy to its sellers or providing opportunities to retain incumbent management. In this effort, Star believes that its company is an appealing buyer for small business owners and managers. As a result, Star believes business owners and managers will find it to be a dynamic, value-added buyer that brings resources to achieve their strategic, capital and operating needs, resulting in value creation for the operating subsidiary.

Human Capital

Star has one full-time employee.
As indicated below, Star’s operating subsidiary Rimon employs 14 people: three technicians, two engineers, two assembly workers,
three sales employees, one customer support employee, one financial bookkeeper, and two management employees. None of our employees or
any of our subsidiary’s employees are represented by labor unions, and we believe that we have an excellent relationship with such
employees.

Sales and Marketing

Star markets its generators,
masts, lightning and utility vehicles through our websites and by working with our internal sales team that offers relevant off-the-shelf
or tailor-made solutions based on specific client needs and requests. In the future, Star intends to utilize numerous avenues to promote
its business, including digital marketing across social media channels, Web3 reservation systems, and various modes of advertisements.

Legal Proceedings

From time to time, Star and
its subsidiaries may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business. However,
litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may
harm our business. We are not currently aware of any such legal proceedings or claims that we believe will have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition or operating results.

Government Regulation

The following is a list of government regulations
which may apply to Star now or in the future as it continues to carry out its business:

●

Approval of U.S. and Other Defense Acquisitions
. Many countries, including Israel, require governmental approval of acquisitions of local defense companies or assets by foreign entities. Mergers and acquisitions of defense-related and other potentially sensitive businesses in the U.S. are subject to the Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act of 2018 (FIRRMA). Under FIRRMA, its future acquisitions of defense-related and other potentially sensitive businesses in the U.S., if any, may require review, and in some cases approval, by the Committee on Foreign Investment in the U.S. (CFIUS). CFIUS has the authority to impose additional restrictions through National Security Agreements (NSA) as part of its review and approval of the acquisitions.

●

Procurement Regulations
. Solicitations for procurement by governmental purchasing agencies in Israel, the U.S. and other countries are governed by laws, regulations and procedures such as those relating to procurement integrity, including due diligence, avoiding conflicts of interest and corruption, and meeting information assurance and cyber-security requirements. Such regulations also include provisions relating to the avoidance of human trafficking and counterfeit parts in the supply chain. In view of the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine, various countries and organizations have adopted specific sanctions and regulations to restrict, among other things, the use of certain goods and technologies originating from Russia. Similarly, the United Stated has adopted specific regulations to restrict, among other things, the procurement of goods or services from specific Chinese entities. Such regulations may apply to us as well as to our supply chain.

7

●

Anti-Bribery/Corruption Regulations.
 Star may conduct operations in a number of markets that are considered high risk from an anti-bribery/anti-corruption compliance perspective. Laws and regulations such as the Israel Penal Code, the OECD Convention on Combating Bribery of Foreign Public Officials in International Business Transactions, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act and corresponding legislation in other countries, prohibit providing personal benefits or bribes to government officials in connection with the governmental procurement process. Israeli defense exporters are required to maintain and follow an anti-bribery/corruption compliance program.

●

Cybersecurity and Data Privacy Regulations. 
Certain data relating to employees, customers and supply chain that we may receive and maintain, now or in the future, directly or indirectly, is subject to data privacy regulations, including those of the European General Data Privacy Regulation and corresponding Israeli legislation. There has also been an increased focus on cybersecurity, as global privacy, cybersecurity and data protection-related laws and regulations are evolving, extensive, and complex. Star may also be required to comply with expanding and increasingly complex cybersecurity regulations and guidelines in the United States, Israel and elsewhere with respect to reporting adverse events and additional requirements for avoiding or responding to an adverse event.

●

Audit Regulations
. In the future, the Israeli Ministry of Defense may audit the books and records of our Israeli defense contractor subsidiaries. Such books and records and other aspects of projects related to U.S. defense contracts, if any, will also be subject to audit by U.S. government audit agencies. Such audits review compliance with government contracting cost accounting and other applicable standards. If discrepancies are found this could result in a downward adjustment of the applicable contract’s price as well as potential penalties. Some other customers have similar rights under specific regulations or contract provisions.

●

Competition Laws
. Competition laws and regulations in Israel, the U.S. and other countries often require governmental approvals for transactions that are considered to limit competition. Such transactions may include the formation of joint venture entities, cooperative agreements for specific programs or areas, as well as mergers and acquisitions.

●

Environmental, Health and Safety Regulations
. Star may become subject to a variety of environmental, health and safety laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we have operations. This potentially includes regulations relating to air, water and ground contamination, hazardous waste disposal and other areas with a potential environmental, health or safety impact. Increased public concern may result in more international, U.S. federal, and/or regional requirements to reduce or mitigate the effects of climate change, such as regulating greenhouse gas emissions, policies mandating or promoting the use of renewable or zero-carbon energy and sustainability initiatives, and additional taxes on fuel and energy. Legislation or regulations may be enacted or promulgated in any jurisdiction in which we do business that impose more stringent restrictions and requirements than our current legal or regulatory obligations. In January 2023, the European Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD) came into force, which requires in-scope companies, among other things, to make sustainability reports including certain mandatory disclosures and other voluntary disclosures on impacts, risks, and opportunities in relation to sustainability matters identified as material by the relevant entity. On March 6, 2024, new SEC rules on climate-related disclosure were adopted which may subject us to burdensome and potentially costly emissions and other data gathering and reporting requirements. We will continue to assess the potential impact of the CSRD and SEC rules on our business and subsidiaries, if any.

B. Rimon Agencies Ltd., Star’s Israeli
Defense Business

Star’s defense military
technology business is operated by B. Rimon Agencies Ltd., an Israeli limited liability company and our indirect, wholly owned operating
subsidiary that it acquired on February 15, 2024.

Through Rimon, Star operates
in two primary lines of business:(i) the purchase and sale of generators, masts, and lightning products and solutions, which it acquires
through exclusive distributorship agreements with key third-party suppliers. Most of these products are sold to defense, security, and
military clients in Israel, including Refeal, the manufacturer of anti-rocket systems like Iron Dome, Israel Aviation Industries and Elbit
Systems, two major Israeli defense companies with global reach, the Israeli Ministry of Defense, the Israeli Police, and other security-related
entities; and (ii) the engineering, design, production, integration, and maintenance of special tactical vehicles and trailers, including
reconnaissance vehicles, mobile command and control vehicles, firefighting trailers, energy and lighting trailers, mobile bank branches,
and satellite broadcast mobility platforms which are primarily sold to special defense forces, intelligence agencies, the Israeli Defense
Forces, municipalities, and other governmental and security-focused clients.

The Defense Industry

The primary geographic market
focus as of the date hereof is Israel where the majority of its customers are located and operate. Star believes that Israel is a heavyweight
in the global defense market, primarily due to its advanced military industries, with the country specifically accounting for 2.3% of
global military exports (Observer Research Foundation, 
the strategic and military-technological significance of Israel
). Israel
was the 10
th
 largest defense exporter from 2018 to 2022, with the U.S. and United Kingdom being among those customers that
implemented Israeli defense systems such as the ‘Trophy’ Active Protection system, which creates a neutralization bubble around
military vehicles and rapidly detects, classifies and engages all known chemical energy (CE) threats including recoilless rifles, ATGMs,
AT rockets, HEAT tank rounds, and RPGs. Israel has a strong missile defense system and is one of few countries with successful experience
in a multi-tiered missile defense system. There have also been multiple sales between Israel and national providers of defense technologies.
For example, the U.S. approved the sale of David’s Sling, a complete air defense system designed to defeat the full spectrum of
long range air and missile threats, by Israel and the private company Rafael Advanced Defense Systems Ltd., manufacturer of the David’s
sling system, to Finland on August 2, 2023, a project that was valued at more than 300 million euros, marking a key development in Israel’s
medium-tier missile defense offerings.

8

Further, the market size for
the defense industry was approximately $76.1 billion in the U.S. in 2022 and is estimated to grow to $184.7 billion by 2027. Further,
it is estimated that the compound annual growth rate for the defense technology market will be approximately 15.9% from 2022 to 2027 (PitchBook
,
Emerging Tech Research
). It has also been estimated that approximately $135.3 billion was invested in the defense industry from 2016
to 2022. While we do not currently have any United States operations or customers, and do not have any current plans to enter the United
States defense industry, we may and intend to do so in the future via directed sales and marketing efforts, or via the acquisition of
complimentary United States defense industry businesses.

Digital RFQ

Through our Digital RFQ subsidiary,
we currently aim to provide cross-border payment and transactions solutions to institutional investors, and offer blockchain-enabled financial
services solutions to institutional investors in a secure, compliant and globally accessible manner. The blockchain-enabled payment gateway
we have developed has the capability to deliver global cross-border transfers of fiat currencies using blockchain rails. Digital RFQ currently
offers payment and settlement services, including those utilizing blockchain networks, but does not provide custody or wallet services
with respect to digital assets, and does not hold digital assets, reducing the risks and regulatory burden on its business. In future,
Digital RFQ plans to offer a white-labelled digital bank with end-to-end digital banking solutions for international business. We are
uncertain as to when we will be able to offer these products and intend to evaluate potential strategic opportunities for DigiClear which
may include the sale of the assets or a joint venture, of which there is no guarantee. Our competitors in this product category are banks
and other financial institutions, and we intend to compete by offering faster and more reliable products using more advanced technology.
Products and services offered by Digital RFQ are distributed through our website.

Digital RFQ is regulated
in the United Kingdom by the Financial Conduct Authority and is in good standing and is and has been in the past in material compliance
with the applicable laws, rules and regulations promulgated thereby. Digital RFQ is subject to Anti Money Laundering (“AML”)
and Counter Terrorist Finance (“CTF”) regulations consistent with our authorization by the Financial Conduct Authority as
an Electronic Money Directive Agent, among others. For a discussion of the various laws and regulations Digital RFQ is subject.

The “blockchain technology”
used by Digital RFQ in its payment processing business includes only advanced-stage and fully tested, well-established and fully collateralized
stablecoins operated on the Bitcoin, Ethereum and Tron networks. However, in future, we will be free to use other blockchain networks
if we determine that they offer more sophisticated or secure technology. Based on our risk assessments, we determine the appropriate
network to use for a particular transaction or customer. We do not use stablecoins of an algorithmic nature, and in the event that we
determine any particular stablecoin presents a threat or risk to the security of our business, customers or the transactions we process,
we promptly move to another stablecoin network. We do not accept payment in digital assets and do not hold digital assets for investment
or offer digital wallet services. For a description of the risks associated with the use of blockchain technology in financial services
generally, and payment processing specifically.

DigiClear

Through DigiClear, we plan to develop technology that offers a custody
and settlement utility operating system aiming to deliver value and a high-functioning automated post-trade solution. DigiClear aims to
provide clients with the means to transfer underlying assets to alternative custodians at any time. We intend for DigiClear to use hardware
security modules to offer technology that can secure client assets to block any unwanted modification of client settlement instructions
or transfers. We expect that the transfer process that DigiClear’s technology will offer will be fully automated, monitored and
can be processed within milliseconds. We are uncertain as to when we will be able to offer these products and intend to evaluate potential
strategic opportunities for DigiClear which may include the sale of the assets or a joint venture, of which there is no guarantee. Our
competitors in this product category are banks and other financial institutions and smaller financial technology companies, and we intend
to compete by offering faster and more reliable products using more advanced technology. Assuming we are offering DigiClear
products and services once commercially developed these will be distributed through our website.

9

GSA Agreements

On May 24, 2016, Nukkleus
Limited entered into a General Service Agreement to provide its software, technology, customer sales and marketing and risk management
technology hardware and software solutions package to FML Malta Ltd. In December 2017, Nukkleus Limited, FML Malta Ltd. and TCM entered
into a letter agreement providing that there was an error in drafting the General Service Agreement and acknowledging that the correct
counter-party to Nukkleus Limited in the General Service Agreement is TCM. Accordingly, all references to FML Malta Ltd. have been replaced
with TCM. TCM is a private limited liability company formed under the laws of Malta. The General Service Agreement entered with TCM provides
that TCM will pay Nukkleus Limited at minimum $2,000,000 per month. On October 17, 2017, Nukkleus Limited entered into an amendment of
the General Service Agreement with TCM. In accordance with the amendment, which was effective as of October 1, 2017, the minimum amount
payable by TCM to Nukkleus Limited for services was reduced from $2,000,000 per month to $1,600,000 per month. Emil Assentato is also
the majority member of Max Q Investments LLC (“Max Q”), which is managed by Derivative Marketing Associates Inc. (“DMA”).
Mr. Assentato is the sole owner and manager of DMA. Max Q owns 79% of Currency Mountain Malta LLC, which in turn is the sole shareholder
of TCM.

In addition, on May 24, 2016, in order to appropriately service TCM,
Nukkleus Limited entered into a General Service Agreement with FXDIRECT, which provides that Nukkleus Limited will pay FXDIRECT a minimum
of $1,975,000 per month in consideration of providing personnel engaged in operational and technical support, marketing, sales support,
accounting, risk monitoring, documentation processing and customer care and support. FXDIRECT may terminate this agreement upon providing
90 days’ written notice. On October 17, 2017, Nukkleus Limited entered into an amendment of the General Service Agreement with FXDIRECT.
Pursuant to the amendment, which was effective as of October 1, 2017, the minimum amount payable by Nukkleus Limited to FXDIRECT for services
was reduced from $1,975,000 per month to $1,575,000 per month. Currency Mountain Holdings LLC is the sole shareholder of FXDIRECT. Max
Q is the majority shareholder of Currency Mountain Holdings LLC. Due to non-payment by TCM under the GSA, the Company has advised TCM
that the GSA has been terminated. The Company has historically generated substantially most of its revenue through the services rendered
under the GSA.

Due
to non-payment by TCM under the GSA, the Company has advised TCM that the GSA has been terminated. The Company has historically generated
substantially most of its revenue through the services rendered under the GSA. On September 30, 2024, the Company, TCM and FXDirectDealer
LLC (“FXDD”) entered into a Release Agreement pursuant to which the parties confirmed that the GSA between the Company and
TCM and the General Services Agreement dated May 24, 2016, as amended (“FXDD GSA”) between the Company and FDDD were terminated
effective January 1, 2024. The parties further confirmed that there are no obligations or liabilities outstanding or owed between the
parties as of September 30, 2024 and each party released and forever discharged the other party from any and all claims, demands, damages,
actions, causes of action, or suits of any kind or nature whatsoever, both known and unknown, which have arisen or may arise from the
GSA or the FXDD GSA.

The foregoing descriptions
of the terms and conditions of the General Services Agreement with FML Malta Ltd, the amendment to such General Services Agreement, and
the General Services Agreement with FXDIRECT are not complete and are qualified in their entirety by the full text of the applicable agreement,
which are filed herewith as Exhibit and incorporated herein by reference.

In addition to the revenues
from our General Services Agreement with TCM, Nukkleus received revenue from financial services through Digital RFQ.

Corporate Office

Nukkleus’s
principal executive office is 575 Fifth Ave, 14th Floor, New York, New York 10017. Our main telephone number is 212-791-
4663.

Employees

We have the equivalent to
approximately 12 employees, of which 11 employees work for Digital RFQ and one employee works for Nukkleus.

10