Item 2. Properties for a list of the principal domestic and international manufacturing facilities by segment.  

Metal fabrication, finishing, sub-assembly and assembly operations are typically conducted at each manufacturing facility. Equipment installed at individual manufacturing facilities includes numerically controlled turret presses and machine centers, shears, press brakes, welding equipment, polishing equipment, CAD/CAM systems and product testing and quality assurance measurement devices. The company's CAD/CAM systems enable virtual electronic prototypes to be created, reviewed and refined before the first physical prototype is built.

Detailed manufacturing drawings are quickly and accurately derived from the model and passed electronically to manufacturing for programming and optimal parts nesting on various numerically controlled punching cells. The company believes that this integrated product development and manufacturing process is critical to assuring product performance, customer service and competitive pricing.

The company has established comprehensive programs to ensure the quality of products, to analyze potential product failures and to certify vendors for continuous improvement. Products manufactured by the company are tested prior to shipment to ensure compliance with company standards.

7
Sources of Supply

The company purchases its raw materials and component parts from a number of suppliers. The majority of the company’s material purchases are standard commodity-type materials, such as stainless steel, electrical components and hardware. These materials and parts generally are available in adequate quantities from numerous suppliers. Some component parts are obtained from sole sources of supply. In such instances, management believes it can substitute other suppliers as required. The majority of fabrication is done internally through the use of automated equipment. Certain equipment and accessories are manufactured by other suppliers for sale by the company. The company believes it enjoys good relationships with its suppliers.
Research and Development

The company believes its future success will depend in part on its ability to develop new products and to improve existing products. Much of the company's research and development efforts at the Commercial Foodservice Equipment Group, the Food Processing Equipment Group and the Residential Kitchen Equipment Group are directed to the development and improvement of products designed to reduce cooking and processing time, increase capacity or throughput, reduce energy consumption, minimize labor costs, improve product yield and improve customer, employee and environmental safety, while maintaining consistency and quality of cooking production and food preparation. The company's efforts have also been focused on IoT solutions which allow customers to connect, analyze and control equipment, while delivering operational efficiencies. The company has identified these issues as key concerns for most of its customers. The company often identifies product improvement opportunities by working closely with customers on specific applications. Most research and development activities are performed by the company's technical service and engineering staff located at each manufacturing location. On occasion, the company will contract outside engineering firms to assist with the development of certain technical concepts and applications. See Note 3(n) to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information on the company's research and development activities.

Seasonality

The company’s revenues at the Commercial Foodservice Equipment Group historically have been slightly stronger in the second and third quarters due to increased purchases from customers involved with the catering business and institutional customers, particularly schools, during the summer months. Revenues at the Residential Kitchen Equipment Group are historically stronger in the second and third quarters, due to increased purchases of outdoor cooking equipment and greater new home construction and remodels during the summer months, and the fourth quarter, due to increased holiday purchases in the European markets. 
Trademarks, Patents and Licenses

The company has developed, acquired and assembled a leading portfolio of trademarks and trade names. The company believes that these trademarks and trade names help the company compete in the marketplace due to their recognition with customers, restaurant operators, distribution partners, sales and service agents, and foodservice consultants that specify foodservice equipment.

The company's leading portfolio of trade names of its Commercial Foodservice Equipment Group include Anets, APW Wyott, Bakers Pride, Beech Ovens, BKI, Blodgett, Blodgett Combi, Bloomfield, Blue Sparq, Britannia, Carter-Hoffmann, Celfrost, Concordia, CookTek, Crown, CTX, Desmon, Deutsche Beverage, Doyon, Emery Thompson, Eswood, EVO, Firex, Flavor Burst, Follett, Frifri, Globe, Goldstein, Holman, Houno, Hydra Rinse, Icetro, IMC, Imperial, Induc, Jade, JoeTap, Josper, Kloppenberg, L2F, Lang, Lincat, Marco, MagiKitch’n, Market Forge, Marsal, Marvel Scientific, Mercury, Middleby Marshall, Newton CFV, Nieco, Nu-Vu, Perfect Fry, Pitco, Powerhouse Dynamics, QualServ, RAM, Southbend, Ss Brewtech, Star, Starline, Sveba Dahlen, Synesso, Taylor, Terry, Thor, Toastmaster, TurboChef, U-Line Commercial, Ultrafryer, Varimixer, Viking Commercial, Wells, Wild Goose Filling and Wunder-Bar. 

The company’s leading portfolio of trade names of its Food Processing Equipment Group include Alkar, Armor Inox, Auto-Bake, Baker Thermal Solutions, Burford, Colussi Ermes, Cozzini, CV-Tek, Danfotech, Drake, Escher, Filtration Automation, GBT GmbH Bakery, Glimek, Gorreri, Hinds-Bock, Inline Filling Systems, JC Ford, Key-Log, Maurer-Atmos, Maxmac, MP Equipment, Pacproinc, Proxaut, RapidVisionPak, Scanico, Spooner Vicars, Stewart Systems, Sveba Dahlen, Thurne, and Vemac.
8
The company’s leading portfolio of trade names of its Residential Kitchen Equipment Group include AGA, AGA Cookshop, Brava, Char-Griller, EVO, Kamado Joe, La Cornue, Leisure Sinks, Lynx, Marvel, Masterbuilt, Mercury, Novy, Rangemaster, Rayburn, Sedona, Ss Brewtech, Stanley, Synesso, Trade-Wind, TurboChef, U-Line, Varimixer and Viking.

The company holds a broad portfolio of patents and licenses covering technology and applications related to various products, equipment and systems. Management believes the expiration of any one of these patents would not have a material adverse effect on the overall operations or profitability of the company.
Human Capital
As of December 28, 2024, 10,616 persons were employed by the company and its subsidiaries among the various groups as described below. Of this amount, 5,828 employees were located in the United States and the remaining employees were located outside of the United States. Unionized employees accounted for approximately 5% of the company’s workforce as of December 28, 2024. Management believes that the relationships between employees and management are good.
The company believes its success is a direct result of the people employed around the world. The company strives to create a culture that encourages and celebrates collaboration, creativity and confidence while maintaining an environment based on ethical values. The goal is to create a workplace that enables employees to develop their individual paths toward their career goals and encourages a long-term working relationship with the company.
Commercial Foodservice Equipment Group

As of December 28, 2024, 5,904 persons were employed within the Commercial Foodservice Equipment Group. Of this amount, 2,581 were management, administrative, sales, engineering and supervisory personnel, 2,937 were hourly production non-union workers and 386 were hourly production union members. Included in these totals were 2,491 individuals employed outside of the United States, of which 1,355 were management, sales, administrative and engineering personnel, 1,036 were hourly production non-union workers and 100 were hourly production union workers, who participate in an employee cooperative. At its Windsor, California facility, the company has a union contract with the Sheet Metal Workers International Association that expires on February 26, 2027. At its Elgin, Illinois facility, the company has a union contract with the International Brotherhood of Teamsters that expires on July 31, 2025. At its Easton, Pennsylvania facility, the company has a union contract with the United Steel, Paper and Forestry, Rubber, Manufacturing, Energy, Allied Industrial and Service Workers International Union that expires on June 15, 2027. The company also has a union workforce at its manufacturing facility in the Philippines, under a contract that expires on June 30, 2026. Management believes that the relationships between employees, unions and management are good.

Food Processing Equipment Group

As of December 28, 2024, 2,508 persons were employed within the Food Processing Equipment Group. Of this amount, 1,389 were management, administrative, sales, engineering and supervisory personnel, 1,008 were hourly production non-union workers and 111 were hourly production union members. Included in these totals were 1,298 individuals employed outside of the United States, of which 803 were management, sales, administrative and engineering personnel and 495 were hourly production non-union workers. At its Lodi, Wisconsin facility, the company has a contract with the International Association of Bridge, Structural, Ornamental and Reinforcing Ironworkers that expires on December 31, 2027
.

At its Algona, Iowa facility, the company has a union contract with the United Food and Commercial Workers that expires on December 31, 2026. Management believes that the relationships between employees, unions and management are good.

Residential Kitchen Equipment Group
As of December 28, 2024, 2,116 persons were employed within the Residential Kitchen Equipment Group. Of this amount, 905 were management, administrative, sales, engineering and supervisory personnel and 1,211 were hourly production workers. Included in these totals were 999 individuals employed outside of the United States, of which 496 were management, sales, administrative and engineering personnel and 503 were hourly non-union production workers. Management believes that the relationships between employees and management are good.
Corporate

As of December 28, 2024, 88 persons were employed at the corporate office.
9
Employee Advancement
The company believes offering opportunities for career development within the company is integral to building and retaining an outstanding workforce. The company is dedicated to the professional development of all employees. Through a commitment to an engaging culture, the company is able to build a platform that promotes equal opportunities for advancement for everyone. 
Employee Safety
The company is dedicated to providing a safe and healthy workplace by operating in accordance with established health and safety protocols. The company encourages a culture of safety due to the fact it reduces the risk of injury to employees, decreases expenses, and increases production. Each of our manufacturing locations maintains active safety committees that frequently review and assess the safety condition of their local work environment. The company invests in safety training, shares best practices, and reviews claim activity to continually review our progress in minimizing employee injury incidents in the workplace.
Culture
Fostering a culture that supports employees with a wide range of perspectives and experiences as well as professional growth and advancement is an integral part of the company’s culture. The company has a commitment to build its workforce from a broad range of experiences and talents. The company is well-positioned to attract the best talent from a wide range of communities, which allows better alignment with customers and creative and efficient development of new products for the marketplace. As a global corporation, the company embraces and celebrates differences among our employees and endeavors to cultivate an environment where inclusion is a core value of the organization.
A Focus on Ethics
The company is dedicated to promoting integrity, honesty, and professionalism in all of the business activities within the company. The company strongly believes that business success is a direct correlation of its reputation for fairness and integrity. Accordingly, it is essential that the company’s board members and employees practice the highest standards of conduct and professionalism in any interactions with stakeholders including customers, creditors, stockholders, suppliers and other employees. 
10