ITEM 1.

BUSINESS.
Overview 
We are a biopharmaceutical company developing and commercializing novel therapies for diseases with unmet need, with a focus on cardiovascular indications. Our portfolio of assets is based on 
strong
 biologic rationale or validated mechanisms and offers the potential for differentiation. 
ARCALYST
 is an interleukin-1α (“IL-1α”) and interleukin-1β (“IL-1β”) cytokine trap. In 2017, we licensed ARCALYST from Regeneron, which discovered and initially developed the drug. Our exclusive license to ARCALYST from Regeneron includes worldwide rights, excluding the Middle East and North Africa, for all applications other than those in oncology and local administration to the eye or ear. 
We received FDA approval of ARCALYST for the treatment of recurrent pericarditis and reduction in risk of recurrence in adults and children 12 years and older in March 2021. Recurrent pericarditis is a painful inflammatory cardiovascular disease with an estimated United States prevalent population of approximately 40,000 patients seeking and receiving medical treatment. ARCALYST is also approved in the United States for the treatment of Cryopyrin-Associated Periodic Syndromes (“CAPS”), including Familial Cold Autoinflammatory Syndrome (“FCAS”) and Muckle-Wells Syndrome in adults and children 12 years and older, and the maintenance of remission in Deficiency of Interleukin-1 Receptor Antagonist (“DIRA”) in adults and children weighing 10 kg or more. 
ARCALYST is commercially available across the United States through a select network of specialty pharmacies. We are responsible for sales and distribution of ARCALYST in all approved indications in the United States and evenly split profits on sales as well as third party proceeds with Regeneron. In 2022, we granted Hangzhou Zhongmei Huadong Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Huadong”) exclusive rights to develop and commercialize ARCALYST in the Huadong Territory (as defined below). In 2023, Regeneron initiated a technology transfer of the manufacturing process for ARCALYST drug substance, and we are working to qualify Samsung as our replacement CDMO.

KPL-387
 is an investigational, fully human immunoglobulin G2 monoclonal antibody that binds human interleukin-1 receptor 1 (“IL-1R1”), inhibiting IL-1α- and IL-1β-mediated signaling. KPL-387 is an independently developed asset that we believe has the potential to further advance recurrent pericarditis treatment options for patients by providing the added convenience of monthly subcutaneous dosing with a liquid formulation. 
In June 2024, we initiated a Phase 1 clinical trial of KPL-387 in normal healthy volunteers. In February 2025, we announced our plan to initiate a Phase 2/3 clinical trial of KPL-387 in recurrent pericarditis in mid-2025. We expect data from the Phase 2 portion of the trial in the second half of 2026.
KPL-1161
 is an independently developed, pre-clinical, Fc-modified immunoglobulin G2 monoclonal antibody that binds IL-1R1, inhibiting IL-1α- and IL-1β-mediated signaling. KPL-1161 is a modified version of KPL-387 designed to have an increased drug half-life that we believe could support quarterly subcutaneous dosing.
Abiprubart 
is an investigational monoclonal antibody inhibitor of CD40-CD154 costimulatory interaction, which we believe to be an attractive approach to address multiple autoimmune disease pathologies. We hold an exclusive worldwide license to abiprubart from 
Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center, Inc. (“BIDMC”)
. 
We previously announced a Phase 2b clinical trial of abiprubart in Sjögren’s Disease. In February 2025, we announced our plans to discontinue development of abiprubart in the indication and explore strategic alternatives for the asset. 
Mavrilimumab
 is an investigational monoclonal antibody inhibitor targeting granulocyte-macrophage colony stimulating factor receptor alpha (“GM-CSFRα”). In 2017, we licensed exclusive worldwide rights in all indications to mavrilimumab from MedImmune, Limited, which has since been acquired by AstraZeneca PLC (“MedImmune”). In February 2025, we announced our termination of our license agreement from MedImmune for convenience, effective in May 2025. In addition, in February 2025, we provided written notice to Huadong that Huadong has not conducted material development activity with respect to mavrilimumab in the People’s Republic of China for a continuous period in excess of six months as required under the mavrilimumab Huadong Collaboration Agreement (as defined below). 
7

Table of Contents
Unless Huadong conducts material development activity within 60 days of the notice, the mavrilimumab Huadong Collaboration Agreement will terminate in April 2025.
The following table summarizes our current products, product candidates and out-licensing arrangements: 
(1)
Approved in the United States; ARCALYST is also approved in the United States for CAPS and DIRA; 
​
(2)
The FDA granted Breakthrough Therapy designation to ARCALYST for recurrent pericarditis in 2019; the FDA granted Orphan Drug exclusivity to ARCALYST in March 2021 for the treatment of recurrent pericarditis and reduction in risk of recurrence in adults and pediatric patients 12 years and older. The European Commission granted Orphan Drug designation to ARCALYST for the treatment of idiopathic pericarditis in 2021; and
​
(3)
Kiniksa has worldwide rights, excluding the Middle East and North Africa; Kiniksa granted Huadong exclusive rights in the Asia Pacific Region, excluding Japan.
Using a data-centric approach, our team considers a wide variety of metrics to drive informed capital allocation strategies and generate value from this pipeline, including by analyzing potential additional indications for our products and product candidates, being opportunistic in our business development activities to in-license or acquire programs, considering appropriate opportunities to partner or out-license our programs and conducting internal research to discover and develop molecules to expand our portfolio.
Our Strategy
The core of our strategy is the identification, development and commercialization of therapeutic medicines for patients suffering from debilitating cardiovascular diseases with significant unmet medical need. We put patients first and live by our motto: Every Second Counts™.
​
Critical components of our business strategy include the following:
●
Commercialize ARCALYST
. We have invested in a talented and specialized cardiology sales team, complemented by a successful marketing strategy, to effectively reach patients and prescribers. By expanding awareness and building the market for ARCALYST, we expect to increase disease awareness, secure patient access, and support our patients throughout their therapy.
●
Advance Our Product Candidates Through the Development Process
. Using a data-driven approach, we evaluate development opportunities, possible indications and other factors to advance our portfolio of assets. We believe that each of our product candidates holds the potential to offer differentiated therapy to patients, and we aim to unlock that potential through innovative research and development.
8

Table of Contents
●
Explore Opportunities to Drive Value and Maximize the Potential of Our Existing Portfolio. 
We have and may in the future seek collaborations, licenses and other strategic relationships to assist in advancing and expanding our current programs, as appropriate. In addition, strategic out-licensing transactions may be used as a source of non-dilutive capital to support our commercial and clinical activities.
●
Work to Identify, Discover, Acquire and Develop New Therapies. 
We evaluate a variety of factors for potential product candidates, technologies and discovery targets, including biologic rationale for addressing the disease, potential for regulatory approval, commercial viability, intellectual property position, prospects for favorable pricing and reimbursement and the impact of competition. We also look at assets that could potentially address multiple indications. We intend to continue to be opportunistic in our business development activities.
Our Products
ARCALYST
Overview
ARCALYST is an IL-1α and IL-1β cytokine trap. ARCALYST is currently approved in the United States for the treatment of recurrent pericarditis and reduction in risk of recurrence in adults and children 12 years and older, the treatment of CAPS, including FCAS and Muckle-Wells Syndrome in adults and children 12 years and older, and the maintenance of remission in DIRA in adults and children weighing 10 kg or more. ARCALYST was sold by Regeneron in the United States for the treatment of CAPS from 2008 and the maintenance of remission in DIRA from 2020 until we assumed responsibility for sales in such indications in March 2021.
Recurrent pericarditis is the primary indication for which we are commercializing ARCALYST. It is a severe, debilitating, and chronic autoinflammatory cardiovascular disease with an estimated United States prevalent population of approximately 40,000 patients seeking and receiving medical treatment. We received Breakthrough Therapy designation from the FDA for ARCALYST for the treatment of recurrent pericarditis in 2019
, Orphan Drug designation from the FDA for ARCALYST for the treatment of pericarditis, which includes the treatment of recurrent pericarditis, in 2020
 and FDA approval of ARCALYST for the treatment of recurrent pericarditis and reduction in risk of recurrence in adults and children 12 years and older in March 2021. Additionally, in 2021, the European Commission granted Orphan Drug designation to ARCALYST for the treatment of idiopathic pericarditis.
In 2022, we granted Huadong exclusive rights to develop and commercialize ARCALYST in the Asia Pacific region, excluding Japan. 
Mechanism of Action
ARCALYST is an inhibitor of IL-1α and IL-1β cytokines. Cytokines are small proteins that play important roles in intercellular signaling, and IL-1α and IL-1β have been demonstrated to play a key role in inflammatory diseases. IL-1α and IL-1β provoke potent, proinflammatory events by engaging the IL-1α and IL-1β receptor. Following tissue insult, the release of IL-1α acts as the primary initiating signal to coordinate the mobilization of immune cells to the damaged area, while IL-1β is secreted mostly by macrophages and is a prototypical cytokine of the canonical NLRP-3 inflammasome. IL-1α and IL-1β signaling results in a dramatic increase in the production of cytokines that orchestrate the proliferation and recruitment of phagocytes to the site of damage, resulting in inflammation. Moreover, IL-1α and IL-1β signaling also affects other immune system cells, such as T-cells and B-cells.
IL-1β’s role in the inflammation process has been extensively studied, while, in comparison, much is still unknown about the independent function of IL-1α in disease pathology. Despite driving similar immunological outcomes, IL-1α and IL-1β differ substantially in their expression and regulation, and non-redundant roles for IL-1α or IL-1β have been demonstrated in multiple inflammatory diseases. There are disease states in which IL-1β inhibition alone does not appear to be sufficient for disease remission in the absence of IL-1α inhibition. Published studies suggest certain autoinflammatory diseases may, in fact, be pathologically driven primarily by IL-1α.
9

Table of Contents
We believe that inhibiting both IL-1α and IL-1β signaling is important for treating recurrent pericarditis. In a published case study, a participant with a refractory form of recurrent pericarditis, who was well controlled on anakinra, was switched from anakinra to canakinumab, which inhibits only IL-1β, for tolerability reasons. The participant’s disease returned despite further dose escalation of canakinumab. When the participant was switched back to anakinra, which inhibits ILα and ILβ, the disease promptly went back into remission. These data, together with clinical data from our pivotal Phase 3 clinical trial of ARCALYST, indicate that IL-1α and IL-1β play unique roles in recurrent pericarditis and other autoinflammatory diseases in which the pathology may be driven primarily by IL-1α. Other literature published after the June 2022 completion of RHAPSODY corroborated these findings in larger populations of participants. 
Beyond recurrent pericarditis, we believe there is potential for ARCALYST to address additional indications driven by IL-1α or IL-1β. We are currently engaged in a collaborative study agreement to explore ARCALYST as a treatment for cardiac sarcoidosis and are exploring strategic opportunities for further development. In particular, we believe ARCALYST may be advantageous in acute indications that may benefit from a weekly subcutaneous therapy with a proven method of action. 
Background and Market Opportunity for Recurrent Pericarditis
Pericarditis is the most common disorder involving the pericardium, the two-layered sac that surrounds the heart. Pericarditis is an inflammation of this sac and is typically characterized by significant chest pain, shortness of breath, coughing and fatigue and is often misconstrued by patients as a heart attack. In addition, typical signs of pericarditis include pericardial friction rub, electrocardiogram changes or pericardial effusion, which is a buildup of fluid around the heart. Pericarditis is described as recurrent if, following an initial occurrence of pericarditis, it recurs after a symptom-free period of about four to six weeks. Pericarditis is considered chronic if symptoms of any one episode last longer than three months, typically causing significant pain and frustration. If pericarditis is left untreated, patients can develop thickening and scarring of the pericardium, potentially requiring invasive surgical stripping. Pericardial effusion, if large enough, can compress the heart extrinsically, requiring emergent drainage.
In March 2021, we received FDA approval to market ARCALYST for the treatment of recurrent pericarditis and reduction in risk of recurrence in adults and children 12 years of age and older. Claims analysis, cross validated with published estimates, support a prevalent population of patients with recurrent pericarditis seeking and receiving medical treatment to be approximately 40,000 patients in the United States per year. Our commercialization efforts are focused initially on the approximately 14,000 patients in the United States who suffer from persistent underlying disease, multiple recurrences and an inadequate response to conventional therapy. Outside of our core target patient population, there are approximately 26,000 additional patients who are experiencing their first recurrence of the disease. We have seen that, as we expand awareness about the disease and our therapy, healthcare professionals look to prescribe ARCALYST earlier in the disease’s natural history. We expect that continuing to execute on this strategy will enable us to target this additional patient population more fully.
Current Treatment Landscape for Recurrent Pericarditis
ARCALYST, a weekly, subcutaneously injected, recombinant fusion protein that blocks IL-1α and IL-1β signaling, is the first and only FDA-approved therapy for recurrent pericarditis. A patient’s initial acute episode of pericarditis is typically treated with NSAIDs or colchicine. Prior to ARCALYST’s approval, episodes of recurrent pericarditis would usually have been treated in a similar manner or by adding long-term systemic corticosteroids. Both colchicine and corticosteroids often have adverse effects when used at high doses or for extended periods of time. Colchicine’s adverse effects include gastrointestinal distress and neutropenia. Adverse events that may be caused by corticosteroids include glaucoma, fluid retention, hypertension, mood changes, memory changes, other psychological effects, weight gain and diabetes. Since our commercial launch of ARCALYST, we have seen a shift in the treatment paradigm, with healthcare professionals prescribing ARCALYST’s targeted immunomodulation before using corticosteroids. For these reasons, we believe that ARCALYST plays an important role in the effective treatment of recurrent pericarditis as a steroid-sparing therapy.
10

Table of Contents
Clinical Trials
In June 2020, we reported results from RHAPSODY, our global, double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized-withdrawal design, pivotal Phase 3 clinical trial of ARCALYST in subjects with recurrent pericarditis. RHAPSODY met its prespecified primary and all major secondary efficacy endpoints with statistical significance. 
Median [95% confidence interval (“CI”)] time to pericarditis recurrence for ARCALYST 
recipients
 in the randomized withdrawal period could not be estimated due to the low number of recurrences in the ARCALYST treatment arm. The median time-to-recurrence for placebo 
recipients
 was 8.6 [4.0-11.7] weeks (Hazard Ratio = 0.04, p<0.0001). ARCALYST 
recipients
 experienced a 96% reduction in risk of recurrent pericarditis events. 81% of ARCALYST 
recipients
 maintained clinical response at 
Week
 16 of the randomized withdrawal period, compared to 20% of placebo 
recipients
 (p=0.0002). Consistent results were observed at 
Week
 8 and 
Week
 24 and were also highly statistically significant (p<0.0001 and p=0.0022, respectively). The proportion of ARCALYST 
recipients
 with absent or minimal pericarditis symptoms at 
Week
 16 of the randomized withdrawal period was 81% compared to 25% for placebo 
recipients
 (p=0.0006). 
Consistent
 results were observed at 
Week
 8 and 
Week
 24 and were also highly statistically significant (p<0.0001 and p=0.0002, respectively). 
The percentage of trial days in which participants reported none/minimal pericarditis pain (NRS≤2) at Week 16 of the randomized withdrawal period (a secondary efficacy endpoint of the study) was 92% for ARCALYST recipients compared to 40% for placebo recipients (p<0.0001). Finally, the time to treatment response (NRS≤2 and CRP≤0.5 mg/dL for ARCALYST recipients was 5.0 [95% CI: 4-7] days. Median time to ARCALYST monotherapy was 7.9 [95% CI: 7.0-8.1] weeks. 
We believe these data show 
that ARCALYST demonstrates clinically meaningful outcomes associated with unmet medical need in recurrent pericarditis.
In November 2022, data from the long-term extension (“LTE”) portion of the RHAPSODY trial were presented, which demonstrated continued ARCALYST treatment beyond 18 months resulted in continued treatment response. The median [maximum at end of LTE] duration of continuous ARCALYST therapy for all participants in RHAPSODY was 23 [35] months; the median [maximum at end of LTE] duration of continuous ARCALYST therapy was 18 months [27] months for United States participants (n=45) and 29 [35] months for non-United States participants (n=29). The annualized incidence of pericarditis recurrences while on therapy for all participants (n=74) during the first 18 months of the LTE portion of the trial was 0.04 events per participant-year (compared to 4.4 events per participant-year prior to study entry), none of which were associated with an elevation in C-Reactive Protein (CRP). Participants (n = 52) were given the option at 18 months from their most recent pericarditis recurrence to continue or suspend ARCALYST treatment for observation. There were 33 participants who elected to continue ARCALYST treatment, and the only recurrence in this group was associated with a treatment interruption of 4 weeks. Of the participants who suspended treatment at 18 months (n=8), 75% (n=6) experienced pericarditis recurrences, all of which were associated with an elevation in CRP. The median (interquartile range) time-to-event was 11.8 (3.7, Not-Estimable) weeks. The 98% reduction in risk of recurrent pericarditis events in participants who continued ARCALYST treatment beyond 18 months (Hazard Ratio = 0.02, p<0.0001) was consistent with the results of the randomized withdrawal period.
Commercial Strategy for ARCALYST 
Since our commercial launch of ARCALYST for the treatment of recurrent pericarditis in 2021, we have developed a focused and targeted commercial strategy. Our specialty salesforce calls on high-volume accounts and prescribers. Our salesforce is complemented by our medical affairs, payor and patient services teams who work to secure broad patient access to ARCALYST, educate communities, collaborate with patient advocacy groups and drive scientific understanding of recurrent pericarditis. Further, we have established an efficient marketing effort intended to educate and raise awareness of recurrent pericarditis among prescribers and patients and promote ARCALYST as the first and only treatment for this debilitating disease. 
Using these resources, our commercialization efforts are focused on four strategic imperatives to increase the uptake and adoption of ARCALYST as well as ensuring a positive patient experience. 
First, we are focused on increasing awareness of the disease and its impact on patients’ lives. We believe disease awareness is essential to enable physicians to diagnose recurrent pericarditis earlier in its disease course and to treat the underlying disease, rather than to episodically manage individual flares. Our sales 
and marketing teams 
work to educate patients and prescribers about the signs, symptoms, duration and treatment of the disease, and the impact that 
11

Table of Contents
recurrent pericarditis has on patients’ lives. We have further partnered with each of NHL Hall-of-Famer Henrik Lundqvist and GRAMMY® Award-Winning Singer-Songwriter Carly Pearce as part of our Life DisRPted™ Campaign to drive awareness of recurrent pericarditis. 
Second, we aim to secure broad patient access at a price that reflects ARCALYST’s value as the first and only FDA-approved therapy for recurrent pericarditis. Helping to ensure affordability and access to treatment by patients is one of our core principles. To this end, we offer a suite of programs to support affordability for eligible patients who are prescribed ARCALYST. 
Third, we have built a robust patient support program to optimize patient experiences with ARCALYST and Kiniksa. 
O
ur Kiniksa OneConnect™ program offer
s
 personalized treatment support for eligible patients prescribed ARCALYST. This program is designed to ensure patients have a positive experience from initiating ARCALYST therapy through the end of their treatment.
Fourth, we are working to improve the patient journey for those suffering from recurrent pericarditis. For example, in 2024 we announced our sponsorship of the American Heart Association’s 
Addressing Recurrent Pericarditis
 initiative. This initiative is designed to facilitate knowledge-sharing across a collaborative network of healthcare providers around the United States and streamline patient access to expert care. The participating healthcare sites offer patients dedicated, expert care and aim to shorten patients’ journeys to diagnoses. 
Our Product Candidates
KPL-387
Overview
KPL-387 is an investigational, fully human immunoglobulin G2 monoclonal antibody that binds IL1-R1, inhibiting the signaling of both IL-1α and IL-1β cytokines. KPL-387 is an independently developed asset that we believe has the potential to further advance recurrent pericarditis treatment options for patients with the potential to add the convenience of monthly subcutaneous dosing with a liquid formulation. In June 2024, we initiated a Phase 1 clinical trial of KPL-387 in normal healthy volunteers and data from such study suggests that KPL-387 holds the potential for monthly subcutaneous dosing. In February 2025, we announced our plan to initiate a Phase 2/3 clinical trial of KPL-387 in recurrent pericarditis in mid-2025. We expect data from the Phase 2 portion of the trial in the second half of 2026.
Mechanism of Action
KPL-387 binds IL-1R1, inhibiting the signaling of IL-1α and IL-1β cytokines. We believe there are diseases of the cardiovascular system where tissue inflammation may be driven by IL-1α and/or IL-1β, and we intend to consider development of KPL-387 in these indications and in others where we believe IL-1α and/or IL-1β plays a key role in disease pathophysiology.
Our Solution
We are developing KPL-387 for the treatment of recurrent pericarditis. We believe its formulation offers the potential opportunity for convenient delivery in a prefilled syringe or autoinjector once a month.
Preclinical Development and Clinical Trials
Preclinical Development
In vitro 
studies with KPL-387 demonstrated its ability to potently inhibit IL-6 production from peripheral blood mononuclear cells when stimulated with either Il-1α or IL-1β. 
In vivo 
pharmacokinetic studies of KPL-387 in non-human primates demonstrated good pharmacokinetic properties. We believe that these pharmacokinetic data, combined 
12

Table of Contents
with the potent inhibition of IL-1 signaling that we observed 
in vitro
, suggest that this therapeutic effect could be achieved with monthly subcutaneous administration in future clinical studies. 
Phase 1 Clinical Trial
In June 2024, we initiated a Phase 1 clinical trial of KPL-387 in healthy volunteers. Topline data from the trial have shown that a single subcutaneous dose of KPL-387 maintained levels in circulation sufficient to support our belief that KPL-387 could offer the potential for monthly subcutaneous dosing in recurrent pericarditis, a chronic disease that can last for years. We aim to further explore this hypothesis during Phase 2 development. 
Phase 2 Clinical Trial
In February 2025, we announced our plan to initiate a Phase 2/3 clinical trial of KPL-387 in recurrent pericarditis in mid-2025. We expect data from the Phase 2 portion of the trial in the second half of 2026. 
KPL-1161
KPL-1161 is an independently developed, pre-clinical, Fc-modified immunoglobulin G2 monoclonal antibody that binds IL-1R1, inhibiting IL-1α- and IL-1β-mediated signaling. KPL-1161 is a modified version of KPL-387 designed to have an increased drug half-life that we believe could support quarterly subcutaneous dosing. We are currently conducting pre-clinical development of this asset.
Abiprubart
Abiprubart is an investigational monoclonal antibody inhibitor of CD40-CD154 costimulatory interaction. We previously announced a Phase 2b clinical trial of abiprubart in Sjögren’s Disease. In February 2025, we announced our plans to discontinue development of abiprubart in the indication and explore strategic alternatives for the asset. We previously conducted a proof-of-concept Phase 2 clinical trial of abiprubart in RA. We believe that disrupting the CD40-CD154 co-stimulatory interaction is an attractive approach to addressing multiple autoimmune disease pathologies. We also believe that abiprubart’s ability to be administered in a high-concentration subcutaneous formulation that enables monthly dosing potentially distinguishes it from other competitors.
In July 2024, we commenced a Phase 2b clinical trial of abiprubart in Sjögren’s Disease. In February 2025, as part of our strategic reprioritization of our portfolio and certain capital allocation considerations, we announced our plans to discontinue our Phase 2b clinical trial of abiprubart in Sjögren’s Disease. We expect to immediately end clinical trial enrollment and initiate winddown activities. 
Mavrilimumab
Mavrilimumab is a fully-human monoclonal antibody that is designed to antagonize GM-CSF signaling by binding to the alpha subunit of the GM-CSF receptor.  In February 2025, we delivered a notice of termination to MedImmune, notifying them of our intent to terminate for convenience the MedImmune Agreement (as defined below) effective May 22, 2025.
In 2022, we granted Huadong exclusive rights to develop and commercialize mavrilimumab in the Asia Pacific region, excluding Japan. In February 2025, we provided written notice to Huadong that Huadong has not conducted material development activity with respect to mavrilimumab in the People’s Republic of China for a continuous period in excess of six months as required under the mavrilimumab Huadong Collaboration Agreement. Unless Huadong conducts material development activity within 60 days of the notice, the mavrilimumab Huadong Collaboration Agreement will terminate in April 2025.
13

Table of Contents
Discovery Activities
We conduct internal discovery activities directed toward wholly owned molecules for the treatment of debilitating disease targets where we believe there to be a strong mechanistic rationale and potential for clear differentiation from existing approved agents or those in development.
Manufacturing
We do not currently own or operate any late-stage manufacturing facilities. Although we have built a development and manufacturing facility to produce drug substance to support certain research, preclinical and other clinical development for our product candidates, we rely, and expect to continue to rely, on third parties for the manufacture of our late-stage product candidates and certain of our early-stage product candidates for the majority of our clinical development efforts, as well as for the commercial manufacture of ARCALYST and our future products. Regeneron currently manufactures and supplies all of our requirements of ARCALYST for development and commercial activities pursuant to the Supply Agreement (as defined below). The Supply Agreement terminates upon the sooner of the termination of the Regeneron Agreement and the date of the completion of the transfer of technology related to the manufacture of ARCALYST drug substance. Regeneron, in turn, relies upon a third party CDMO to conduct fill/finish operations for ARCALYST. We are currently conducting a transfer of technology related to the manufacturing process of ARCALYST drug substance and the analytical testing methods of ARCALYST drug substance and drug product. As part of this process, we are working with Samsung, who will serve as the new manufacturer of ARCALYST drug substance and CTLs who will serve as the new analytical testing labs of ARCALYST drug substance and drug product. See, 
Risk Factors – Risks Related to Manufacturing and Our Reliance on Third Parties – We are conducting a technology transfer with respect to the manufacturing process of ARCALYST drug substance from Regeneron to Samsung and the analytical testing methods of ARCALYST drug substance and drug product to new CTLs. Such technology transfer will be subject to significant risks and uncertainties.
”
We also have engaged CDMOs to produce our clinical product candidates. We intend to use such CDMOs for development and scale-up work for any future clinical trials and eventual commercialization of such product candidates, if approved. 
We require our CDMOs to conduct manufacturing activities in compliance with current good manufacturing practice or similar foreign requirements (“cGMP”). We have assembled a team of experienced employees and consultants to provide the necessary technical, quality and regulatory oversight of our CDMOs. We currently perform most process development internally but are reliant on CDMOs for late-stage clinical manufacturing, process qualification and validation and commercial supply. We anticipate that the CDMOs currently manufacturing our product candidates will have the capacity to support both future clinical supply and commercial-scale production, but we do not have any formal agreements at this time with any of such CDMOs to cover commercial production. We also may elect to pursue additional CDMOs for manufacturing supplies of drug substance and finished drug product in the future.
Our reliance on third parties to manufacture certain of our products and product candidates exposes us to risks, and any technology transfer of the manufacturing process for our products or product candidates may be subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, see “
Risk Factors – Risks Related to Manufacturing and Our Reliance on Third Parties.
”
Commercial Operations
Our commercial team combines dozens of years of pharmaceutical commercial leadership experience with a passion for helping patients with significant unmet medical need. Since March 2021, we have marketed ARCALYST, our only commercial product, in the United States for recurrent pericarditis and have established our own specialty salesforce to expand our commercialization efforts nationwide. Our salesforce is complemented by our medical affairs, payor and patient services teams. In 2024, we launched a number of initiatives intended to increase disease awareness of recurrent pericarditis, including sponsoring the American Heart Association’s 
Addressing Recurrent Pericarditis
 initiative and launching our Life DisRPted campaign. For more information, see “
Business—Our Products—ARCALYST – Commercial Strategy for ARCALYST
.”
14

Table of Contents
Competition 
The biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries are characterized by rapidly advancing technologies, intense competition and a strong emphasis on proprietary products. We face potential competition from many different sources, including pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, academic institutions and governmental agencies and public and private research institutions. Our products and any product candidates that we successfully develop and commercialize may compete with existing products and new products that may become available in the future.
We believe the key competitive factors affecting the success of ARCALYST and any product candidates that we successfully develop and commercialize, are their efficacy, safety, convenience, price, the effectiveness of companion diagnostics in guiding the use of related products, market acceptance by prescribers and patients, the level of biosimilar competition and the availability of reimbursement from government and other third party payors. Our commercial opportunities could be reduced or eliminated if our competitors develop and commercialize products that are more effective, have fewer or less severe side effects, are more convenient (including method of delivery and administration by the patient) or are less expensive than our products. Our competitors also may obtain FDA or other regulatory approval for their products more rapidly than we may obtain approval for ours. In addition, if a competitor obtains regulatory approval for an orphan drug before us, and we are developing a product candidate for the same orphan indication, subject to applicable jurisdictional laws, Orphan Drug exclusivity may no longer be available for our product candidate, if approved, unless we can show a significant benefit over the already approved orphan drug. Moreover, where we and a competitor are developing the same or similar drug for the same orphan indication, and the competitor is first to obtain regulatory approval and is granted orphan exclusivity, subject to applicable jurisdictional laws, we may be denied regulatory approval of our product candidate for such orphan indication for the duration of the competitor’s Orphan Drug exclusivity period. This may allow a competitor to gain a market advantage ahead of any potential commercialization of one of our product candidates, if approved. In addition, our ability to compete may be affected in many cases by insurers or other third party payors seeking to encourage the use of biosimilar products. See “
Risk Factors—Risks Related to Competition, Executing our Strategy and Managing Growth—We face substantial competition, which may result in others discovering, developing or commercializing drugs before or more successfully than we do.
”
We are aware of the following products currently marketed or in clinical development for the treatment of the diseases that we are targeting or may plan to target:
ARCALYST
Recurrent Pericarditis
: We are not aware of any FDA-approved therapies for recurrent pericarditis, but we are aware of three competitors developing treatments for this indication. CardiolRx is an oral cannabidiol being developed by Cardiol Therapeutics in a Phase 2/3 setting, targeting patients who are discontinuing treatment with an IL-1 blocker. R-Pharm International is developing goflikicept, which inhibits IL-1α/IL-1β-induced signaling. This drug is approved and marketed in Russia but its Phase 2/3 United States trial has been suspended as of November 2024. Ventyx Biosciences is developing VTX2735, which is designed to inhibit the NLRP3 inflammasome, an intracellular sensor of a broad range of danger signals, that leads to the release of IL-1β and IL-18. In addition to their development program in CAPS, Ventyx Biosciences has announced their intention to initiate a Phase 2 trial of VTX2735 in recurrent pericarditis in January 2025.
Dual IL-1α and IL-1β Inhibition
: Other drugs, while not approved for the treatment of recurrent pericarditis, also inhibit IL-1α/IL-1β-induced signaling. Anakinra (KINERET), marketed by Swedish Orphan Biovitrum AB, is currently approved for use in RA, CAPS and DIRA. Lutikizumab is being developed by Abbvie for the treatment of hidradenitis suppurativa and goflikicept is currently in development for recurrent pericarditis.
IL-1β Inhibition Alone
: There are also drugs that inhibit IL-1β-induced signaling but do not inhibit IL-1α-induced signaling. Canakinumab (ILARIS), marketed by Novartis Pharmaceuticals Corporation, is currently approved for use in CAPS, Tumor Necrosis Factor Receptor Associated Periodic Syndrome (TRAPS), Hyperimmunoglobulin D 
15

Table of Contents
Syndrome (HIDS), Mevalonate Kinase Deficiency (MKD), Familial Mediterranean Fever (FMF), Adult Onsent Still’s Disease (AOSD), Systemic Juvenile Idiopathic Arthritis (SJIA) and gout flares. 
Other Competitors
. We are also aware of several other molecules that do not directly compete with our approved indications for ARCALYST but nonetheless target IL-1α and/or IL-1β directly or indirectly. Clinical stage development programs targeting IL-1α and/or IL-1β directly or indirectly via the NLRP3 inflammasome include: lutikizumab (by Abbvie for the treatment of hidradenitis suppurativa, ulcerative colitis, atopic dermatitis and Crohn’s Disease); ZYIL-1 (by Zydus Lifesciences in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis); HT-6184 (by Halia in myelodysplastic syndromes, inflammatory pain); MRT-8102 (by Monte Rosa Therapeutics, no development indications announced); OLT1177 (by Olatec Therapeutics in osteoarthritis of the knee and acute gout flares); DFV-890 (by Novartis in FCAS); Selnoflast (by Roche, no indications announced); NT-00249 (by NodThera, no indications announced); NT-0796 (by NodThera in obesity); Somalix and Inzomelid (by Roche, no indications announced); VTX-3232 (by Ventyx Bioscience in Parkinson’s); SSGJ-613 (by Sunshine Guojian Pharmaceuticals in acute gout); Natrunix (by XBIOTECH Inc in rheumatoid arthritis, axial spondylarthritis); AVTX-009 (by Avalo Therapeutics in hidradenitis suppurativa); CAN-10 (by Cantargia in healthy subjects and plaque psoriasis) and VENT-02 (by Ventus Therapeutics, no indications announced). There are also therapies that modulate IL-1α-induced signaling in preclinical and clinical development for diseases other than recurrent pericarditis from Johnson & Johnson and XBIOTECH USA, INC.
KPL-387
Since we currently expect to develop KPL-387 for the treatment of recurrent pericarditis, we believe that it will compete with the same assets as those described under “
Business—Competition—ARCALYST
”, which includes a number of drugs that target IL-1α and/or IL-1β. 
For recurrent pericarditis, there are a number of drugs in development that explore alternative dosing methods and frequencies to the once-weekly subcutaneous dosing method of ARCALYST, the only currently FDA-approved treatment. Both CardiolRx and VTX2735, in Phase 3 and 2 development by Cardiol Therapeutics and Ventyx Biosciences, respectively, are being investigated for oral administration. Goflikicept, currently marketed solely in Russia, though with prior clinical studies conducted in the United States, is dosed subcutaneously every two weeks following an initial loading dose. We expect that additional therapies offering even more convenient dosing, including those listed in the sections above, may enter the market, including therapies that offer quarterly dosing. For KPL-387 to succeed on a commercial basis, if approved, we expect that it will need to compete against such drugs by offering a more convenient dosing regimen and/or an improved risk-benefit profile than other available options. 
Abiprubart
There are various programs in clinical development antagonizing the CD40 / CD154 costimulatory pathway; however, we believe the high concentration liquid formulation of abiprubart may enable chronic subcutaneous dosing at a higher dose level than other similar drugs, which could be a key differentiator. 
Sanofi S.A./ImmuNext Inc. are developing frexalimab (anti-CD40L) for the treatment of Multiple Sclerosis, Systemic Lupus Erythematosus, Type 1 Diabetes and Focal segmental glomerulosclerosis; Biogen, Inc. and UCB S.A. are developing dapirolizumab pegol (anti-CD40L) for the treatment of moderately to severely active Systemic Lupus Erythematosus; and Eledon Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is developing AT-1501 (anti-CD40L) for use by patients undergoing kidney transplantation. Such drugs are being developed for intravenous administration only. Other programs present the potential for subcutaneous administration. Innovent Bio is developing IBI-355 (anti-CD40L, no indication announced) and H. Lundbeck A/S is developing Lu AG22515 (bi-specific, anti-CD40L & Albumin (scFv)2-Fab, no indication announced).
16

Table of Contents
License and Acquisition Agreements
Out-Licensing Agreements
Genentech Agreement
In August 2022, we entered into a license agreement (the “Genentech License Agreement”) with Genentech, Inc. and F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd. (collectively, “Genentech”), pursuant to which we granted Genentech exclusive worldwide rights to develop, manufacture and commercialize vixarelimab and related antibodies (each, a “Genentech Licensed Product”). The Genentech License Agreement became effective in September 2022 following termination of the statutory waiting period under the Hart-Scott Rodino Act.
Under the Genentech License Agreement, we received an upfront payment of $80.0 million for the license. In total, we have recognized $50.0 million in additional payments from Genentech related to delivery of certain drug material to Genentech and Genentech’s achievement of development milestones under the Genentech License Agreement. We remain eligible to receive up to approximately $570.0 million in additional contingent payments, including specified development, regulatory and sales-based milestones, before fulfilling our upstream financial obligations. We will also be eligible to receive tiered percentage royalties on a Genentech Licensed Product-by-Genentech Licensed Product basis ranging from low double digits to mid-teens on annual net sales of each Genentech Licensed Product, subject to certain customary reductions, with an aggregate minimum floor, before fulfilling our upstream financial obligations. Royalties will be payable on a Genentech Licensed Product-by-Genentech Licensed Product and country-by-country basis until the latest to occur of the expiration of certain patents that cover a Genentech Licensed Product, the expiration of regulatory exclusivity for such Genentech Licensed Product, or the tenth anniversary of first commercial sale of such Genentech Licensed Product in such country.
Pursuant and subject to the terms of the Genentech License Agreement, Genentech has the exclusive worldwide right to conduct development and commercialization activities for Genentech Licensed Products at its sole cost. In 2024, we fulfilled our responsibility under the Genentech License Agreement to complete the Phase 2b clinical trial assessing the efficacy, safety and tolerability of vixarelimab in reducing pruritis in prurigo nodularis. 
Absent early termination, the Genentech License Agreement will continue until there are no more royalty or other payment obligations owed to us. Genentech has the right to terminate the Genentech License Agreement at its discretion with prior written notice and either party may terminate the Genentech License Agreement in the event of an uncured material breach of the other party or in the case of insolvency of the other party. In addition, the Genentech License Agreement will terminate upon termination of the Biogen Agreement (as defined below).
Huadong Collaboration Agreements
In February 2022 we entered into two collaboration and license agreements (each, a “Huadong Collaboration Agreement” and together, the “Huadong Collaboration Agreements”) with Huadong, pursuant to which we granted Huadong exclusive rights to develop and commercialize ARCALYST and develop, manufacture and commercialize mavrilimumab (each, a “Huadong Licensed Product” and together, the “Huadong Licensed Products”) in the following countries: People’s Republic of China, Hong Kong SAR, Macao SAR, Taiwan Region, South Korea, Indonesia, Singapore, The Philippines, Thailand, Australia, Bangladesh, Bhutan, Brunei, Burma, Cambodia, India, Laos, Malaysia, Maldives, Mongolia, Nepal, New Zealand, Sri Lanka, and Vietnam (collectively, the “Huadong Territory”). We otherwise retained our current rights to the Huadong Licensed Products outside the Huadong Territory.
In February 2025, we provided written notice to Huadong that Huadong has not conducted material development activity with respect to mavrilimumab in the People’s Republic of China for a continuous period in excess of six months as required under the mavrilimumab Huadong Collaboration Agreement. Unless Huadong conducts material development activity within 60 days of the notice, the mavrilimumab Huadong Collaboration Agreement will terminate on April 25, 2025.
17

Table of Contents
Under the Huadong Collaboration Agreements, we received a total upfront cash payment of $22.0 million, which includes $12.0 million for the Huadong Territory license of ARCALYST and $10.0 million for the Huadong Territory license of mavrilimumab. In the fourth quarter of 2024, following the achievement of a regulatory milestone under the ARCALYST Huadong Collaboration Agreement, Huadong became obligated to make an additional cash payment of $20.0 million, which was received in the first quarter of 2025. We remain eligible to receive up to approximately $50.0 million in sales-based milestone payments for ARCALYST. Due to its termination, we do not expect to receive any future payments under the mavrilimumab Huadong Collaboration Agreement. Huadong will also be obligated to pay us tiered percentage royalties ranging from the low to mid-teens on annual net sales of ARCALYST in the Huadong Territory, subject to certain reductions tied to ARCALYST manufacturing costs and certain other customary reductions, with an aggregate minimum floor. Royalties will be payable for ARCALYST on a country-by-country or region-by-region basis until the later of (i) 12 years after the first commercial sale of ARCALYST in such country or region in the Huadong Territory, (ii) the date of expiration of the last valid patent claim of our patent rights or any joint collaboration patent rights that covers ARCALYST in such country or region in the Huadong Territory, and (iii) the expiration of the last regulatory exclusivity for ARCALYST in such country or region in the Huadong Territory.
Pursuant and subject to the terms of the Huadong Collaboration Agreements, Huadong has the exclusive right to conduct Huadong Territory-specific development activities for ARCALYST in the Huadong Territory, the first right to support global development of ARCALYST by serving as the sponsor of the global clinical trials conducted in the Huadong Territory and the exclusive right to commercialize ARCALYST in the Huadong Territory. Huadong will be responsible for all costs of development activities and commercialization in the Huadong Territory. We and Huadong participate in a joint steering committee, which coordinates and oversees the exploitation of ARCALYST in the Huadong Territory.
We will supply certain materials to support development and commercialization activities for ARCALYST. 
Absent early termination, the ARCALYST Huadong Collaboration Agreement will continue on a country-by-country or region-by-region basis until there are no more royalty payments owed to us in such country or region. Huadong has the right to terminate the ARCALYST Huadong Collaboration Agreement at its discretion upon 12 months’ notice and either party may terminate the ARCALYST Huadong Collaboration Agreement in the event of an uncured material breach of the other party or in the case of insolvency of the other party. In addition, we may terminate the ARCALYST Huadong Collaboration Agreement if Huadong or its affiliates or sublicensees challenges the scope, validity, or enforceability of our patent rights being licensed to Huadong. If Huadong and its affiliates do not conduct any material development or commercialization activities for ARCALYST in the People’s Republic of China for a continuous period of longer than six months, then, subject to certain exceptions, we may terminate the ARCALYST Huadong Collaboration Agreement with 60 days’ prior written notice. In addition, Huadong’s rights under the ARCALYST Huadong Collaboration Agreement in certain regions within the Huadong Territory may be subject to termination upon failure by Huadong to perform certain clinical, development or commercialization activities, as applicable, in such regions.
In-Licensing Agreements
License Agreement with Regeneron
In September 2017, we entered into a license agreement with Regeneron (the “Regeneron Agreement”). Pursuant to the Regeneron Agreement, we have an exclusive license under certain intellectual property rights controlled by Regeneron to develop and commercialize ARCALYST worldwide, excluding the Middle East and North Africa, for all indications other than those in oncology and local administration to the eye or ear. Upon receiving positive data in RHAPSODY, our pivotal Phase 3 clinical trial of ARCALYST, Regeneron transferred the biologics license application (“BLA”) for ARCALYST to us. In March 2021, when the FDA granted approval of ARCALYST for the treatment of recurrent pericarditis and reduction in risk of recurrence in adults and children 12 years and older, we assumed the sales and distribution of ARCALYST for CAPS and DIRA in the United States.

Under the Regeneron Agreement, we paid $32.5 million in connection with upfront fees and the achievement of regulatory milestones. We evenly split profits on sales of ARCALYST with Regeneron
, where profits are determined 
18

Table of Contents
after deducting from net sales of ARCALYST certain costs related to the manufacturing and commercialization of ARCALYST. Such costs include but are not limited to (i) our cost of goods sold for product used, sold or otherwise distributed for patient use by us; (ii) customary commercialization expenses, including the cost of our field force, and (iii) our cost to market, advertise and otherwise promote ARCALYST, with such costs identified in subsection (iii) subject to specified limits. To the extent permitted in accordance with the Regeneron Agreement, the fully-burdened costs of each of us and Regeneron incurred in performing (or having performed) the technology transfer of the manufacturing process for ARCALYST drug substance will also be deducted from net sales of ARCALYST to determine profit. We also evenly split with Regeneron any proceeds received by us from any licensees, sublicensees and distributors in consideration for the sale, license or other disposition of rights with respect to ARCALYST, including upfront payments, milestone payments and royalties.
Regeneron has a right of first negotiation over our engagement of any third party to support our promotional activities in excess of a specified level and over the assignment or sale of our rights to any product containing ARCALYST to a third party. In addition, we will need Regeneron’s prior written consent for the sublicense of certain rights to a third party, provided that such consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed with respect to the sublicensing of rights outside of the United States. Furthermore, under certain circumstances, we will need Regeneron’s prior consent to assign our rights under the Regeneron Agreement.

The Regeneron Agreement will expire on the date on which we, our affiliates or sublicensees are no longer developing or commercializing any product containing ARCALYST. We may terminate the agreement for convenience at any time with one year’s written notice. We may also terminate with three months’ written notice if we reasonably determine that ARCALYST is unsafe in the indications we are pursuing. Regeneron may terminate the agreement if there is a consecutive twelve-month period during which we do not conduct any material development or commercialization activities or we do not grant a sublicense to a third party to do so, or if we challenge Regeneron’s patent rights in any country in our territory. Either party may terminate the agreement in the event of a material breach by the other party that remains uncured for 90 days (or 30 days for payment-related breaches), or by either party due to the insolvency or bankruptcy of the other party.
We have also entered into a commercial supply agreement with Regeneron (the “Supply Agreement”), under which Regeneron agreed to manufacture product for our clinical and commercial use. The Supply Agreement terminates upon the sooner of the termination of the Regeneron Agreement and the date of the completion of the transfer of technology related to the manufacture of ARCALYST drug substance. 
License Agreement with MedImmune
In December 2017, we entered into a license agreement with MedImmune (subsequently acquired by AstraZeneca PLC) (the “MedImmune Agreement”), pursuant to which MedImmune granted us an exclusive, sublicensable, worldwide license to certain intellectual property rights to make, use, develop and commercialize mavrilimumab and any other product containing an antibody to the GM-CSF receptor alpha that is covered by certain MedImmune patent rights for all indications. We also acquired non-exclusive licenses to other MedImmune technology for use in exploiting licensed products. We also acquired reference rights to relevant manufacturing and regulatory documents, and MedImmune’s existing supply of mavrilimumab drug substance and product. We were obligated to use commercially reasonable efforts to develop and commercialize the licensed products.
In February 2025, we delivered a notice of termination to MedImmune, notifying them of our intent to terminate for convenience the MedImmune Agreement effective May 22, 2025. 
Following such termination effective date, the rights and licenses granted to us by MedImmune pursuant to the MedImmune Agreement will terminate.
Under the MedImmune Agreement, we paid a total of $23.0 million in connection with upfront fees, a pass-through payment and milestone payment related to the achievement of specified clinical milestones. 
19

Table of Contents
Biogen Asset Purchase Agreement
In September 2016, we entered into an asset purchase agreement (the “Biogen Agreement”) with Biogen MA Inc. (“Biogen”) to acquire all of Biogen’s right, title and interest in and to certain assets used in or relating to vixarelimab and other antibodies covered by certain patent rights, including patents and other intellectual property rights, clinical data, certain contracts, know-how and clinical drug supply (the “Acquired Biogen Assets”). In addition, Biogen granted us a non-exclusive, sublicensable, worldwide license to certain background patent rights related to the vixarelimab program. Under the Biogen Agreement, we are obligated to use commercially reasonable efforts to develop and commercialize the Acquired Biogen Assets.
Under the Biogen Agreement, we paid a total of $26.3 million in connection with upfront fees, a technology transfer payment and certain specified milestone payments. We are obligated to make additional milestone payments for each antibody product that includes the Acquired Biogen Assets (each, a “Biogen Antibody Product” and, together, “Biogen Antibody Products”), of up to $315.0 million in the aggregate upon the achievement of specified milestones. These milestone payments relate to multiple indications for a Biogen Antibody Product and are comprised of up to $165.0 million in the aggregate upon achievement of specified clinical and regulatory milestone events and $150.0 million in the aggregate upon the achievement of specified annual net sales milestones. Commencing on the first commercial sale of a Biogen Antibody Product, we are obligated to pay tiered royalties on escalating tiers of annual net sales of licensed products starting in the high single-digit percentages and ending below the teens. We must pay such royalties on a Biogen Antibody Product-by-Biogen Antibody Product and country-by-country basis until the latest to occur of the expiration of patents that cover a Biogen Antibody Product, the expiration of regulatory exclusivity or the tenth anniversary of first commercial sale of such product in such country. We have also agreed to pay certain obligations under third party contracts retained by Biogen that relate to vixarelimab.
Under the Biogen Agreement, Biogen has a time-limited right of first negotiation to purchase the assets we acquired from Biogen or obtain a license to exploit Biogen Antibody Products, in each case, in the event we decide to sell the Acquired Biogen Assets, including through the sale of our company, or out-license the rights to the Biogen Antibody Products. Biogen waived such right in connection with the Genentech License Agreement.
The Biogen Agreement will terminate upon the expiration of all payment obligations in all countries related to the last Biogen Antibody Product subject to the Biogen Agreement. The Biogen Agreement may be terminated by us with 90 days’ prior notice, by either party in the event of a material breach by the other party that remains uncured for 90 days (or 30 days for payment-related breaches) or by both parties upon mutual consent. In the event of a termination, the Acquired Biogen Assets, including certain licenses and rights related thereto, will revert to Biogen, and, upon written request by Biogen, we are required to grant to Biogen an exclusive, worldwide, sub-licensable license to certain of our intellectual property related to the Acquired Biogen Assets, including know-how and patent rights.
In July 2017, we and Biogen entered into Amendment No. 1 to the Biogen Agreement, which clarified the scope of the antibodies subject to the Biogen Agreement.
In August 2022, we entered into Amendment No. 2 to the Biogen Agreement (the “Second Biogen Amendment”). Pursuant to the terms of the Second Biogen Amendment, commencing on the effective date of the Genentech License Agreement, certain defined terms in the Biogen Agreement were amended, including “Net Sales”, “Indication”, “Product”, “Combination Product” and “Valid Claim”. In addition, the tiered royalty rates to be paid by us to Biogen increased by an amount equal to less than one percent.
Upon the termination or expiration of the Genentech License Agreement, the amendments to the terms of the Biogen Agreement, as set forth in the Second Biogen Amendment, will terminate and all terms of the Biogen Agreement will revert to the version of such terms in effect as of immediately prior to the effective date of the Genentech License Agreement.
20

Table of Contents
Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center License Agreement
In 2019, we acquired all of the outstanding securities of Primatope Therapeutics, Inc. (“Primatope”), the company that owned or controlled the intellectual property related to abiprubart. In connection with our acquisition of Primatope, we acquired the rights to an exclusive license to certain intellectual property rights controlled by BIDMC to make, use, develop and commercialize abiprubart under the BIDMC license agreement (the “BIDMC Agreement”). Under the BIDMC Agreement, we are solely responsible for all development, regulatory and commercial activities and costs. We are also responsible for costs related to filing, prosecuting and maintaining the licensed patent rights. Under the BIDMC Agreement, we are obligated to pay an insignificant annual maintenance fee as well as future clinical and regulatory milestone payments of up to an aggregate of $1.2 million to BIDMC. We are also obligated to pay a low single-digit royalty on annual net sales of products licensed under the agreement, if approved.
Intellectual Property 
Our success depends in part on our ability to obtain and maintain proprietary protection for our drug candidates, manufacturing and process discoveries, and other know-how, to operate without infringing the proprietary rights of others, and to prevent others from infringing our proprietary rights. We plan to protect our proprietary position using a variety of methods, which include pursuing United States and foreign patent applications related to our proprietary technology, inventions and improvements, which can include compositions of matter, drug product formulations, methods of use and methods of manufacture. We also rely on trade secrets, know-how, continuing technological innovation and potential in-licensing opportunities to develop and maintain our proprietary position.
ARCALYST
We have a field-specific exclusive license under the Regeneron Agreement to granted patents and pending applications in the United States and numerous other jurisdictions relating to ARCALYST. As of December 31, 2024, the patent rights in-licensed under the Regeneron Agreement relating to our program include three granted patents in the United States and a patent granted in Japan. In addition, the patent rights in-licensed under the Regeneron Agreement relating to our program include patent applications that are pending in the United States, Canada, Europe and selected countries in Asia. A United States patent covering ARCALYST as a composition of matter expired in 2020, and relevant composition of matter patents issued outside of the United States expired in 2023. Four patents covering methods of using ARCALYST in the treatment of recurrent pericarditis have issued in the United States and have a statutory term that expires in 2038, not including any patent term adjustment. In March 2021, the FDA granted approval for ARCALYST for the treatment of recurrent pericarditis and reduction in risk of recurrence in adults and children 12 years of age and older, which granted us seven years of marketing exclusivity in the United States. See “
Business
—
In-Licensing Agreements – License Agreement with Regeneron
” above for additional information on our rights under the Regeneron Agreement.
KPL-387
We own pending patent applications relating to KPL-387, which cover formulations and methods of manufacturing KPL-387. If issued, such patents will have statutory expiration dates in 2045, not including any patent term extensions or adjustments. We also own a pending patent application covering methods of using KPL-387 in the treatment of recurrent pericarditis. If issued, patents covering methods of using KPL-387 in treating recurrent pericarditis will have statutory expiration dates in 2046, not including any patent term extensions or adjustments. If we are successful in obtaining regulatory approval of KPL-387 for the treatment of recurrent pericarditis, we also expect to rely on data exclusivity and orphan

exclusivity to protect our market position. For example, in the United States, a new biologic product receives 12 years of data exclusivity upon receiving regulatory approval. In the EU, a new product generally receives eight years of data exclusivity and an additional two years of market exclusivity upon regulatory approval. See “
Business
 –
Government Regulation - Biosimilars and Exclusivity; Government Regulation - Orphan Drug Designation; Government Regulations - Regulatory Framework in the European Union - 
Data and Marketing Exclusivity; and 
Government Regulations - Regulatory Framework in the European Union – Orphan Medicinal Products
” below for additional information on regulatory exclusivities.
21

Table of Contents
KPL-1161
We own a pending patent application relating to KPL-1161, which covers composition of matter. If issued, patents covering the composition of matter will have statutory expiration dates in 2046, not including any patent term extensions or adjustments.
Abiprubart
We own, via our acquisition of Primatope, granted patents and pending patent applications in the United States and numerous other jurisdictions relating to abiprubart. We also have an exclusive license with BIDMC to granted patents and pending patent applications in the United States and numerous other jurisdictions relating to abiprubart. These patents and patent applications cover abiprubart as a composition of matter and its use. As of December 31, 2024, the patent rights acquired from Primatope include four patents granted in the United States and 32 patents granted in other jurisdictions, including Australia, Brazil and selected countries in Europe and Asia. In addition, the patent rights acquired from Primatope include patent applications pending in the United States, Australia, Europe, Canada, and selected countries in Asia. The issued composition of matter patents acquired from Primatope have statutory expiration dates in 2036, not including any patent term extensions or adjustments. As of December 31, 2024, the patent rights licensed from BIDMC include two patents granted in the United States and 58 patents granted in other jurisdictions, including Australia, Canada and selected countries in Europe and Asia. In addition, the patent rights licensed from BIDMC include patent applications pending in the United States, Europe and Canada. The issued composition of matter patents licensed from BIDMC have statutory expiration dates in 2032, not including any patent term extensions or adjustments. Patent term extension could extend the expiration date of one patent in the United States and patents in certain other jurisdictions, each in accordance with applicable law. 
Other Intellectual Property
In addition to the above, we maintain certain other intellectual property, including patents, trademarks and know-how, related to our pre-clinical development and broader Kiniksa brand.
There can be no assurances that patents will issue from any of our pending patent applications or that any of our existing patents may be extended. See “
Risk Factors—Risks Related to Intellectual Property—

If we are unable to adequately protect our proprietary technology or obtain and maintain patent protection for our technology and products, if the scope of the patent protection obtained is not sufficiently broad, or if the terms of our patents are insufficient to protect our product candidates for an adequate amount of time, our competitors could develop and commercialize technology and products similar or identical to ours, and our ability to successfully commercialize our technology and products may be materially impaired
.”
In the future, if and when our drug candidates receive approval by the FDA or comparable regulatory authorities in other jurisdictions (as applicable, “regulatory authorities”), provided the legal requirements are met, we expect to apply for patent term extensions on issued patents covering those drugs, depending upon the length of the clinical trials for each drug and other factors. There can be no assurance that any of our pending patent applications will issue or that we will benefit from any patent term extension or favorable adjustment to the term of any of our patents.
Government Regulation
Government authorities in the United States at the federal, state and local level and in other countries and jurisdictions, including the European Union, extensively regulate, among other things, the research, development, testing, manufacture, quality control, approval, labeling, packaging, storage, record-keeping, promotion, advertising, distribution, post-approval monitoring and reporting, marketing and export and import of drug products. The process of obtaining regulatory approvals and the subsequent compliance with applicable federal, state, local and foreign statutes and regulations requires the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources. Generally, before a new drug can be marketed, considerable data demonstrating its quality, safety and efficacy must be obtained, organized into a format specific for each regulatory authority, submitted for review and approved by the regulatory authority.
22

Table of Contents
United States Government Regulation of Biological Products
In the United States, the FDA regulates biologics under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the “FDCA”) and the Public Health Service Act (the “PHSA”) and their implementing regulations. Biologics are also subject to other federal, state and local statutes and regulations. 
The process required by the FDA before a biologic may be marketed in the United States generally involves the following:
●
Completion of extensive preclinical tests, animal studies, and toxicology, pharmacology and formulation studies in accordance with applicable regulations, including Good Laboratory Practice (“GLP”) regulations;
●
Submission to FDA of an investigational new drug application (an “IND”) which must become effective before human clinical trials may begin;
●
Approval by an independent institutional review board (an “IRB”) overseeing each clinical trial site, in each case before a trial may be initiated;
●
Performance of adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials in accordance with Good Clinical Practices (“GCPs”) and other clinical trial related regulations to evaluate the safety and efficacy of the product candidate for each proposed indication;
●
Submission to FDA of a BLA for marketing approval after completion of the required pivotal clinical trials;
●
Satisfactory completion of any FDA pre-approval inspections of the manufacturing facility or facilities where the product will be produced to assess compliance with cGMPs; and
●
FDA review and approval of the BLA.
Preclinical Studies 
Before testing any biological product candidate, including our product candidates, in humans, the product candidate must undergo rigorous preclinical testing. The preclinical development stage generally involves laboratory evaluations of the chemistry, formulation and stability of the product candidate, as well as animal trials to evaluate toxicity. The conduct of the preclinical tests must comply with federal regulations and requirements, including GLP regulations. The sponsor must submit the results of the preclinical studies as part of an IND, along with other information, including information about chemistry, manufacturing and controls (“CMC”). An IND automatically becomes effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA, unless before that time the FDA places the clinical trial on hold and the IND sponsor must resolve any outstanding issues before clinical trials can proceed. 
Clinical Trials
Clinical trials involve the administration of the investigational product to normal healthy volunteers or participants under the supervision of qualified investigators. Clinical trials must be conducted in accordance with GCPs, which include the requirement that all research subjects provide their informed consent for their participation in any clinical trial. Clinical trials also must be conducted under protocols detailing, among other things, the objectives of the clinical trial, dosing procedures, participant selection and inclusion/exclusion criteria and the parameters to be used to monitor subject safety and assess efficacy. Each protocol, and any subsequent amendments to the protocol, must be submitted to the FDA as part of the IND. Furthermore, an IRB representing each institution at which the clinical trial will be conducted must review and approve the plan for any clinical trial, including, among other things, the protocol and informed consent information to be provided to clinical trial subjects or their legal representatives, to ensure that the 
23

Table of Contents
risks to individuals participating in the clinical trials are minimized and are reasonable in relation to anticipated benefits. The IRB also must monitor the clinical trial until completed. 
Some clinical trials also include oversight by an independent group of qualified experts organized by the clinical study sponsor, commonly known as a Data Safety Monitoring Board, which may recommend continuation of a trial as planned, changes in the trial or cessation of the trial at designated check points based on access to certain data from the trial. The FDA or the sponsor may suspend or terminate a clinical trial at any time on various grounds, including a finding that the participants are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk. Similarly, an IRB can suspend or terminate approval of a clinical trial at its institution if the clinical trial is not being conducted in accordance with the IRB’s requirements or if the drug has been associated with unexpected serious harm to participants. There also are requirements governing the reporting of ongoing clinical trials and completed clinical trial results to public registries.
Human clinical trials are typically conducted in three sequential phases, which may overlap or be combined. 
●
Phase 1 clinical trials generally involve a small number of healthy participants. The primary purpose of these clinical trials is to assess the metabolism, pharmacologic action, tolerability and safety of the drug.
●
Phase 2 clinical trials involve studies in participants with the target disease or condition to determine the optimal dose and dosing schedule. At the same time, safety and further pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic information is collected, possible adverse effects and safety risks are identified, and a preliminary evaluation of efficacy is conducted.
●
Phase 3 clinical trials generally involve a larger number of participants at multiple, geographically dispersed clinical trial sites and are designed to provide the data necessary to demonstrate the effectiveness of the product candidate for its intended use, its safety in use and to establish the overall benefit/risk relationship of the product candidate and provide an adequate basis for product labeling and approval. 
Post-approval trials, sometimes referred to as Phase 4 clinical trials, may be conducted after initial marketing approval. These trials are used to gain additional experience from the treatment of participants in the intended therapeutic indication, particularly for long-term safety follow up. In certain instances, the FDA may mandate the performance of Phase 4 clinical trials as a condition of approval of a BLA.
BLA Review and Approval
Assuming successful completion of the required clinical testing, the results of the preclinical studies and clinical trials, together with detailed information relating to the product’s CMC and proposed labeling, among other things, are submitted to the FDA as part of a BLA requesting marketing approval for a product for one or more indications. To support marketing approval, the data submitted from company sponsored clinical trials or potentially other alternative sources must be sufficient in quality and quantity to establish the safety, purity and potency (or efficacy) of the investigational product to the satisfaction of the FDA. In relevant cases, the BLA must include data relevant to safety, efficacy and dosing for pediatric populations. FDA approval of a BLA must be obtained before a biologic may be marketed in the United States.
In most cases, the submission of a BLA is subject to a substantial application user fee. Within 60 days following submission of the application, the FDA reviews all BLAs submitted to ensure that they are sufficiently complete for substantive review before it accepts them for filing. The FDA may require the sponsor to provide additional information before accepting the BLA for filing. Once the BLA submission is accepted for filing, the FDA begins an in-depth substantive review. The FDA reviews a BLA to determine, among other things, whether the product is safe, pure and potent and the facility in which it is manufactured, processed, packed or held meets standards designed to assure the product’s continued safety, purity and potency. Most BLAs are reviewed within ten months from the filing date or six months from the 60-day filing date for BLAs with priority review, subject in each case to extensions by the FDA.
Before approving a BLA, the FDA will typically conduct a pre-approval inspection of the manufacturing facilities for the new product to determine whether the manufacturing processes and facilities comply with cGMPs and 
24

Table of Contents
are adequate to ensure consistent product production within required specifications. The FDA also may inspect the sponsor and one or more clinical trial sites to assure compliance with GCP requirements and the integrity of the clinical data submitted to the FDA.
Additionally, the FDA may refer applications for novel biologic candidates, which present challenges in interpretation of the safety or efficacy data, to an advisory committee, typically a panel that includes clinicians and other experts, for review, evaluation and a recommendation as to whether the application should be approved. The FDA is not bound by the recommendations of an advisory committee, but it considers such recommendations when making decisions on approval. 
The BLA approval process is lengthy and difficult, and the FDA may refuse to approve a BLA if the applicable regulatory criteria are not satisfied or may require additional clinical or other data and information. After the FDA evaluates a BLA, it will issue an approval letter or a Complete Response Letter (“CRL”). An approval letter authorizes commercial marketing of the product with specific prescribing information for specific indications. A CRL indicates the deficiencies in the submission and may require substantial additional testing or information for the FDA to reconsider the BLA. If and when the deficiencies have been addressed to the FDA’s satisfaction, the FDA will issue an approval letter. 
FDA approval authorizes commercial marketing of a drug or biologic product with specific prescribing information and for specific indications. As a condition of approval, the FDA may require, among other things, post-approval trials or testing and surveillance programs to monitor the product after commercialization or implementation of a risk evaluation and mitigation strategy (“REMS”) to ensure the benefits of the product outweigh the potential risks. The FDA may prevent or limit further marketing of a product based on the results of post-marketing trials or surveillance programs, or new safety findings after market introduction. After approval, certain changes to the approved product, such as adding new indications, manufacturing changes and additional labeling claims, are subject to further testing requirements and FDA review and approval.
Orphan Drug Designation
Under the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may grant orphan designation to a drug or biologic product intended to treat a rare disease or condition, which is generally a disease or condition that affects fewer than 200,000 individuals in the United States or more than 200,000 individuals in the United States and for which there is no reasonable expectation that the cost of developing and making the product available in the United States for this type of disease or condition will be recovered from sales of the product. After the FDA grants Orphan Drug designation, the identity of the therapeutic agent and its potential orphan use are disclosed publicly by the FDA. Orphan Drug designation does not convey any advantage in, or shorten the duration of, the regulatory review and approval process. 
Orphan Drug designation entitles a party to financial incentives such as opportunities for grant funding towards clinical trial costs, tax advantages and user-fee waivers. In addition, if a product that has orphan designation subsequently receives the first FDA approval for the disease or condition for which it has such designation, the product is entitled to Orphan Drug exclusivity, which means that the FDA may not approve any other applications to market the same drug for the same indication for seven years from the date of such approval, except in limited circumstances, such as a showing of clinical superiority to the product with orphan exclusivity. 
A designated Orphan Drug may not receive Orphan Drug exclusivity if it is approved for a use that is broader than the indication for which it received orphan designation. In addition, exclusive marketing rights in the United States may be lost if the FDA later determines that the request for designation was materially defective or if the manufacturer is unable to assure sufficient quantities of the product to meet the needs of patients with the rare disease or condition.
Expedited Review and Approval
The FDA is authorized to designate certain product candidates for expedited development and review if they are intended to address an unmet medical need in the treatment of a serious or life-threatening disease or condition. These programs include Fast Track designation, Breakthrough Therapy designation, accelerated approval and priority review.
25

Table of Contents
To be eligible for a Fast Track designation, the FDA must determine, based on the request of a sponsor, that a product is intended to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition and demonstrates the potential to address an unmet medical need for such disease or condition. Fast Track designation provides opportunities for more frequent interactions with the FDA review team to expedite development and review of the product. The FDA may also review sections of the BLA for a Fast Track product on a rolling basis before the complete application is submitted, if the sponsor and the FDA agree on a schedule for the submission of the application sections, and the sponsor pays any required user fees upon submission of the first section of the BLA.
A product candidate intended to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition may also be eligible for Breakthrough Therapy designation. A product candidate can receive Breakthrough Therapy designation if preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the product candidate, alone or in combination with one or more other drugs or biologics, may demonstrate substantial improvement over existing therapies on one or more clinically significant endpoints, such as substantial treatment effects observed early in clinical development. The designation includes all of the Fast Track program features, as well as more intensive FDA interaction and guidance beginning as early as Phase 1 and an organizational commitment to expedite the development and review of the product candidate, including involvement of senior managers.
A product candidate intended to treat serious or life-threatening diseases or conditions may be eligible for accelerated approval upon a determination that the product candidate has an effect on a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit, or on a clinical endpoint that can be measured earlier than irreversible morbidity or mortality, that is reasonably likely to predict an effect on irreversible morbidity or mortality or other clinical benefit, taking into account the severity, rarity, or prevalence of the condition and the availability or lack of alternative treatments. As a condition of approval, the FDA generally requires that a sponsor of a product receiving accelerated approval perform adequate and well-controlled confirmatory clinical trials to verify the predicted clinical benefit. A product that receives accelerated approval may be subject to expedited withdrawal procedures if the sponsor fails conduct the required confirmatory trials in a timely manner or if such trials fail to verify the predicted clinical benefit. In addition, the FDA currently requires as a condition for accelerated approval pre-approval of promotional materials, which could adversely impact the timing of the commercial launch of the product.
The FDA may designate a product candidate for priority review if the product candidate is designed to treat a serious condition, and if approved, would provide a significant improvement in safety or effectiveness compared to marketed products. The FDA will attempt to direct additional resources to the evaluation of an application for a biologic designated for priority review in an effort to facilitate the review. The FDA endeavors to review original BLAs with priority review designations within six months of the filing date as compared to ten months under its standard review goals.
Even if a product qualifies for one or more of these programs, the FDA may later decide that the product no longer meets the conditions for qualification or decide that the time period for FDA review or approval will not be shortened. Furthermore, Fast Track designation, Breakthrough Therapy designation, accelerated approval and priority review do not change the standards for approval and may not ultimately expedite the development or approval process.
Post-approval Requirements
Once a BLA is approved, a product will be subject to certain post-approval requirements. For instance, the FDA closely regulates the post-approval marketing and promotion of drugs and biologics, including standards and regulations for direct-to-consumer advertising, off-label promotion, industry-sponsored scientific and educational activities and promotional activities involving the internet and social media. Drugs and biologics may be marketed only for the approved indications and in accordance with the provisions of the approved labeling.
Adverse event reporting and submission of periodic reports are required following FDA approval of a BLA. 
In addition, FDA regulations require that products be manufactured in specific approved facilities and in accordance with cGMPs. We rely, and expect to continue to rely, on third party CDMOs for the production of clinical and commercial quantities of our products in accordance with cGMP regulations. We, and our CDMOs are required to 
26

Table of Contents
register our establishments with the FDA and certain state agencies. Registration with the FDA subjects us and our CDMOs to periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA, during which the agency inspects manufacturing facilities to assess compliance with cGMPs. Accordingly, we and our CDMOs must continue to expend time, money and effort in the areas of production and quality-control to maintain compliance with cGMPs. 
Later discovery of previously unknown problems with a product, including adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may result in, among other things:
●
restrictions on the marketing or manufacturing of the product, complete withdrawal of the product from the market or product recalls;
●
fines, warning letters or other enforcement-related letters or clinical holds on post-approval clinical trials;
●
refusal of the FDA to approve pending BLAs or supplements to approved BLAs, or suspension or revocation of product approvals;
●
product seizure or detention, or refusal to permit the import or export of products;
●
injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties; and
●
consent decrees, corporate integrity agreements, debarment, or exclusion from federal healthcare programs; or mandated modification of promotional materials and labeling and the issuance of corrective information.
Biosimilars and Exclusivity
An abbreviated approval pathway for biological products that are biosimilar to or interchangeable with an FDA-licensed reference biological product was created by the Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act of 2009 (the “BPCIA”) as part of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act (the “ACA”). 
Under the BPCIA, a manufacturer may submit an application for a biological product that is “biosimilar to” or “interchangeable with” a previously approved “reference product.” Biosimilarity requires that the biological product be highly similar to the reference product and that there be no clinically meaningful differences in safety, purity and potency. This must be demonstrated through analytical studies, animal studies and a clinical trial or trials. In order to meet the higher hurdle of interchangeability, a sponsor must demonstrate that the biosimilar product can be expected to produce the same clinical result as the reference product, and for a product that is administered more than once, that the risk of switching between the reference product and biosimilar product is not greater than the risk of maintaining the patient on the reference product. 
Under the BPCIA, a reference biological product is granted 12 years of data exclusivity from the time of first licensure of the product, and the FDA will not accept an application for a biosimilar or interchangeable product based on the reference biological product until four years after the date of first licensure of the reference product. 
Foreign Government Regulation
In addition to regulations in the United States, we are subject to a variety of regulations in other jurisdictions governing, among other things, clinical trials, marketing authorization, post-marketing requirements and any commercial sales and distribution of products approved in such jurisdictions. The product approval process ultimately varies between countries and jurisdictions and can involve additional product testing and additional administrative review periods. The time required to obtain approval in other countries and jurisdictions might differ from and be longer than that required to obtain FDA approval. Regulatory approval in one country or jurisdiction does not ensure regulatory approval in another, but a failure or delay in obtaining regulatory approval in one country or jurisdiction may negatively impact the regulatory process in others. 
27

Table of Contents
Regulatory Framework in the European Union
Clinical Trials
​
Clinical trials of medicinal products in the European Union (“EU”) are governed by the Clinical Trials Regulation (EU) No 536/2014 (the “CTR”), which became applicable on January 31, 2022, and repealed the Clinical Trials Directive. The CTR is directly applicable in all EU member states without the need for member states to further implement it into national law. The CTR notably harmonizes the assessment and supervision processes for clinical trials throughout the EU via a Clinical Trials Information System, which contains a centralized EU portal and database. If the sponsor of the clinical trial is not established within the EU, it must appoint an EU entity to act as its legal representative. The sponsor must take out a clinical trial insurance policy, and in most EU member states, the sponsor is liable to provide ‘no fault’ compensation to any study subject injured in the clinical trial.
While the Clinical Trials Directive required a separate clinical trial application (a “CTA”) to be submitted in each member state, to both the competent national health authority and an independent ethics committee, much like the FDA and IRB respectively, the CTR introduces a centralized process and only requires the submission of a single application to all member states concerned. The CTR allows sponsors to make a single submission to both the competent authority and an ethics committee in each member state, leading to a single decision per member state. The CTA must include information concerning the trial protocol and the manufacture and quality of the medicinal product under investigation. The assessment procedure of the CTA has been harmonized as well, including a joint assessment by all member states concerned, and a separate assessment by each member state with respect to specific requirements related to its own territory, including ethics rules. Once the CTA is approved, clinical study development may proceed. Documents and data from the CTA are made publicly available through CTIS at time of decision about the clinical trial, subject to the redaction of personal data and confidential information. 
Since January 2025, all clinical trials (including those which are ongoing but approved under the previous legal framework) are subject to the provisions of the CTR.
Medicines used in clinical trials must be manufactured in accordance with cGMP. Other national and EU-wide regulatory requirements may also apply.
Marketing Authorization
​
In the EU, medicinal products can only be placed on the market after obtaining a marketing authorization (an “MA”). To obtain a MA of a product candidate in the EU, we must submit a MA application (an “MAA”). The process for doing this depends, among other things, on the nature of the medicinal product. There are two types of MAs:
●
“Centralized MAs” are issued by the European Commission through the centralized procedure, based on the opinion of the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (the “CHMP”) of the EMA, and are valid throughout the EU. The centralized procedure is compulsory for certain types of medicines, such as (i) medicines derived from biotechnological processes, (ii) products designated as orphan medicinal products, (iii) advanced-therapy medicines (such as gene-therapy, somatic cell-therapy or tissue-engineered products) and (iv) products with a new active substance indicated for the treatment of specified diseases, such as HIV/AIDS, cancer, diabetes, neurodegenerative diseases or autoimmune and other immune dysfunctions and viral diseases. The centralized procedure is optional for products containing a new active substance not yet authorized in the EU, or for products that represent a significant therapeutic, scientific or technical innovation, or whose authorization would be in the interest of public health in the EU. Under the centralized procedure the maximum timeframe for the evaluation of an MAA by the EMA is 210 days, excluding clock stops, when additional written or oral information is to be provided by the applicant in response to questions asked by the CHMP. 
●
“National MAs” are issued by the competent authorities of the EU member states, only cover their respective territory, and are available for investigational medicinal products that fall outside the mandatory scope of the centralized procedure. Where a product has already been authorized for marketing in an EU 
28

Table of Contents
member state, this national MA can be recognized in another member state through the Mutual Recognition Procedure. If the product has not received a national MA in any member state at the time of application, it can be approved simultaneously in various member states through the decentralized procedure. Under the decentralized procedure an identical dossier is submitted to the competent authorities of each of the member states in which the MA is sought, one of which is selected by the applicant as the reference member state.

Under the above-described procedures, in order to grant the MA, the competent authorities of the EU make an assessment of the risk-benefit balance of the product on the basis of scientific criteria concerning its quality, safety and efficacy.
MAs have an initial duration of five years. After these five years, the authorization may be renewed on the basis of a reevaluation of the risk-benefit balance.
In the EU, a “conditional” MA may be granted in cases where all the required safety and efficacy data are not yet available. The European Commission may grant a conditional MA for a medicinal product if it is demonstrated that all of the following criteria are met: (i) the benefit-risk balance of the medicinal product is positive; (ii) it is likely that the applicant will be able to provide comprehensive data post-authorization; (iii) the medicinal product fulfils an unmet medical need; and (iv) the benefit of the immediate availability to patients of the medicinal product is greater than the risk inherent in the fact that additional data are still required. The conditional MA is subject to conditions to be fulfilled for generating the missing data or ensuring increased safety measures. It is valid for one year and must be renewed annually until all related conditions have been fulfilled. Once any pending studies are provided, the conditional MA can be converted into a traditional MA. However, if the conditions are not fulfilled within the timeframe set by the EMA and approved by the European Commission, the MA will cease to be renewed.
Data and Marketing Exclusivity
​
The EU also provides opportunities for market exclusivity. New products authorized for marketing (i.e., reference products) generally receive eight years of data exclusivity and an additional two years of market exclusivity upon receiving an MA. During the data exclusivity period in the EU, biosimilar applicants may not rely on the pre-clinical and clinical trial data contained in the dossier of the reference product when applying for a biosimilar MA. During the market exclusivity period in the EU, a biosimilar MAA can be submitted and approved, and data previously covered by data exclusivity may be referenced, but no biosimilar product can be commercialized until the expiration of such period (for a total of ten years of data and market exclusivity). The overall ten-year market exclusivity period can be extended to a maximum of eleven years if, during the first eight years of those ten years, the MA holder obtains an authorization for one or more new therapeutic indications which, during the scientific evaluation prior to their authorization, are held to bring a significant clinical benefit in comparison with existing therapies. 
There is a special regime for biosimilars, or biological medicinal products that are similar to a reference medicinal product but that do not meet the definition of a generic medicinal product, for example, because of differences in raw materials or manufacturing processes. For such products, the results of appropriate preclinical or clinical trials must be provided, and guidelines from the EMA detail the type of quantity of supplementary data to be provided for different types of biological product. There are no such guidelines for complex biological products, such as gene or cell therapy medicinal products, and so it is unlikely that biosimilars of those products will currently be approved in the EU. However, guidance from the EMA states that they will be considered in the future in light of the scientific knowledge and regulatory experience gained at the time.
Orphan Medicinal Products
​
The criteria for designating an “orphan medicinal product” in the EU, are similar in principle to those in the United States. Under Article 3 of Regulation (EC) 141/2000, a medicinal product may be designated as orphan if (1) it is intended for the diagnosis, prevention or treatment of a life-threatening or chronically debilitating condition; (2) either (a) such condition affects no more than five in 10,000 persons in the EU when the application is made, or (b) the product, without the benefits derived from orphan status, would not generate sufficient return in the EU to justify investment; and (3) there exists no satisfactory method of diagnosis, prevention or treatment of such condition authorized for marketing in the EU, or if such a method exists, the product will be of significant benefit to those affected 
29

Table of Contents
by the condition. Orphan medicinal products are eligible for financial incentives such as reduction of fees or fee waivers and are, upon grant of a MA, entitled to ten years of market exclusivity for the approved therapeutic indication. During this ten-year orphan market exclusivity period, the competent authorities cannot accept another MAA, grant an MA, or accept an application to extend a MA for a similar product for the same indication. Orphan Drug designation does not convey any advantage in, or shorten the duration of, the regulatory review and approval process.
The ten-year market exclusivity in the EU may be reduced to six years if, at the end of the fifth year, it is established that the product no longer meets the criteria for orphan designation, for example, if the product is sufficiently profitable not to justify maintenance of market exclusivity. Additionally, a MA may be granted to a similar product for the same indication at any time if (i) the second applicant can establish that its product, although similar, is safer, more effective or otherwise clinically superior; (ii) the applicant consents to a second orphan medicinal product application; or (iii) the applicant cannot supply enough orphan medicinal product.
Pediatrics Development
In the EU, MAAs for new medicinal products generally must either include the results of studies conducted in the pediatric population or contain a PDCO-approved plan to address the needs of the pediatric population in an appropriate and timely way, in compliance with a pediatric investigation plan (a “PIP”) agreed with the EMA’s Pediatric Committee (the “PDCO”). The PIP sets out the timing and measures proposed to generate data to support a pediatric indication of the drug for which MA is being sought. The PDCO can grant a deferral of the obligation to implement some or all of the measures of the PIP until there are sufficient data to demonstrate the efficacy and safety of the product in adults. Further, the obligation to provide pediatric clinical trial data can be waived by the PDCO when this data is not needed or appropriate because the product is likely to be ineffective or unsafe in children, the disease or condition for which the product is intended occurs only in adult populations, or when the product does not represent a significant therapeutic benefit over existing treatments for pediatric patients. Once the MA is obtained in all EU member states and study results are included in the product information, even when negative, the product is eligible for six months’ supplementary extension of the basic patent protection under a supplementary protection certificate (if any is in effect at the time of approval) or, in the case of orphan medicinal products, a two-year extension of the ten-year orphan market exclusivity is granted. No extension to any supplementary protection certificate can be granted on the basis of pediatric studies for orphan indications.
PRIME Designation 
In the EU, innovative products that target conditions with an unmet medical need may be eligible for a number of expedited development and review programs, such as the Priority Medicine (“PRIME”) scheme, which provides incentives similar to the Breakthrough Therapy designation in the United States. PRIME is a voluntary operational framework based on increased interaction and early dialogue between the EMA and companies developing promising medicines, to optimize their product development plans and speed up their evaluation to help them reach patients earlier. The benefits of a PRIME designation include the appointment of a rapporteur before submission of an MAA, early dialogue and scientific advice at key development milestones, and the potential to qualify products for accelerated review earlier in the application process. Product developers that benefit from PRIME designation may be eligible for accelerated assessment (in 150 days instead of 210 days), which may be granted for medicinal products of major interest from a public health perspective or that target an unmet medical need, but this is not guaranteed. 
Post-approval Requirements
Similar to the United States, both MA holders and manufacturers of medicinal products are subject to comprehensive regulatory oversight by the EMA, the European Commission and/or the competent regulatory authorities of the EU member states. The holder of an MA for a medicinal product must also comply with pharmacovigilance legislation and its related regulations and guidelines, which entail many requirements for conducting pharmacovigilance, or the assessment and monitoring of the safety of medicinal products. The holder of a MA must establish and maintain a pharmacovigilance system and appoint an individual qualified person for pharmacovigilance (a “QPPV”) who is responsible for the establishment and maintenance of that system and oversees the safety profiles of medicinal products 
30

Table of Contents
and any emerging safety concerns. Key obligations include expedited reporting of suspected serious adverse reactions and submission of periodic safety update reports (“PSURs”).
All new MAAs must include a risk management plan (“RMP”), describing the risk management system that the company will put in place and documenting measures to prevent or minimize the risks associated with the product. The RMP must be updated any time new information on the medicinal product becomes available which has a significant impact on the content of the RMP. The regulatory authorities may also impose specific obligations as a condition of the MA. Such risk-minimization measures or post-authorization obligations may include additional safety monitoring, more frequent submission of PSURs, or the conduct of additional clinical trials or post-authorization safety studies.
In addition, the advertising and promotion of medicinal products is also subject to laws concerning promotion of medicinal products, interactions with physicians, misleading and comparative advertising and unfair commercial practices. All advertising and promotional activities for the product must be consistent with the approved summary of product characteristics, and therefore all off-label promotion is prohibited. Direct-to-consumer advertising of prescription medicines is also prohibited in the EU. Although general requirements for advertising and promotion of medicinal products are established under EU directives, the details are governed by regulations and various trade associations’ codes of conduct in each member state and can differ from one country to another.
Failure to comply with EU and national laws that apply to the conduct of clinical trials, manufacturing approval, MA of medicinal products and marketing of such products, both before and after grant of the MA, manufacturing of medicinal products, statutory health insurance, bribery and anti-corruption or with other applicable regulatory requirements may result in administrative, civil or criminal penalties. These penalties could include delays or refusal to authorize the conduct of clinical trials or to grant an MA, product withdrawals and recalls, product seizures, suspension, withdrawal or variation of the MA, total or partial suspension of production, distribution, manufacturing or clinical trials, operating restrictions, injunctions, suspension of licenses, fines and criminal penalties.
Regulatory Framework in the United Kingdom
Since the end of the Brexit transition period on January 1, 2021, Great Britain (England, Scotland and Wales) has not been directly subject to EU laws, however under the terms of the Ireland/Northern Ireland Protocol, EU laws generally apply to Northern Ireland. In February 2023, the EU and UK reached an agreement, known as the Windsor Framework, on the future of trade with Northern Ireland, which amends certain aspects of the Northern Ireland protocol. Pursuant to the Northern Ireland protocol, different medicinal product regulatory regimes applied in Great Britain (being England, Scotland and Wales) and Northern Ireland. In particular, Northern Ireland was bound by EU law concerning medicinal products, whereas Great Britain was not. The Windsor Framework corrects this by disapplying EU pharmaceutical law in Northern Ireland and ensuring regulatory continuity between Great Britain and Northern Ireland. In practice this means that, since these provisions took effect on January 1, 2025, medicinal products destined for sale in both Great Britain and Northern Ireland must be sold under one marketing authorization (MA), and in the same packaging and labelling.
The EU laws that have been transposed into United Kingdom (the “UK”) law through secondary legislation remain applicable in Great Britain. However, under the Retained EU Law (Revocation and Reform) Act 2023, which received royal assent on June 29, 2023, any retained EU law not expressly preserved and “assimilated” into domestic law or extended by ministerial regulations (to no later than June 23, 2026) was automatically expired and revoked by December 31, 2023. New legislation such as the EU CTR or in relation to orphan medicines is, therefore, not applicable to Great Britain. The UK government has passed a new Medicines and Medical Devices Act 2021, which introduces delegated powers in favor of the Secretary of State or an ‘appropriate authority’ to amend or supplement existing regulations in the area of medicinal products and medical devices. This allows new rules to be introduced in the future by way of secondary legislation, which aims to allow flexibility in addressing regulatory gaps and future changes in the fields of human medicines, clinical trials and medical devices.
As of January 1, 2021, the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (the “MHRA”) is the UK’s standalone medicines and medical devices regulator. 
31

Table of Contents
The MHRA has introduced changes to national licensing procedures, including procedures to prioritize access to new medicines that will benefit patients, including a 150-day assessment and a rolling review procedure. All existing EU MAs for centrally authorized products were automatically converted or grandfathered into UK MAs, effective in GB (only), free of charge on January 1, 2021, unless the MA holder chose to opt-out. In order to use the centralized procedure to obtain a MA that will be valid throughout the EEA, companies must be established in the EEA. Therefore, after Brexit, companies established in the UK can no longer use the EU centralized procedure and instead an EEA entity must hold any centralized MAs. In order to obtain a UK MA to commercialize products in the UK, an applicant must be established in the UK and must follow one of the UK national authorization procedures or one of the remaining post-Brexit international cooperation procedures. The MHRA may use the MHRA’s decentralized or mutual recognition procedures which enable MAs approved in EU member states (or Iceland, Liechtenstein or Norway) to be granted in GB (the so-called “MRDC Reliance Procedure”). Until December 31, 2023, the MHRA was able to rely on a decision taken by the European Commission on the approval of a new (centralized procedure) MA when determining an application for a GB authorization (the so called “EC Decision Reliance Procedure”). Since January 1, 2024, the EC Decision Reliance Procedure has been replaced by the new International Recognition procedure (“IRP”). The IRP expands the trusted regulatory partners to which the MHRA relies upon to include Australia, Canada, Switzerland, Singapore, Japan, the United States and the EU. The MHRA will retain the authority to reject IRP applications if the evidence provided is considered insufficiently robust.
There will be no pre-MA orphan designation. Instead, the MHRA will review applications for orphan designation in parallel to the corresponding MA application. The criteria are essentially the same, but have been tailored for the market, i.e., the prevalence of the condition in GB, rather than the EU, must not be more than five in 10,000. Should an orphan designation be granted, the period or market exclusivity will be set from the date of first approval of the product in GB.
Rest of the World Regulation
For other countries outside of the EU and the United States, such as countries in Eastern Europe, Latin America, Asia, or Japan, the requirements governing the conduct of clinical trials, product licensing, pricing and reimbursement vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. Additionally, the clinical trials must be conducted in accordance with GCP requirements and the applicable regulatory requirements and the ethical principles that have their origin in the Declaration of Helsinki.
If we fail to comply with applicable regulatory requirements, we may be subject to, among other things, fines, suspension or withdrawal of regulatory approvals, product recalls, seizure of products, operating restrictions and criminal prosecution.
Other Healthcare Laws 
In the U.S., activities of pharmaceutical manufacturers are subject to numerous other federal, state, and local laws designed to, for example, prevent “fraud and abuse” in the delivery of and payment for healthcare; promote transparency in interactions with others in the healthcare industry; require reporting of drug prices and payment of rebates or offering of discounts to certain government programs and public and private payors; and regulate government payment for drugs. These laws are enforced by various federal and state enforcement authorities and non-compliance, or alleged non-compliance, with such laws could adversely affect our reputation, our business and our financial results. Similar laws exist in foreign jurisdictions, including the EU, as well.
We may be subject to various federal and state laws pertaining to health care “fraud and abuse,” including anti-kickback laws (which typically prohibit soliciting, offering, receiving, or paying anything of value to generate healthcare business reimbursable by third party payors, including Medicare and Medicaid), and false claims laws (which generally prohibit anyone from knowingly and willingly presenting, or causing to be presented, any false or fraudulent claims for payment for reimbursed drugs or services to third party payors, including Medicare and Medicaid). Although the specific provisions of these laws vary, their scope is generally broad and there may not be regulations, guidance, or court decisions that apply the laws to particular industry practices.
32

Table of Contents
Laws and regulations have also been enacted by the federal government and various states to regulate the sales and marketing practices of pharmaceutical manufacturers, including laws that require manufacturers to adopt certain compliance standards; restrict interactions with healthcare professionals; disclose financial interactions with healthcare professionals to the government and public; report pricing information or marketing expenditures; or register sales representatives. Many of these laws and regulations contain ambiguous requirements or require administrative guidance for implementation. Given the lack of clarity in laws and their implementation, our activities could be subject to challenge.
We may need to obtain and maintain licenses for our manufacturing and distribution activities in the states in which we operate or distribute our products.
In the EU, many EU member states have adopted specific anti-gift statutes that further limit commercial practices for medicinal products, in particular vis-à-vis healthcare professionals and organizations. Additionally, there has been a recent trend of increased regulation of payments and transfers of value provided to healthcare professionals or entities and many EU member states have adopted national laws which impose requirements to disclose financial interactions with healthcare professionals to the government and public (often on an annual basis), similar to the requirements in the United States, on pharmaceutical companies. Certain countries also mandate implementation of commercial compliance programs or require disclosure of marketing expenditures and pricing information. 
Coverage, Pricing and Reimbursement 
Significant uncertainty exists as to the coverage and reimbursement status of approved biological products. Governments around the world are exploring cost containment programs, including price controls, reimbursement restrictions, and requirements for biosimilar substitution. In the United States and markets in other countries, patients rely on third party payors to reimburse healthcare costs. Third party payors include government authorities, managed care plans, private health insurers and other organizations.
In the United States, the process for determining whether a third party payor will provide coverage and the related coverage criteria for a biological product typically is separate from, but related to, the process for setting the price of such product or for establishing the level of reimbursement that the payor will pay for the product once coverage is approved. Third party payors may limit coverage or take other action to control utilization of covered products, including restricting coverage to specific products on an approved list, also known as a formulary, which might not include all of the FDA-approved products for a particular indication, or place products at certain formulary levels that result in lower reimbursement levels, which results in higher cost-sharing financial obligation imposed on patients. Additionally, coverage, coverage criteria, and reimbursement for products can differ significantly from payor to payor. One third party payor’s decision to cover a particular medical product does not ensure that other payors will also provide coverage for the medical product or will provide coverage at an adequate reimbursement rate. As a result, the coverage determination process usually requires manufacturers to provide scientific, clinical and health economic support for the use of their products to each payor separately, which is a time-consuming process.
Third party payors are increasingly challenging the prices charged for medical products and services, examining the medical necessity and reviewing the cost-benefit of pharmaceutical products, in addition to questioning safety and efficacy. If third party payors do not consider a product to offer a favorable cost-benefit compared to other available therapies, they may not cover that product after FDA approval or, if they do, the level of payment may not be sufficient to allow a manufacturer to sell its product at a profit.
In addition, in many countries, the proposed pricing for a drug must be approved before it may be lawfully marketed. The requirements governing drug pricing and reimbursement vary widely from country to country. In the EU, governments influence the price of products through their pricing and reimbursement rules and control of national healthcare systems that fund a large part of the cost of those products to consumers. Member states are free to restrict the range of pharmaceutical products for which their national health insurance systems provide reimbursement, and to control the prices and reimbursement levels of pharmaceutical products for human use. Some jurisdictions operate positive and negative list systems under which products may only be marketed once a reimbursement price has been agreed to by the government. Member states may approve a specific price or level of reimbursement for the 
33

Table of Contents
pharmaceutical product, or alternatively adopt a system of direct or indirect controls on the profitability of the company responsible for placing the pharmaceutical product on the market, including volume-based arrangements, caps and reference pricing mechanisms. To obtain reimbursement or pricing approval, some of these countries may require the completion of clinical trials that compare the cost effectiveness of a particular product to currently available therapies. Other member states allow companies to fix their own prices for medicines but monitor and control company profits. 
Government Programs and Price Reporting
We are subject to federal laws, including the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program (the “MDRP”), that require pharmaceutical manufacturers to report certain calculated product prices to the government or provide certain discounts or rebates to government authorities or private entities, often as a condition of reimbursement under government healthcare programs. Reporting requirements are complex and, in some instances, require reporting manufacturers to make reasonable assumptions in interpreting their obligations.
●
Medicaid. 
Our products are eligible to be reimbursed by Medicaid. Medicaid is a joint federal and state program that is administered by the states for low-income and disabled beneficiaries. Under the MDRP, participating manufacturers are required to pay a rebate for each unit of product reimbursed under the state Medicaid programs. The amount of the rebate for each product is set by law and depends in part on the prices at which our products are sold to certain other purchasers and may be subject to an additional discount if certain pricing increases more than inflation. State Medicaid programs and Medicaid managed care plans can seek additional “supplemental” rebates from manufacturers.
●
Medicare
. Medicare is a federal program that is administered by the federal government that covers individuals age 65 and over, disabled individuals and individuals with certain conditions. Medicare Part B generally covers drugs that are usually administered by physicians or other clinicians. Medicare Part B pays for such drugs under a payment methodology based on the average sales price (“ASP”) of the drugs, with manufacturers reporting an ASP for their drug products. Reimbursement levels and reimbursement methodologies have come under scrutiny and may be subject to change. Medicare Part D provides coverage for self-administered drugs (i.e., drugs that do not need to be injected or otherwise administered by a physician). Medicare Part D is administered by private prescription drug plans approved by the U.S. government and each drug plan establishes its own Medicare Part D formulary for prescription drug coverage and pricing, which the drug plan may modify from time-to-time. The prescription drug plans negotiate pricing with manufacturers and may condition formulary placement on the availability of manufacturer discounts. Manufacturers with marketed brand name drugs are required to provide discounts on brand name prescription drugs utilized by Medicare Part D beneficiaries, with discount requirements changing over time.
●
Federal Purchasers
. Drug products are subject to discounted pricing when purchased by federal agencies via the Federal Supply Schedule (“FSS”). FSS participation is required for a drug to be covered and reimbursed by certain federal agencies and for coverage under Medicaid, Medicare Part B and the Public Health Service (“PHS”) 340B drug pricing program. FSS pricing is negotiated periodically with the Department of Veterans Affairs. FSS pricing is intended not to exceed the price that a manufacturer charges its most-favored non-federal customer for its product. In addition, prices for drugs purchased by the Veterans Administration, Department of Defense (including drugs purchased by military personnel and dependents through the TRICARE retail pharmacy program), Coast Guard and PHS are subject to a cap on pricing (known as the “federal ceiling price”) and may be subject to an additional discount if pricing increases more than the rate of inflation.
●
PHS 340B Drug Pricing Program
. To maintain coverage of drugs under the MDRP and Medicare Part B, manufacturers are required to extend discounts to certain purchases under the PHS 340B drug pricing program. Purchasers eligible for discounts include hospitals that serve a disproportionate share of financially needy patients, community health clinics and other entities that receive health services grants from the PHS. 
34

Table of Contents
Additionally, a number of states have either implemented or are considering implementation of drug price transparency legislation. Requirements under such laws include advance notice of planned price increases, reporting price increase amounts and factors considered in taking such increases, wholesale acquisition cost information disclosure to prescribers, purchasers, and state agencies, and new product notice and reporting. Such legislation could limit the price or payment for certain drugs, and a number of states may impose civil monetary penalties or pursue other enforcement mechanisms against manufacturers who fail to comply with drug price transparency requirements.
Healthcare Reform and Potential Changes to Healthcare Laws 
Within the United States, federal and state governments have been active in proposing and implementing health care reform. Drug pricing and payment reform has been an ongoing focus for reform. Recent examples include federal legislation that eliminated a statutory cap on Medicaid drug rebate program rebates effective January 1, 2024. As another example, the Inflation Reduction Act (the “IRA”) of 2022 includes a number of changes intended to address rising prescription drug prices in Medicare Parts B and D, with varying implementation dates. These changes include caps on Medicare Part D out-of-pocket costs, Medicare Part B and Part D drug price inflation rebates, a new Medicare Part D manufacturer discount drug program (replacing the prior Medicare Part D coverage gap discount program) and a drug price negotiation program for certain high spend Medicare Part B and D drugs (with the first list of drugs announced in 2023). The IRA is anticipated to have a significant impact on the pharmaceutical industry. As another example, subsequent to the enactment of the IRA, in 2022, the Biden Administration announced its commitment to expanding certain IRA reforms. There have been significant and wide-ranging reforms to federal policy and the federal government under the new Trump Administration. Drug pricing and payment reform was a focus of the prior Trump Administration and that focus is likely to continue under the new Trump Administration. Other potential healthcare reform efforts under the Trump Administration may affect access to healthcare coverage or the funding of health care benefits. There is significant uncertainty regarding the nature or impact of any such reform as may be implemented by the Trump Administration through executive action or by Congress.
Additionally, there has been increasing legislative and enforcement interest in the United States with respect to specialty drug pricing practices. Specifically, there have been several recent Congressional inquiries and proposed and enacted federal and state legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to drug and biologic pricing, reduce the cost of prescription drugs and biologics under Medicare, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drugs and biologics.
Individual states in the United States have also become increasingly active in passing legislation and implementing regulations designed to control pharmaceutical product pricing, including price constraints, restrictions on copayment assistance by pharmaceutical manufacturers, value-based pricing, marketing cost disclosure and other transparency measures, and, in some cases, measures designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing.
Healthcare reform efforts have been and may continue to be subject to scrutiny, legal challenge and subsequent amendment, creating further uncertainty. 
In addition, other broader legislative changes have been adopted that could have an adverse effect upon, and could prevent, our products’ commercial success. For example, the Budget Control Act of 2011, as amended, resulted in the imposition of reductions in Medicare (but not Medicaid) payments to providers in 2013 and remains in effect through 2032 unless additional Congressional action is taken. Any significant spending reductions affecting Medicare, Medicaid or other publicly funded or subsidized health programs that may be implemented and/or any significant taxes or fees that may be imposed on us could have an adverse impact on our results of operations.
Outside the United States, there are also reform efforts. In December 2021, the EU adopted Regulation No 2021/2282 on Health Technology Assessment (the “HTA”). While the HTA entered into force in January 2022, it only became applicable to apply from January 2025 and will have a phased implementation depending on the concerned products. The HTA intends to boost cooperation among EU member states in assessing health technologies, including new medicinal products, and providing the basis for cooperation at the EU level for joint clinical assessments in these areas. The HTA permits EU member states to use common HTA tools, methodologies, and procedures across the EU, 
35

Table of Contents
working together in four main areas, including joint clinical assessment of the innovative health technologies with the most potential impact for patients, joint scientific consultations whereby developers can seek advice from HTA authorities, identification of emerging health technologies to identify promising technologies early, and continuing voluntary cooperation in other areas. Individual EU member states will continue to be responsible for assessing non-clinical (e.g., economic, social, ethical) aspects of health technology, and making decisions on pricing and reimbursement.
In April 2023, the Commission published its long-awaited proposals to revise the EU’s pharmaceutical legislation. The proposals seek to balance supporting innovation and increasing affordability and availability of medicines. The most controversial proposal is the shortening of regulatory protection periods to six (6) years of data exclusivity and two (2) years of market exclusivity (rather than the current eight (8) years data exclusivity and two (2) years market exclusivity). Other proposals include: (i) a transferable data exclusivity voucher for ‘priority antimicrobials’ entitling the holder to an additional one year data protection for any other centrally approved product (provided this is used within the first four years of data protection for that product) in an effort to encourage the development of new antimicrobials capable of combating antimicrobial resistance; (ii) greater flexibility for hospital pharmacies to prepare product for dispensing products in response to individual prescriptions; (iii) compulsory licenses for public health emergencies which would lead to suspension of data and market exclusivities while the compulsory license is in place; (iv) further transparency and disclosure requirements; (v) requirements for MAA to include an environmental risk assessment for the product; and (vi) streamlining regulatory procedures, reducing approval timeline by over 50 days for centrally authorized products. In April 2024, the European Parliament adopted its position at first reading of the two EU legislative proposals. Certain of the legislative changes proposed by the Commission were revised by the European Parliament. For example, the Parliament wanted to introduce a minimum regulatory data protection period of seven and a half years in addition to two years of market protection. Companies would be eligible for additional periods of data protection if their product addresses an unmet medical need, if comparative clinical trials are conducted and if a significant share of the research and development takes place in the EU and at least partly in collaboration with EU research entities. Timelines for these proposed changes to legislation are currently unknown as the legislative proposals must be approved by the European Parliament and the European Council. It is unlikely that new legislation will be adopted before 2026.
Other Regulations
In additional to the regulations and laws described above, our business is subject to a number of other regulations that apply broadly to companies doing business in the healthcare space, including the following: 
●
the United States federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, persons from knowingly and willfully soliciting, offering, receiving or providing remuneration, directly or indirectly, in cash or in kind, to induce or reward either the referral of an individual for, or the purchase, order or recommendation of, any good or service, for which payment may be made under federal and state healthcare programs such as Medicare and Medicaid. A person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation;
●
the United States federal False Claims Act and civil monetary penalties laws, which, among other things, impose criminal and civil penalties, including through civil whistleblower or qui tam actions, against individuals or entities for knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, to the federal government, claims for payment that are false or fraudulent or making a false statement to avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation to pay money to the federal government. Pharmaceutical manufacturers can be held liable under the False Claims Act even when they do not submit claims directly to government payors if they are deemed to “cause” the submission of false or fraudulent claims. Moreover, a claim including items and services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute is deemed a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the False Claims Act;
●
the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the “FCPA”), the U.K. Bribery Act 2010 (the “Bribery Act”) and similar anti-bribery or anti-corruption laws, regulations or rules in other countries in which we operate, which prohibit companies and their representatives from paying, offering to pay, promising to pay 
36

Table of Contents
or authorizing the payment of anything of value to any foreign government official, government staff member, political party or political candidate for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business or to otherwise obtain favorable treatment or influence a person working in an official capacity abroad. The Bribery Act may also create liability where we fail to prevent a person associated with us from committing a bribery offense. In many countries, the healthcare professionals we interact with may meet the FCPA’s and Bribery Act’s definition of a foreign government official. The FCPA also requires public companies to make and keep books and records that accurately and fairly reflect their transactions and to devise and maintain an adequate system of internal accounting controls; 
●
the United States federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, as amended (“HIPAA”), which imposes criminal and civil liability for executing a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program or obtain, by means of false or fraudulent pretenses, representations or promises, any of the money or property owned by, or under the custody or control of, any healthcare benefit program, regardless of the payor (e.g., public or private) and knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making any materially false statement in connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits, items or services. Similar to the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation;
●
United States federal civil monetary penalties laws, which impose civil fines for, among other things, the offering or transfer of remuneration to a Medicare or state healthcare program beneficiary if the person knows or should know it is likely to influence the beneficiary’s selection of a particular provider, practitioner, or supplier of services reimbursable by Medicare or a state healthcare program;
●
the United States federal physician payment transparency requirements, sometimes referred to as the “Sunshine Act”, which requires manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies that are reimbursable under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children’s Health Insurance Program to report to the Department of Health and Human Services information related to certain financial interactions with physicians (defined to include medical doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists and chiropractors), certain non-physician practitioners (including physician assistants and nurse practitioners), and teaching hospitals, as well as the ownership and investment interests of physicians and their immediate family members;
●
United States federal consumer protection and unfair competition laws, which broadly regulate marketplace activities and activities that potentially harm consumers;
●
United States federal, state and local laws, and similar foreign laws, regulations and standards governing the collection, use, access to, confidentiality and security of health-related and other personal information;
●
analogous United States state laws and regulations, such as state anti-kickback and false claims laws that may apply to sales or marketing arrangements and claims involving healthcare items or services reimbursed by nongovernmental third party payors, including private insurers; and state laws that require pharmaceutical companies to adopt certain compliance standards; restrict interactions with healthcare professionals; disclose financial interactions with healthcare professionals to the government and public; report pricing information or marketing expenditures; or register sales representatives; and
●
similar healthcare laws and regulations in the EU, United Kingdom and other jurisdictions, including: Directive 2001/83/EC on the Community code relating to medicinal products for human use and its national implementing legislation; the UK Human Medicines Regulations 2012; Directive 2011/83/EU on consumer rights and its national implementing legislation; and reporting requirements detailing interactions with and payments to healthcare professionals, which may be applicable even if we are not commercializing a product in such jurisdictions.
37

Table of Contents
Human Capital
​
We aim to cultivate a highly-skilled and passionate team determined to deliver transformative therapies to the patients who need them most. As of December 31, 2024, we had 315 full-time employees, of which 301 were located within the United States and 14 were located outside of the United States. 
​
We believe that the success and growth of our business depends in large part on our continued ability to attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel at all levels of our company. To do that, we employ a number of measures, including competitive compensation and benefits, fostering a culture that values diversity and inclusion, maintaining an ethical workplace and focusing on employee safety and wellness. These measures help form our human capital management framework and are advanced through the following actions, programs and initiatives:
​
Competitive Pay and Benefits.
 We provide our employees with competitive fixed salaries, cash bonus opportunities designed to incentivize achievement of our goals and individual objectives, equity awards and opportunities for equity ownership through our employee share purchase plan and a robust benefit package designed to promote well-being across different aspects of our employees’ lives, including comprehensive health insurance, dental and vision plans, life and other employment related insurance, retirement planning through a 401(k) plan with partial company match, and paid time off.
​
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion.
 We value diversity and inclusion at all levels of our company. We believe that our business benefits from the different perspectives that a diverse workforce brings, and we pride ourselves on having an inclusive culture. Our diversity statement formally expresses our commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion (“DEI”) goals. This initiative is part of our broader effort to establish a systematic approach towards DEI. Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics outlines our aim of cultivating a diverse and inclusive work environment. We mandate that our employees train annually on non-discrimination, antiracism, and promoting a diverse and inclusive workplace. As an additional demonstration of our focus on DEI, we signed the MassBio’s CEO Pledge for a More Equitable and Inclusive Life Sciences Industry to recognize racial inequity in our industry and to work towards a more equitable and inclusive life sciences industry.
​
Ethics in the Workplace. 
We aim to run a compliant and ethical business, which we believe attracts and maintains the highest caliber of executives and employees. Each employee of our company is required to confirm in writing that they understand and will comply with our policies, including but not limited to our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, our insider trading and compliance policy, our policies against bribery and corruption and our policies regarding interactions with healthcare professionals. Employees are required to participate in periodic and as-needed trainings in order to refresh their understanding of our policies and provide additional instruction for new issues as and when they arise. For the clinical and manufacturing activities that we perform and oversee, we adhere to operating within the accepted GLP, GCP, cGMP and other similar regulatory guidelines. Overall, we believe that our commitment to quality and ethics throughout our business makes us a stronger, compliant and competitive organization.
​
Health and Safety.
 Health and safety principles are firmly rooted across our company through the integration of health and safety processes throughout our business and risk management. To foster a safe and healthy culture, we have implemented a comprehensive safety program and emergency response plan to ensure that we understand and mitigate health and safety incidents. As part of our employee health and safety program, we have a number of safety policies that employees are required to train on, conduct periodic on-site safety drills at our offices and perform periodic internal and external safety audits. 
​
Our Corporate Information
We were initially incorporated under the laws of Bermuda in July 2015 and, in April 2024, subsequently announced the completion of the change of place of incorporation of our principal holding company from Bermuda to the United Kingdom (the “Redomiciliation”), pursuant to a scheme of arrangement approved by both the Bermuda Supreme Court and our shareholders, which caused the shareholders of our former parent company, Kiniksa Pharmaceuticals, Ltd., to become the shareholders of our current parent company, Kiniksa Pharmaceuticals International, plc.
38

Table of Contents
Our registered office is located at 23 Old Bond Street, London, W1S 4PZ, England, United Kingdom. The telephone number for our registered office is +1 (781) 431-9100. Our website address is www.kiniksa.com. The information contained on our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report, and you should not consider any information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website as part of this Annual Report.
As used herein, and unless the context otherwise requires, references to “we,” “us,” “our” and similar words or phrases prior to the Redomiciliation shall refer to Kiniksa Pharmaceuticals, Ltd. and from and after the Redomiciliation, to Kiniksa Pharmaceuticals International, plc. In addition, references to “ordinary shares” prior to the Redomiciliation are to Kiniksa Pharmaceuticals, Ltd.’s common shares and from and after the Redomiciliation are to Kiniksa Pharmaceuticals International, plc’s ordinary shares.
Where You Can Find More Information
We are subject to the information requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”). The SEC maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically, such as ourselves, with the SEC at 
http://www.sec.gov
.
We make available free of charge on our website our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably possible after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. Our website is located at 
www.kiniksa.com
. The reference to our or the SEC’s website address does not constitute incorporation by reference of the information contained at or available through such websites, and you should not consider it to be a part of this Annual Report.
​