Item 3. Legal Proceedings.
From time to time, we may be involved in various claims and legal proceedings related to claims arising out of our operations. We are not currently a party to any material legal proceedings, including any such proceedings that are pending or threatened, of which we are aware.
Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures.
Not Applicable.
39
Table of Contents
PART II
 Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.
Market Information
Our stock currently trades on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC under the ticker symbol "COCO".
Holders
As of February 24, 2025, there were 33 holders of record of our common stock.
Dividend Policy
We currently intend to retain all available funds and future earnings, if any, for the operation and expansion of our business, and any authorized share repurchases and do not anticipate declaring or paying any dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination related to our dividend policy will be made at the discretion of our Board after considering our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, contractual requirements, business prospects and other factors the Board deems relevant. In addition, the terms of our current credit facilities contain restrictions on our ability to declare and pay dividends under certain limited circumstances.
Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer or Affiliated Purchaser
The Company did not sell any equity securities during the three months and year ended December 31, 2024 that were not registered under the Securities Act. 
On October 30, 2023, the Company's Board approved a share repurchase program ("Program") authorizing the Company to repurchase up to $40 million of common stock. Shares of common stock may be repurchased under the Program from time to time through open market purchases, block trades, private transactions or accelerated or other structured share repurchase programs. To the extent not retired, shares of common stock repurchased under the Program will be placed in the Company's treasury shares. The extent to which the Company repurchases shares of common stock, and the timing of such repurchases, will depend upon a variety of factors, including market conditions, regulatory requirements and other corporate considerations, as determined by the Company. The Program has no time limits, and may be suspended or discontinued at any time.  During the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company repurchased 504,246 shares at a cost of $12.0 million, and 30,000 shares at a cost of $0.8 million under the Program, respectively. Approximately $27.2 million remained available for future purchases under the Program as of December 31, 2024.
Performance Graph
The following graph illustrates the total return from October 22, 2021 through December 31, 2024, for (i) our common stock, (ii) the Russell 2000 Index, (iii) the NASDAQ Composite Index, and (iv) the NASDAQ US Smart Food & Beverage Index. The graph assumes that $100 was invested on October 22, 2021 in our common stock, the Russell 2000 Index, the NASDAQ Composite Index, and the NASDAQ US Smart Food & Beverage Index, and that any dividends were reinvested. The graph assumes our closing sales price on October 22, 2021 of $13.95 per share as the initial value of our common stock and not the initial offering price to the public of $15.00 per share. The comparisons reflected in the graph are not intended to forecast the future performance of our stock and may not be indicative of our future performance.
40
Table of Contents
Item 6.
 [Reserved]