Item 1. Business.
Overview
Ouster, Inc. is building the eyes of autonomy. We are a leading global provider of lidar sensors and solutions for the automotive, industrial, robotics, and smart infrastructure industries. Ouster’s products include high-resolution scanning and solid-state digital lidar sensors, analog lidar sensors, and software solutions.
We anticipate that 3D vision technologies, coupled with artificial intelligence, will power autonomy that in turn will fundamentally disrupt business models across many existing industries and enable entirely new industries and capabilities. We believe that our digital lidar sensors are one of the highest performing, lowest cost solutions available today, which we believe positions us at the center of a global revolution in autonomy.
Our four target markets each have unique use cases for our lidar sensors:
•
Automotive.
 The automotive industry is shifting towards advanced/enhanced safety and autonomy features, in part powered by lidar. We believe we are uniquely positioned to support this transformation. We work with companies across the entire automotive ecosystem, from technology providers to direct automotive parts suppliers and original equipment manufacturers (“OEMs”), to design and manufacture lidar sensors for these advanced vehicle systems.
•
Industrial.
 Our industrial customers use our lidar sensors to increase safety and automate operations across the global supply chain. This includes material handling vehicles at ports and warehouses, off-highway vehicles in mines and on farms, and manufacturing equipment in factories. 
•
Robotics.
 Our robotics customers are pioneering an automated future that can affect many aspects of our daily lives as they take on tasks that are redundant, cumbersome, expensive or dangerous for humans. 
•
Smart infrastructure.
 Our smart infrastructure customers are in both the public and private sectors. Cities are prioritizing safety and efficiency through the use of lidar 
technology
 on roads and sidewalks in public spaces. We believe our products can enhance public welfare through security and smart city applications. Security companies are also looking to improve intrusion detection and tracking by augmenting existing closed-circuit television (CCTV) systems with the spatial tracking capabilities of lidar. 
We believe these markets present a significant growth opportunity for us.
We envision a future where our digital technology enables lidar to become universal, empowering 3D perception capabilities within robots, cars, trucks, and drones, as well as factories, warehouses, roads, sidewalks, public spaces, retail stores, stadiums, docks, and airport terminals. We believe our patented digital approach to lidar and our ongoing development of perception, analytics, mapping, and localization software will better position us in this changing environment.
We believe the simplicity of our digital lidar design gives us meaningful cost advantages in manufacturing, supply chain, and production yields. Our main manufacturing partners are Benchmark Electronics, Inc. (“Benchmark”) and Fabrinet. Benchmark and Fabrinet manufacture the majority of our products, which we expect will reduce our product costs and allow us to rapidly scale production to meet our anticipated product demand. Based on cost quotes for our products in mass production, we anticipate our manufacturing costs per unit will decrease as production volumes increase.
Our mission to make the physical world safer and more efficient is aligned with our focus on sustainability now and into the future. We believe that our lidar technology is a key enabler of sustainable solutions, empowering our customers to achieve greater levels of automation, which have been shown to have the potential to significantly reduce global carbon dioxide emissions and help curb the effects of climate change. Likewise, smart city initiatives powered by lidar can better manage traffic, reduce commute times, and further reduce emissions. 
4
Table of C
ontents
Intellectual Property
We believe our success, competitive advantages, and growth prospects depend in part upon our ability to develop and protect our core technology and intellectual property. Since our inception, we have heavily invested in our patent portfolio by pursuing comprehensive coverage of invention families, use cases, and international coverage. Being at the forefront of innovation in the lidar market depends in part on our ability to obtain and maintain patents and other proprietary rights relating to our key technology, and our ability to successfully enforce these rights against third parties. We currently have proprietary intellectual property for both our digital and analog products and solutions, including in our software, real-time 3D vision for autonomous systems, manufacturing processes and calibration methodology. We have also filed patents and trademark applications in order to further secure these rights and strengthen our ability to defend against third parties who may infringe on our rights. We also rely on trade secrets, design and manufacturing know-how, and continuing technological innovations to maintain and improve our competitive position. 
As a result, we have built a portfolio of intellectual property, including issued patents and registered trademarks, copyrights, confidential technical information, and expertise in the development of lidar technology and software.
We protect our proprietary rights through agreements with our commercial partners, supply chain vendors, employees, and consultants, and by closely monitoring the developments and products in the industry; and in addition to seeking patent protection covering inventions originating from us, we continually evaluate opportunities to acquire or in-license patents to the extent we believe such patents are useful or relevant to our business. By leveraging our deep knowledge of lidar technology, we have invented and patented an integrated, semiconductor-based lidar technology, which for our digital products consists of the following key features:
Patented digital lidar architecture
Our patents contain a broad range of claims related to devices and methods for implementing digital lidar, among other things. Our patents cover our micro-optic technology that enables improved digital lidar performance; our digital lidar architecture combining vertical cavity surface emitting lasers (“VCSEL”) and single photon avalanche diodes (“SPAD”); our data processing circuits for in-silicon digital signal processing; and our lidar-camera convergence, combining active and passive sensing technologies.
Custom system-on-a-chip (“SoC”) with SPAD detectors
Our sensors contain a custom-designed SoC that replaces the functionality of hundreds of discrete analog components and integrates those capabilities onto a single complementary metal-oxide-semiconductor (“CMOS”) chip. 
In our Ouster Sensor (“OS”) product line, we are currently on our “L3” generation of SoC, which combines significant processing power with a 128-channel SPAD array onto a single piece of silicon and powers all of our REV7 products. Our SoC is capable of counting individual photons in order to detect very weak laser light pulses from long range targets. This digital SPAD-based approach enables our OS sensors to be compact, high-performance, and low-cost in order to provide advanced autonomy functionality to our industrial, robotics, smart infrastructure, and automotive customers.
Our Digital Flash (“DF”) lidar is under development and utilizes our first generation CMOS SoC for solid-state sensors. In 2021, we announced our second generation DF SoC, “Chronos”. Powered by this chip, the solid-state DF lidar features short, medium, and long-range sensing options that we believe has the potential to meet the performance, reliability, design, and cost requirements of global industrial and automotive OEMs.
Vertical cavity surface emitting laser array
Paired with our digital SPAD SoC is an array of VCSELs. By using VCSEL technology, we can place our laser emitters into a dense array. This dense, compact approach enables us to increase our resolution without increasing the size or complexity of our sensors.
Patented micro-optical system
In addition to our detector SoC and VCSEL array, our sensors feature patented micro-optical systems that enhance the performance of both our emitters and detectors. The combined effect of these micro-optical systems on sensor performance is equivalent to an increase in detector efficiency of multiple orders of magnitude.
5
Table of C
ontents
Embedded software
Our existing embedded software is field-upgradeable, which enables us to customize and improve our sensors’ capabilities. We believe that the flexibility of this existing embedded software, together with embedded software that we develop in the future, will create an avenue for software-based enhancements of performance and customization of our products that will be capable of addressing myriad end-market customers’ specific technical requirements.
We believe these technology breakthroughs are central to our competitive advantage and dramatically improve sensor performance.
Our Product Portfolio
Using an array of eye-safe lasers, our lidar solutions measure distances in the environment at the speed of light. Unlike camera-based solutions, lidar solutions allow machines to see in 3D by providing precise distance measurements of surrounding objects. Lidar also performs better than cameras in low light conditions and produces fewer errors. Compared to radar, lidar provides better resolution, perceiving objects’ shapes for superior object detection and classification. Lidar systems are designed to detect pedestrians equally well during daytime and nighttime conditions because the systems provide self-illumination by means of laser beams. 
In October of 2021, Ouster acquired Sense Photonics, Inc. (“Sense”) a developer of solid-state flash lidar based on VCSEL and SPAD technology. This acquisition has supported the development of our DF sensor which leverages technology and engineering expertise from both companies. In February 2023, Ouster completed the merger (the “Velodyne Merger”) with Velodyne Lidar, Inc. (“Velodyne”) pursuant to the terms of the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of November 4, 2022. As a result, we currently offer the OS and Velodyne scanning sensors and are developing the DF solid-state flash sensors.
OS Product line
Introduced in 2018, the OS product line is available in four different models to meet the needs of our end customers. The model options include the hemispheric field of view “OSDome”, the ultra-wide view “OS0,” the mid-range “OS1,” and the long-range “OS2.” Within each of these models, we offer numerous configuration options, including but not limited to different resolutions, connection standards, and data output structures. As we continue to release new generations of the silicon CMOS SoCs that power the OS product line, we expect the performance of our sensors to improve.
In 2022, we launched our REV7 OS series scanning sensors powered by our L3 chip. Compared to our earlier generation sensors, REV7 delivers double the range, enhanced object detection, increased precision and accuracy, and greater reliability.
DF Series
The DF series is a suite of short, mid, and long-range solid-state digital lidar sensors with superior reliability, durability, and affordability. The DF series is designed to meet automaker requirements and certifications for advanced driver assistance systems (“ADAS”) and autonomous driving, while seamlessly integrating into the vehicle architecture and design. The DF series is also suitable for non-ADAS use cases where a full 360 degree field of view is not required.
Its key features include high resolution, adaptability, and scalability. 
High resolution.
 The patented breakthrough solid-state digital flash architecture produces high-resolution 3D point clouds.
Adaptability.
 The multi-sensor suite is a flexible platform that can be easily adapted to different form-factors and sensor configurations to provide varying ranges, fields of view, and vehicle design freedoms – all with a simple change in optics or housing. 
Scalability.
 The solid-state DF series is designed to be highly manufacturable and to offer durability, reliability, and affordability. We expect to offer individual solid-state sensors as well as a multi-sensor lidar suite at a price point that we believe could enable broad adoption. We believe that we are well-positioned to deliver on OEM requirements with a single supplier offering, reducing overall costs and making us a preferred potential partner.
Velodyne product lines
We also offer certain surround-view lidar sensors that Velodyne previously marketed prior to the Velodyne Merger. These scanning lidar products include the VLP-16, VLP-16 Lite, VLP-16 Hi-Res, VLP-32, and VLS-128, and are in the final stages of their product lifecycle. We plan to stop manufacturing these products in 2025.
6
Table of C
ontents
Ouster Gemini
Ouster Gemini is a perception platform designed for smart infrastructure deployments like security and crowd analytics, and is optimized exclusively for Ouster’s digital lidar sensors. The Gemini platform consists of OS series lidar sensors, edge processor hardware, perception software, and cloud analytics.
The Ouster Gemini platform provides people and object detection, classification, and tracking for actionable, intuitive, and customizable insights while preserving personally identifiable information. Gemini enables our customers to detect, classify, and track objects through a covered area which can be expanded by meshing lidar sensors together to form a single, cohesive 3D view. This approach has multiple advantages compared to other similar solutions and can be used to replace or enhance existing camera, radar, or RF beacon-based systems: 
Detection accuracy
. Gemini perception software is specifically optimized to take advantage of the rich and robust data provided by Ouster’s digital lidar sensors. The high resolution and improved range of our digital lidar sensors combined with a state of the art deep neural network based perception algorithms enhance the detection, classification, and tracking accuracy of the perception software.
Uninterrupted tracking
. Gemini enables seamless tracking of objects across an entire area. Users can easily mesh multiple lidar sensors together within the Gemini software interface, allowing a seamless 3D view of object movement throughout the space.
Easy setup and administration
. The simplicity of the Gemini platform, along with its intuitive user interface, enables customers to install, configure, and maintain the system with ease.
Privacy-preserving
. Gemini does not output any personally identifiable information, allowing customers to deploy advanced monitoring systems in public or sensitive areas without privacy concerns.
BlueCity
BlueCity is a Gemini-powered solution for traffic operations, planning, and safety. BlueCity provides real-time data analytics and predictions, which can be used to improve traffic and crowd flow efficiency, improve urban planning, advance sustainability, and protect vulnerable road users in a wide range of weather and lighting conditions.
Improve flow efficiency
. Connecting BlueCity’s intelligent solution to existing traffic controllers helps optimize signal timing and traffic and crowd flow based on real-time, multimodal traffic data. This can result in reduced traffic congestion, decreased vehicle delays, and maximized system capacity.
Improve urban planning
. BlueCity can help improve mobility and urban growth management for all modes of transport with data-based decision-making insights on the volume, speed, and direction of pedestrians, cyclists, and vehicles.
Data analytics dashboard
. BlueCity provides a user dashboard with actionable insights such as number of near misses, pedestrian crossing time estimates, illegal turn detection, and red-light violations.
Product Roadmap And Development
We continue to invest in growing our digital lidar product portfolio and increasing the capabilities of our software solutions.
We currently expect that our future digital lidar product developments will be primarily driven by improvements to our semiconductors—the receiver SoC and VCSEL laser array— with little to no impact on the designs or architecture of our sensors.
Our digital lidar product roadmap primarily consists of designing, building, and integrating improved semiconductors into the OS product line, which we anticipate will improve the range and resolution of our sensors, among other features, without substantial changes to the form factor of our sensors.
We have manufactured prototypes of our DF sensors for the automotive ADAS market. The DF series is also suitable for non-ADAS use cases where a full 360 degree field of view is not required. After the initial release, we anticipate our DF sensors will improve in performance over time as we improve our core SoC and laser components.
Our software solutions include BlueCity for intelligent transportation systems, and Ouster Gemini for security, logistics automation, and crowd monitoring. We continue to work to improve the performance and expand the capabilities of these platforms through our artificial intelligence perception software and application-specific integrations, analytics, and dashboards.
7
Table of C
ontents
Our Customers
We target four markets globally: automotive, industrial, robotics, and smart infrastructure. For the year ended December 31, 2024, one customer accounted for more than 10% of our revenue from product sales. 
Automotive
Our customers in the automotive industry fall into two categories: customers developing various forms of self-driving technology for driverless mobility and freight applications, and customers developing consumer ADAS. Both groups are generally engaged in the design, production, manufacture, operation, or after-market modification of automobiles, which includes consumer and commercial vehicles, commercial heavy trucks, and buses among other vehicles. Automotive customers use lidar as a core component in ADAS and for autonomous driving. We believe that our automotive customers value the high resolution, high reliability, and cost of our lidar technology.
Industrial Automation
Our customers in the industrial market are generally engaged in the manufacturing, operation, or after-market modification of heavy industrial machinery, which includes automated guided vehicles (“AGVs”), autonomous mobile robots (“AMRs”), mining vehicles, large material handling vehicles such as forklifts, construction vehicles, agricultural vehicles, and port machinery among other machines. Lidar is used on heavy machinery to enable autonomous usage of the machinery and to improve worker safety. We believe that our industrial customers value the high resolution, range, small form factor, and high reliability of our digital lidar sensors.
Robotics
Our customers in the robotics industry are generally engaged in the design, production, operation, or after-market modification of small mobile human-less vehicles, which includes wheeled robots, legged robots, and drones among other vehicles. Our customers in the robotics market include both commercial entities and nonprofit entities, such as research institutions. Our customers in the robotics market are installing lidar sensors for autonomous navigation, collision avoidance, and mapping in order to provide services such as last-mile delivery, street sweeping, and asset inspection. We believe our robotics customers value the high resolution, precision, wide vertical field-of-view, and high reliability of our lidar sensors.
Smart Infrastructure
Our customers in the smart infrastructure market are generally engaged in monitoring and analyzing human and vehicle movements for the purpose of providing building security and improving roadway safety and efficiency. This market includes federal, state, and local governments as well as private commercial businesses. Unlike traditional cameras, our lidar sensors provide accurate spatial data in low lighting conditions while safeguarding privacy concerns. We believe that our smart infrastructure customers value the high resolution, 360° horizontal field-of-view, and high reliability of our digital lidar sensors. Our lidar sensors and software solutions provide smart infrastructure customers the ability to detect, classify, and track people and vehicles through an easy to use software user interface, allowing them to interact with lidar data indirectly and in a task-relevant manner.
Our Competitive Strengths
We believe the following strengths will allow us to maintain and extend our position as a leading provider in high-resolution lidar solutions.
Patented digital lidar technology
Since we invented and patented our digital lidar technology in 2015, we have launched a suite of products built on a shared architecture. Our proprietary SoC replaces hundreds to thousands of discrete components with a single, tightly-integrated, custom SPAD receiver array, and our high-efficiency VCSEL array integrates every laser into a single die. Moreover, our patented micro-optical system increases digital lidar performance by the equivalent of an orders-of-magnitude increase in detector efficiency. We believe that this architecture will allow us to continue to increase sensor performance while reducing its cost for many years to come. The Sense acquisition and the Velodyne Merger have enabled us to acquire additional intellectual property, which we believe will continue to distinguish us in the lidar space.
8
Table of C
ontents
High performance at an affordable price
As we introduce future generations of our proprietary SoC, we expect to be able to offer improved resolution, range, precision, and reliability, and unlock new data types. Our simple digital architecture shared across our products has allowed for a single manufacturing process and common supply chain for all of our sensor models that we believe results in cost advantages that help us offer lower prices to our customers while maintaining gross margins.
Flexible and scalable product architecture
Our products employ a software-defined architecture, enabling low-cost development of new industry-specific applications, and a simple shared hardware architecture for scalable manufacturing.
Large and diversified customer base
We have diversified and strive to continue to diversify our customer base by growing our business in automotive, industrial, robotics, and smart infrastructure, which we believe gives us key advantages. Our customer and market diversity add stability to our business and we are able to reduce our exposure to the risk of development delays or regulatory changes that may affect our sales to a single customer or in a particular market.
Volume manufacturing today
We designed our technology for high-volume manufacturing. At our San Francisco, California facility, we manufacture sensors, including new product introductions and Buy America and Buy American-compliant sensors. While we continue to manufacture certain sensors in San Francisco, the Company outsources higher volume product manufacturing to our manufacturing partners Benchmark and Fabrinet, both of which have manufacturing facilities in Thailand. We believe these relationships provide multiple benefits, including allowing us to reduce our operating costs and the ability to leverage our partners’ manufacturing capacity to quickly respond to changes in demand. 
Digital solid-state technology positioned to capture high volume OEM opportunities
We expect that our prospective customers will select lidar suppliers primarily based on the anticipated ability to meet performance, reliability, design, and cost requirements. We believe that the solid-state digital lidar technology in our DF sensors will meet these requirements and lead to production wins and growth in this segment.
Highly reliable and rugged technology
In addition to high performance, comparatively low cost, and high customization flexibility, our sensors are designed to be highly reliable. We believe Ouster has one of the lowest field failure rates in the industry, which reduces the total cost of ownership of our sensors and we believe results in greater loyalty of our customers to our products.
Visionary management team
Innovation is central to our corporate culture. Ouster’s co-founders Angus Pacala and Mark Frichtl have over two decades of combined experience in lidar engineering. In collaboration with our seasoned executive management team, they drive our vision and corporate strategy. We believe that the digital lidar technology invented by our founders will continue to drive significant improvements in autonomous technology. As the Company has developed, we have built a strong supporting team, adding leaders in sales, marketing, operations, engineering, manufacturing, legal, and finance.
Our Growth Strategies
Our growth strategy is based upon three components: the attractive performance and cost economics of our digital lidar technology, accelerating adoption with our software solutions, and focused commercial execution. 
Today, our digital lidar technology powers OS and DF sensors that are high performance, highly customizable, reliable, and cost competitive. As we continue to upgrade the SoCs powering our OS and DF sensors, we expect to improve the performance of our sensors without significant negative impact to sensor cost or form factor. We plan to leverage this dynamic to grow our sensor sales by steadily improving our product performance while consistently maintaining a competitive price point. 
9
Table of C
ontents
We believe our software solutions for multiple end markets present a significant growth opportunity. For existing lidar users, software has the potential to decrease development time and improve system performance. For customers who historically rely on other sensor modalities or lack technical expertise, the introduction of software such as Ouster Gemini can catalyze the adoption of lidar by lowering the engineering resources required to transform raw data into actionable insights.
In addition to our sensor and software growth opportunities, we believe we can increase our growth through commercial execution excellence. By building a commercial organization with highly-skilled employees and efficient processes and systems, we believe we can improve our customer acquisition, accelerate existing customer growth, increase sales through distribution networks, and build valuable strategic partnerships.
Key elements of our growth strategy include:
Execute on our product roadmap
We continue to place a priority on innovation and product development. We plan to continue improving our product performance and adding unique functionality while maintaining a competitive price point. We believe that improving our products at a consistently competitive price positions us to win new and expanded business opportunities in our target markets over time. 
Grow sales volumes from existing accounts
We aim to create an established customer base in each of our four target markets that can be further strengthened as our relationships with customers mature. As our customers move through our pipeline from benchtop evaluation to pilot evaluation, to pre-production, and finally to production—we believe our order volumes will increase at each stage in the sales process. We expect that moving to series production can provide a material increase of up to several orders of magnitude in annual sales volume for a given customer program.
Commercialize digital lidar for emerging high volume OEM opportunities
We believe that our solid-state DF sensor will meet industry requirements for performance, cost, and reliability in high volume OEM applications. As development progresses, we will strive to build and maintain relationships with global OEMs and Tier 1s to further strengthen demand.
Expand our distribution network
While the majority of our sales are direct to customers, we also sell our sensors through a domestic and international distribution network, which has expanded as a result of the Velodyne Merger. We believe these distributors enable us to reach more end customers in an operationally efficient manner. We plan to grow our existing network and establish new distribution partnerships in regions where we do not currently have partnerships. By leveraging these relationships, we believe we will be able to reach more customers faster and rapidly grow our sales.
Expand our partner ecosystem
Effectively integrating and using a lidar sensor can be a complex task for some end customers. An ecosystem of value-added software and integrator companies is growing across the world, offering perception software and tailored solutions for our target markets. We have relationships with many of these companies, and have collaborated with some of them to develop software and services based on our sensors. We intend to further develop complementary solutions and integration services that we believe will provide potential customers with the requisite technical know-how and we expect that this will accelerate our sales growth.
Strengthen our worldwide sales and marketing presence
To further grow our market share in our target markets, we intend to opportunistically scale our commercial team to serve the needs of each end market. As our market presence grows through targeted sales and marketing activity, we believe our customer base will grow. In addition, we are increasingly cross-selling within accounts, accessing new projects and opportunities within accounts where we have a beachhead position and increasing the number of addressable opportunities.
10
Table of C
ontents
Pursue strategic transactions
We have explored and may continue to explore strategic acquisitions, mergers or other transactions as a means to improve our competitive position. For example, in February 2023, we completed our merger of equals with Velodyne which helped us to strengthen our financial position, technology portfolio and software offering. While we see significant and growing demand for our products today, we believe selective transactions can create more expansive use cases for our products, provide greater access to target markets, improve our operating efficiency, or accelerate our product roadmap.
Manufacturing
Our San Francisco, California facility manufactures sensors, including new product introductions; Buy America and Buy American-compliant sensors. For higher volume manufacturing where we can leverage bigger companies’ resources, we have invested in relationships with key manufacturing partners Benchmark and Fabrinet.

We have also invested a significant amount of time and resources in streamlining our production process. Our optical alignment processes are partially or completely automated, which reduces manufacturing time and increases our production output. Our sensors also undergo application-focused final testing, which allows us to understand the real-world performance of our sensors before they are shipped to customers. We continue to invest in building manufacturing process control systems, which provide real-time production information on the sensors produced at the facilities in Thailand and San Francisco through integrated data stores and dashboards. This streamlined production process aims at lowering manufacturing costs.
Competition
There is an increasing demand for lidar to help advance automated systems with the intended goal of increasing safety, improving efficiency and enhancing productivity. Lidar’s status as a critical sensor in many applications gives us the opportunity to add enhanced value to customers by providing comprehensive solutions. There is increasing adoption of lidar across a wide variety of industries. As a result, we compete against several companies developing lidar solutions for incorporation into these developing applications, some of which may be similar to ours. Our competitors may include and are not limited to: AEye, Aeva Inc., Cepton, Hesai Technology, Innoviz Technologies, Koito Manufacturing Co. Ltd., Luminar Technologies, MicroVision, Pepperl+Fuchs, Quanergy, RoboSense, Seyond, and SICK. 
Additionally, some of our targeted customers may have their own internal lidar development programs. Our software products may also compete against companies that provide standalone software solutions. Although we believe our line of products and innovation support position us as a leader in the lidar market, we will continue to face competition from existing, established market competitors with greater resources and new companies developing lidar solutions.
Sales And Marketing
We maintain a global sales presence across the Americas, Europe, and Asia and Pacific markets. We sell directly to many of our customers and have also developed a global network of active distributors to sell, install, and support our solutions. Our commercial team is made up of experienced leaders who have been developing a focused sales organization geared towards ramping our sales pipeline. We continue to maintain a robust sales and marketing team to meet the demands of our existing customers and expect to expand our sales efforts to attract new customers. We plan to continue to expand and optimize our dealer network to ensure that we have sufficient geographic coverage across both existing and new markets.
We take a targeted marketing approach to each of our four focused markets. We develop and publish digital content designed to educate our audience on how to use Ouster’s products, and selectively use other channels and advertising methods to attract customers. We leverage opportunities to present and speak at market-specific conferences, executive events, trade shows and industry events to further develop our brand and reputation. These opportunities also allow us to showcase our technology and attract additional customer interest. Through customer feedback, industry events and strategic relationships, we continue to identify the evolving needs of our customers and, as a result, develop new and improved solutions. In addition, we have a robust social media presence and are investing in various digital marketing strategies and tools to further reach customers as well as build our brand. From time to time, we sponsor universities and other non-profit organizations to increase awareness of our technology and showcase its capabilities.
11
Table of C
ontents
Research and Development
We have invested significant resources into research and development of our lidar-based technologies. We believe our ability to maintain a leadership position depends in part on our ongoing research and development activities.
Our research and development activities are primarily based in San Francisco, California; Ottawa, Canada; and Edinburgh, Scotland. Our research and development team is responsible for the design, development, manufacturing, and testing of our products. We focus our efforts on the development of digital lidar technology, developer tooling, software solutions, and innovative manufacturing technologies. The research and development team also partners with our operations and supply chain teams to develop scalable and reliable manufacturing processes and aid in supply chain planning and diversification. Our team consists of engineers, technicians, scientists, operators and professionals with experience from a wide variety of the world’s leading sensing, engineering, consumer electronics, and automotive organizations.
Government Regulation
While the U.S. has historically provided a positive legal landscape that allows safe testing and development of autonomous features, with nuances that vary from state to state, we are subject to the non-exhaustive list of regulations set forth below.
As a lidar technology company, we are subject to the Electronic Product Radiation Control Provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act. These requirements are enforced by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”). Electronic product radiation includes laser technology. Regulations governing these products are intended to protect the public from hazardous or unnecessary exposure. Manufacturers are required to certify in product labeling and report to the FDA that their products comply with applicable performance standards as well as maintain manufacturing, testing and distribution records for their products. Furthermore, we are also subject to similar internationally harmonized standards and regulations governing the safe use of laser products. Based upon successful evaluations of the applicable laser products, followed by written attestation by international third-party certification agencies, manufacturers are required to create Self Declarations of Compliance (“SDOC”) of their products to such regulations, and label their products accordingly.
Our products and solutions are also subject to U.S. and foreign trade and customs product classifications, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations, U.S. Customs regulations and various economic and trade sanctions regulations administered by the U.S. Treasury Department’s Office of Foreign Assets Controls. U.S. export control laws and regulations and economic sanctions prohibit the shipment of certain products and services to countries, governments, and persons targeted by U.S. sanctions. 
Similarly, we are also subject to sourcing regulations such as the requirements under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 and the EU Conflict Minerals Regulation 2017/821, that require us to carefully monitor our supply chain. Adherence to these requirements could adversely affect the sourcing, availability and pricing of the materials that may be used in the manufacture of components used in our products.
Our customers may use our products in applications that are regulated and/or subject to industry standards. Such applications require that our products comply with the applicable regulations and standards, including, but not limited to, functional safety, cybersecurity, product safety and product performance standards. For example, we continue to add features to our existing OS product line, and we expect to design, engineer and test our new DF sensors, to meet evolving U.S. and international consumer product safety and performance requirements as well as Automotive and Industrial Functional Safety, Cybersecurity and performance certifications designed to ensure the safe deployment and operation of autonomous vehicles, automotive ADAS, industrial machines and robots. Significant foreign markets also continue to develop their own respective standards to define deployment requirements for higher levels of autonomy in these jurisdictions.
Our operations are subject to various international, federal, state and local laws and regulations governing the occupational health and safety of our employees and wage regulations. We are subject to the requirements of the federal Occupational Safety and Health Administration, as amended, (“OSHA”), and comparable international, state and local laws that protect and regulate employee health and safety. 
We are subject to climate-related, sustainability and environmental laws, rules and regulations that are evolving and changing. Compliance with these laws, rules and regulations may require us to incur significant costs to comply, including obtaining permits, licenses, inspections of our facilities and products, and implementation of additional internal controls and additional oversight obligations.
12
Table of C
ontents
Human Capital
As of December 31, 2024, we employed 192
 people on a full-time basis in the United States and 100 people on a full-time basis internationally, either directly through our international subsidiaries or through a professional employer organization. We also engaged a certain number of consultants and independent contractors to supplement our permanent workforce. None of our employees are currently represented by a labor union or covered by collective bargaining agreements. We believe we have strong and positive relations with our employees.
Inclusion and Belonging.
 To attract, motivate and retain a highly-skilled workforce throughout our organization, we are focused on facilitating a safe and inclusive work environment that leverages the capabilities of our employees and encourages diversity of thought. In furtherance of these objectives, we provide Inclusion and Belonging training for our employees to promote a healthy and inclusive organizational culture. The Company is committed to the principles of equal employment and non-harassment. We are committed to complying with all federal, state, and local laws providing equal employment opportunities, and all other employment laws and regulations.
Employee engagement.
 We prioritize employee engagement and value employee feedback, which we gauge through periodic employee engagement surveys that help us monitor both engagement and satisfaction and provides an additional reference point for evaluating initiatives aimed at enhancing our employees’ experience.
Compensation and Benefits.
 We offer what we consider attractive compensation and benefit packages. This may include depending on location and eligibility, annual bonuses, paid time-off, 401(k) plan with a Company match (subject to the IRS annual limit), stock-based awards, employee stock purchase plan, health and wellness programs, and other benefits. Our long-term equity compensation is intended to align management interests with those of our stockholders and to encourage the creation of long-term value.
Training and Development. 
We provide management and leadership development sessions on a regular basis. We continue to expand our offerings to include additional activities which bring together managers of all levels from across the organization.
Additional Information
Our Internet address is 
https://ouster.com
. At our Investor Relations website, 
https://investors.ouster.com
, we make available free of charge a variety of information for investors, including our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file that material with or furnish it to the SEC. Our filings with the SEC can also be accessed through the SEC’s website at 
http://www.sec.gov
. Our website and the information included in or linked to our website are not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or any other report we file with, or furnish to, the SEC.
13
Table of C
ontents