Item 1A. Risk Factors
An investment in our common stock involves risk. Before investing in our common stock, in addition to the other information described in Item 7 (“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations”) of Part II, you should carefully consider the following risks. Such risks are not the only ones that relate to our businesses and capitalization. The risks described below are considered to be the most material. However, there may be other unknown or unpredictable economic, business, competitive, regulatory or other factors that also could have material adverse effects on our businesses. Past financial performance may not be a reliable indicator of future performance and historical trends should not be used to anticipate results or trends in future periods. If any of the events described below or in the documents incorporated by reference herein were to occur, our businesses, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows could be materially adversely affected, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on the value of our common stock.
Factors Relating to our Corporate History and the Split-Off

The historical financial information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K is not necessarily representative of our future financial position, future results of operations or future cash flows.

In valuing shares of our common stock, investors should recognize that the historical financial information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K with respect to the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 and a portion of the fiscal year ending December 31, 2023 prior to the completion of the Split-Off has been extracted from Liberty Media’s historical consolidated financial statements and does not necessarily reflect what our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows would have been had we been a separate, stand-alone company pursuing independent strategies during those periods prior to the completion of the Split-Off. In addition, our historical financial results insofar as they relate to periods prior to the completion of the Split-Off reflect allocations of corporate expenses from Liberty Media for corporate functions from Liberty Media. These expenses may be more or less than the comparable expenses we would have incurred had we operated as a separate publicly traded company during periods prior to the Split-Off. In connection with the Split-Off, we entered into the services agreement with Liberty Media, pursuant to which Liberty Media provides us with certain administrative, financial, treasury, accounting, tax, legal and other services, for which we will reimburse Liberty Media on a fixed fee basis. Accordingly, our historical financial results for periods prior to the completion of the Split-Off are not necessarily representative of the results we would have achieved as a separate public company and may not be a reliable indicator of our future results
. 
Additionally, as we continue to transition away from the services provided under the services agreement as noted below, our cost of performing or procuring these services or comparable replacement services could increase, and historical financial results for periods prior to the Corporate Governance Transition may not necessarily be a reliable indicator of our future results. 
As we begin transitioning away from services previously provided by Liberty, we may fail to replicate or replace certain functions, systems and infrastructure in a timely fashion, or at all, and may lose benefits from Liberty’s global contracts.
Historically, we have received services from Liberty, including through shared services contracts with various third-party service providers. Under the services agreement, Liberty has agreed to continue to provide us with certain services and support that were historically provided to us by or through Liberty prior to the Split-Off. The services agreement does not continue indefinitely and services provided under the services agreement generally terminate at various times specified in the agreement and the schedules thereto. We have begun transitioning away from certain services previously provided under the services agreement. For instance, Liberty previously provided some of its executive officers to serve as executive officers of the Company. As previously disclosed, as part of the Corporate Governance Transition, on August 31, 2024, all of the officers of the Company previously provided by Liberty (with limited exceptions) stepped down from their officer positions, and members of the Braves operating team assumed these roles effective as of September 1, 2024. These transitions included appointing a new chief executive officer, chief financial officer, chief legal officer, chief culture officer and executive vice presidents of the Company.
We are working to replicate or replace the services, and associated systems and data, and information security and cybersecurity procedures and systems, that we will continue to need in the operation of our business that have been provided by or through Liberty, including those we receive through shared service contracts Liberty has with various third-party providers or through the services agreement for applicable transitional periods. As a result, when Liberty ceases to provide these services to us, either as a result of the termination of the services agreement or individual services thereunder, our costs 
I-12

Table of Contents
of performing or procuring these services or comparable replacement services could increase. In addition, we have historically received certain informal support from Liberty, including communications, technical support, market intelligence and market data, which may not be addressed in our transition plans. We may lose the benefit of this informal support following the termination of the services agreement.
Furthermore, in connection with our efforts to replicate or replace these services, certain third-party systems we are using may have imbedded risks such as cybersecurity susceptibility that we may not be able to resolve effectively or efficiently. As a result, we may need to purchase comparable replacement services on less favorable commercial and legal terms, and the cessation of such services could result in service interruptions and divert management attention from other aspects of our operations, including ongoing efforts to implement technological developments and innovations.
We are also making infrastructure investments and hiring additional employees to operate without the same access to Liberty’s existing operational and administrative infrastructure. We have established or expanded our own tax, treasury, internal audit, accounting, investor relations, cybersecurity, corporate governance and listed company compliance and other corporate functions. Due to the scope and complexity of the underlying projects relative to these efforts, we have been incurring and expect to continue to incur one-time costs to replicate, or outsource from other providers, these corporate functions to replace the corporate services that Liberty historically provided us prior to the Split-Off and under the services agreement. The total costs could be materially higher than our estimate, and the timing of the incurrence of these costs may be subject to change. 
We have incurred, and may continue to incur, material costs not previously incurred as a result of our separation from Liberty Media.

We have incurred and expect to continue to incur costs and expenses not previously incurred as a result of the Split-Off. These increased costs and expenses may arise from various factors, including financial reporting, costs associated with complying with the federal securities laws (including compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act), tax administration and human resources related functions. These costs could be material to our business. 
Our agreements with Liberty Media were negotiated while we were still a subsidiary of Liberty Media and therefore may not be the result of arms’ length negotiations.
We have entered into a number of agreements with Liberty Media covering matters such as tax sharing and allocation of responsibility for certain liabilities previously undertaken by Liberty Media for certain of our businesses. In addition, we have entered into the services agreement with Liberty Media pursuant to which Liberty Media provides us certain management, administrative, financial, treasury, accounting, tax, legal and other services, for which we reimburse Liberty Media on a fixed fee basis, subject to quarterly review. The terms of all of these agreements were established while we were a wholly-owned subsidiary of Liberty Media, and therefore may not be the result of arms’ length negotiations. We believe that the terms of these agreements are and will be commercially reasonable and fair to all parties under the circumstances; however, conflicts could arise in the interpretation or any extension or renegotiation of the foregoing agreements. 
We may have a significant indemnity obligation to Liberty Media.

While the characterization of the Split-Off and certain related transactions (the “Split-Off Transactions”) as tax-free to the holders of Liberty Braves common stock was agreed to by the Internal Revenue Service, the Split-Off would result in a significant U.S. federal income tax liability to Liberty Media (but not to former holders of Liberty Braves common stock or holders of Liberty Formula One common stock) under Section 355(e) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”) if one or more persons acquire, directly or indirectly, a 50% or greater interest (measured by either vote or value) in the stock of Liberty Media or in the stock of our Company (or any successor corporation) (excluding, for this purpose, acquisitions of our common stock meeting statutory exceptions) as part of a plan or series of related transactions that includes the Split-Off Transactions. The process for determining whether an acquisition is part of a plan under these rules is complex, inherently factual in nature, and subject to a comprehensive analysis of the facts and circumstances of the particular case. 
Prior to the Split-Off, we entered into a tax sharing agreement with Liberty Media. Under this agreement, we are required to indemnify Liberty Media, its subsidiaries and certain related persons for any such taxes and losses arising from the Split-Off Transactions that (i) result primarily from, individually or in the aggregate, the breach of certain covenants we made (applicable to actions or failures to act by us and our subsidiaries), or (ii) result from a 50% or greater interest (measured 
I-13

Table of Contents
by vote or value) in the stock of our Company (or any successor corporation) being sold as part of a plan or series of related transactions that includes the Split-Off Transaction, or (iii) result from any excess loss account (within the meaning of applicable U.S. Treasury Regulations) in our common stock, or gain recognized under Section 361(b) of the Code due to the application of the basis limitation in the last sentence of Section 361(b)(3) of the Code. Our indemnification obligations to Liberty Media, its subsidiaries and certain related persons are not limited in amount or subject to any cap. If we are required to indemnify Liberty Media, its subsidiaries or such related persons under the circumstances set forth in the tax sharing agreement, we may be subject to substantial liabilities, which could materially adversely affect our financial position. 
We may not realize the potential benefits from the Split-Off in the near term or at all.

Liberty Media anticipated that we would realize certain strategic and financial benefits as a result of our separation from Liberty Media. In particular, the Split-Off was intended to provide greater transparency to investors with respect to our business, which was expected to result in a trading price for our common stock that reflects a reduced valuation discount than that applied to Liberty Media’s Liberty Braves common stock prior to the Split-Off. However, there can be no assurance that the trading price of our common stock will reflect a reduced valuation discount, as compared to Liberty Media’s former Liberty Braves common stock, as a result of the completion of the Split-Off. In this case, our equity currency would not be as attractive to use for raising capital to fund our financial needs or for the retention and attraction of qualified personnel. Given the added costs associated with the completion of the Split-Off, including the separate accounting, legal and other compliance costs of being a separate public company, our failure to realize the anticipated benefits of the Split-Off in the near term or at all could adversely affect us.
John C. Malone owns shares of our common stock representing approximately 48.3% of our aggregate voting power, which may be deemed to put him in a position to influence significant corporate actions and may discourage others from initiating a potential change of control transaction that may be beneficial to our stockholders.
Dr. Malone beneficially owns shares of our common stock representing the power to direct approximately 48.3% of the aggregate voting power of our common stock. The Company and Dr. Malone have not entered into any arrangements that prohibit or limit his ability to acquire additional shares of our common stock, and therefore Dr. Malone could acquire beneficial ownership of (x) 346,106 additional shares of BATRA or (y) 322,440 additional shares of BATRB (which represents all of the outstanding shares of BATRB that were not owned by Dr. Malone as of immediately following the Split-Off) and 23,666 additional shares of BATRA to control approval of general matters submitted to stockholders for approval, pursuant to which holders of shares of BATRA and BATRB would vote together as a single class. Dr. Malone may continue to be deemed to be in a position to influence significant corporate actions, including corporate transactions such as mergers, business combinations or dispositions of assets. This concentration of ownership could discourage others from initiating any potential merger, takeover or other change of control transaction that may otherwise be beneficial to our stockholders. Pursuant to the Malone Voting Agreement, Terrence F. McGuirk was granted proxy rights to 887,079 BATRB shares held by Dr. John C. Malone (and directly by JCM AB LLC) and the right to exercise control over the voting of such shares on routine matters in August 2024. However, Dr. Malone retains his voting rights over non-routine matters, including, but not limited to, the approval of any merger, takeover or other change of control transaction.
Factors Relating to Our Business
Our business’ financial success depends, in large part, on the Braves achieving on-field success.

Our financial results depend in large part on the ability of the Braves to achieve on-field success. The team’s successes generate significant fan enthusiasm, resulting in sustained ticket, premium seating, concession and merchandise sales, and greater shares of local television and radio audiences during that period. Furthermore, participation in MLB’s postseason provides the franchise with additional revenue and income, primarily derived from games played at the Braves’ home stadium. The Braves appeared in 2 out of 18 potential postseason games in 2024, 4 out of 18 potential postseason games in 2023 and 4 out of 17 potential postseason games in 2022. Net revenue from postseason play (after reduction for allocable postseason share payments) was approximately $2.0 million, $11.3 million, and $8.4 million in 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. While the Braves have made the MLB postseason during nine of the past thirteen seasons, and were the 2021 World Series Champions, there can be no assurance that the team will perform well or qualify for postseason play during the next season or any season thereafter. Poor on-field performance by the Braves is likely to adversely affect our financial performance. 
I-14

Table of Contents
The success of the Braves depends largely on their ability to develop, obtain and retain talented players.

The success of the Braves depends, in large part, on the ability to develop, obtain and retain talented players. The Braves compete with other MLB baseball teams and teams in other countries for available professional players and top player prospects. There can be no assurance that the Braves will be able to retain players upon expiration of their contracts or identify and obtain or develop new players of adequate talent to replace players who retire or are injured, traded, released or lost to free agency. Even if the Braves are able to retain or obtain players who have had successful amateur or professional careers, or develop talented players through the Braves’ minor league affiliates or otherwise, there can be no assurance that such players will perform successfully for the Braves. The 2017 penalties handed down by MLB against the Braves in the international market limited the Braves’ ability to recruit players internationally through the 2021 season, and could have an impact on the future pipeline of talent going forward. 
Determining the market value of an MLB player is difficult, subject to market conditions and involves the use of subjective inputs and significant assumptions, any of which may prove to be inaccurate.

The current market value of a given MLB player is subject to market conditions generally and more specifically based on the player’s experience, position played, recent performance statistics, physical health, other similar players available at such time and other factors, such as the desirability of a particular franchise to such player, all of which vary over time. In general, player signings occur frequently enough that there are comparable objective data points that can be utilized in determining the value of a given MLB player. However, for top-ranked players, there may not be frequent enough player signings to provide sufficient recent comparable objective data points for valuation purposes. As a result, the Braves’ ability to accurately determine the market value of a given player may be significantly impacted by Braves’ subjective inputs and assumptions. Further, while a player’s market value is generally determined at the time of signing, the evaluation of the contributions made by the player are ongoing throughout the life of the contract and the overall value of the entire contract can be analyzed only after the expiration of such contract. As a result, the Braves’ ability to determine the market value of an MLB player is inherently uncertain, and the Braves may fail to assign a market value that is commensurate with such player’s contributions over the life of the contract term. These challenges, and the related risk that the Braves may fail to accurately determine the market value of a given player, may be exacerbated as the length of the contract term increases. As a result, entry into long-term contracts, which generally include higher aggregate compensation, may increase the risk that the Braves fail to accurately determine the market value of a given player. The Braves’ inability to accurately determine the market value of the players who are signed may negatively impact the ability of the Braves to achieve on-field success, which is likely to adversely affect our financial performance.
The risk of injuries to key or popular players creates uncertainty and could negatively impact financial results.

A significant portion of our financial results is dependent upon the on-field success of the Braves and injuries to players pose risk to that success. In addition, the Braves are currently scheduled to play 81 regular season road games each year, requiring players and members of the coaching staff to travel using charter carriers. The Braves’ extensive travel schedule exposes its players and coaching staff to the risk of travel-related accidents and injuries. An injury sustained by a key player, or an injury occurring at a key point in the season, could negatively impact the team’s performance and decrease the likelihood of postseason play. An injury sustained by a popular player could negatively impact fan enthusiasm, which could negatively impact ticket sales and other sources of revenue. Furthermore, after the start of each season, all MLB players under contract are generally entitled to all of their contract salary for the season, even after sustaining an injury (subject to certain rights of the Braves). Having to compensate a player who is unable to perform for a substantial period of the season, as well as the replacement for the injured player, could create a significant financial burden for the Braves. Long-term employment contracts provide for, among other items, annual compensation for certain players (current and former) and other employees. As of December 31, 2024, amounts payable annually under such contracts aggregated to $221.1 million in 2025, $169.2 million in 2026, $120.9 million in 2027, $105.2 million in 2028, $63.1 million in 2029 and $83.2 million, combined, thereafter. The Braves may or may not elect to obtain disability insurance for their players signed to multiyear contracts to partially mitigate these risks, but there can be no assurance that even if obtained that such insurance will compensate for all or substantially all of the costs associated with player injuries and such insurance would not serve to mitigate any potential negative impact on the team’s performance and revenue. 
I-15

Table of Contents
Focus on team performance, and decisions by management, may negatively impact financial results in the short-term.

Management of Braves Holdings focuses on making operational and business decisions that enhance the on-field performance of the Braves and this may sometimes require implementing strategies and making investments that may negatively impact short-term profit for the sake of immediate on-field success. For example, in order to improve the short-term performance of the team, management may decide to make trades for highly compensated players and sign free agents or current players to high value contracts, which could significantly increase operating expenses for a given year, and which could adversely impact the trading price of our common stock. In addition, to the extent higher salaries must be paid in order to retain talented players, the Braves may be subject to the Competitive Balance Tax imposed by the CBA if the Braves’ aggregate average payroll exceeds the predetermined thresholds contained in the CBA. The Braves were required to pay the Competitive Balance Tax for the 2024 and 2023 seasons. For more information about the Competitive Balance Tax, see “