Item 1. Business – MLB Rules and Regulations – Collective Bargaining Agreement” and “Business – MLB Rules and Regulations – Debt Service Rule.” Following our separation from Liberty Media, we do not have access to Liberty Media’s capital or credit and our ability to obtain significant financing on favorable terms, or at all, may be more limited as a standalone company than as a subsidiary of Liberty Media. Due to our size and current indebtedness, together with our assets and operating cash flow, we may be unable to support any significant financing in the future. 
If debt financing is not available to us in the future, we may obtain liquidity through the issuance and sale of our equity securities. If additional funds are raised through the issuance of equity securities, our stockholders may experience significant dilution. If we are unable to obtain sufficient liquidity in the future, Braves Holdings may be unable to continue to develop its business, complete acquisitions or otherwise take advantage of business opportunities or respond to competitive pressures, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Certain covenants included in the documents governing our indebtedness impose limitations on the liquidity of our business.
In addition to the Debt Service Rule limitations imposed by the CBA limiting the amount of indebtedness that may be incurred by the Braves, the agreements governing the indebtedness incurred, directly or indirectly, by Braves Holdings, include certain covenants that limit our ability to sell or otherwise transfer control over certain assets or equity interests of affiliated entities. These covenants could limit our flexibility to react to changing or adverse market conditions, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and could suppress the value of our common stock. 
Our holding company structure could restrict access to funds of our subsidiaries that may be needed to pay third-party obligations.

We are a holding company and our assets consist primarily of investments in our subsidiaries, including Braves Holdings. As a holding company, our ability to meet our financial obligations to third parties is dependent upon our available cash balances, distributions from subsidiaries and other investments and proceeds from any asset sales. Further, our ability to receive dividends or payments or advances from our subsidiaries’ businesses depends on their individual operating results, any statutory, regulatory or contractual restrictions to which they are or may become subject and the terms of their indebtedness and any additional debt they may incur in the future. From time to time, our subsidiaries may consider opportunities to refinance such debt, including through use of cash on hand and capital markets transactions. Accordingly, our ability to make payments to third parties and to otherwise meet our financial obligations at the holding company level is constricted. 
We do not own Truist Park and any failure to comply with the terms of the Stadium Operating Agreement for Truist Park could result in the termination of our operating subsidiaries’ rights to operate, and play home games at Truist Park, which could adversely impact the Braves’ reputation and our baseball business, financial condition and results of operations.
The Braves play their home games at Truist Park pursuant to the Stadium Operating Agreement entered into with Cobb County and the Cobb-Marietta Coliseum and Exhibit Hall Authority, which owns Truist Park (the “Stadium Operating Agreement”). The Stadium Operating Agreement obligates the Braves to play all home games in Truist Park through the 2046 season, with a 5-year extension option to 2051. 
The Stadium Operating Agreement is terminable by Cobb County and the Cobb-Marietta Coliseum and Exhibit Hall Authority upon the occurrence of certain events of default, including, subject to certain exceptions and applicable cure periods: (i) failure of the Braves to pay any amount due and owing under the Stadium Operating Agreement, including the annual license fees, within ten business days after written notice; (ii) failure of the Braves to perform any material agreement or provision of the Stadium Operating Agreement; (iii) the Braves failure to guarantee certain other payment and performance obligations relating to the construction and maintenance of Truist Park; and (iv) failure by the Braves to play all home games at Truist Park. The Stadium Operating Agreement provides that any termination of the agreement will not be effective until 
I-18

Table of Contents
the conclusion of the then current MLB season, including any applicable postseason games. The Stadium Operating Agreement also grants the Braves a right of first refusal in connection with any sale by Cobb County and the Cobb-Marietta Coliseum and Exhibit Hall Authority of their interests in Truist Park and provides the Braves with an exclusive option to purchase Truist Park during the twelve-month period ending six months prior to the expiration or termination of the Stadium Operating Agreement. 
If certain of our subsidiaries were to breach or become unable to satisfy their obligations under or relating to the Stadium Operating Agreement, such subsidiaries’ right to operate Truist Park, including their right to play home games at Truist Park, could be terminated. If the Stadium Operating Agreement is terminated, and the operating subsidiaries determine not to exercise their right of first refusal or exclusive option to purchase, or are unable to exercise such rights or unsuccessful in exercising such rights, there is no guarantee that we would be able to secure alternative facilities for the Braves without a significant disruption to our baseball business. Any termination of the Stadium Operating Agreement could adversely impact the Braves’ reputation and our baseball business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Our subsidiaries have incurred and are expected to continue to incur significant indebtedness, including borrowings used or to be used to finance the construction, development and/or ongoing operations of Braves Holdings, the Braves’ stadium, the Mixed-Use Development and a spring training facility, which could negatively impact our financial condition.

Braves Holdings has, directly or indirectly through subsidiaries, taken on a significant level of debt and increased expenses related to the development of Truist Park, the Mixed-Use Development and our spring training facility. As of December 31, 2024, Braves Holdings had approximately $197.9 million outstanding under various debt instruments for construction and other stadium-related costs, $392.2 million outstanding under various credit facilities and loans for the Mixed-Use Development and $30.0 million outstanding under a credit facility for the spring training facility. Continued construction and development expenditures will increase our costs and indebtedness in the near term, which could have a negative impact on Braves Holdings’ credit worthiness and the value of our common stock. 
Our financial performance may be materially adversely affected if we do not experience the anticipated benefits of the Mixed-Use Development in the near term or at all.

Braves Holdings is incurring a significant amount of capital expenditures and indebtedness in connection with the construction and development of the Mixed-Use Development. Although we believe that the Mixed-Use Development will result in a material increase in revenue over the short and long term, including as a result of increased game attendance and rental income from the Mixed-Use Development, no assurance can be given that attendance will increase as anticipated or that the potential benefits of the Mixed-Use Development will be fully realized. To the extent that the long-term anticipated benefits of the Mixed-Use Development do not materialize and we do not experience sustained revenue, our increased costs, including our new debt service obligations, could materially adversely affect our financial results, which is likely to suppress the value of our common stock. 
Development activities, such as those associated with the Mixed-Use Development, are subject to significant risks.

Risks associated with real estate development projects, such as the Mixed-Use Development, relate to, among other items, adverse changes in national market conditions (which can result from political, regulatory, economic or other factors), increases in interest rates, competition for, and the financial condition of, tenants, the cyclical nature of property markets, adverse local market conditions, changes in the availability of debt financing, real estate tax rates and other operating expenses, zoning laws and other governmental rules and fiscal policies, energy prices, population trends, risks and operating problems arising out of the presence of certain construction materials, acts of God, uninsurable losses and other factors which are beyond the control of the developer and may make the underlying investments economically unattractive. Development activities also involve the risk that construction may not be completed within budget or on schedule because of cost overruns, work stoppages, shortages of building materials, the inability of contractors to perform their obligations under construction contracts, defects in plans and specifications or various other factors, including natural disasters, which may be exacerbated by climate change. As a result, we may not be able to fully realize the projected long-term returns and benefits of our real estate development efforts. Any of these risks could result in substantial unanticipated delays or expenses associated with the Mixed-Use Development, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and suppress the value of our common stock. 
I-19

Table of Contents
Additionally, the Mixed-Use Development requires Braves Holdings to comply with various federal, state and local environmental, health, safety and land use laws and regulations. The properties are subject to such laws and regulations relating to the use, storage, disposal, emission and release of hazardous and non-hazardous substances and employee health and safety as well as zoning restrictions. Additional laws which may be passed in the future, or a finding of a violation of or liability under existing laws, could require us to make significant expenditures and otherwise limit or restrict some of our operations or developments.
Climate change may also have indirect effects on the Mixed-Use Development by increasing the cost of, or making unavailable, property insurance on terms we find acceptable. To the extent that significant changes in the climate occur where the Mixed-Use Development is located, we may experience more frequent extreme weather events, which may result in physical damage to the Mixed-Use Development or its lessees’ facilities and may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
Failure of lessees of the Mixed-Use Development to renew their leases as they expire and improvement costs associated with new leases may adversely impact our cash flow from operations, which could negatively impact our financial condition.

If Mixed-Use Development lessees do not renew their leases as they expire, we may not be able to re-lease that space in the Mixed-Use Development. In addition, in connection with securing lease renewals or re-leasing properties, we may agree to terms that are less economically favorable than expiring lease terms, or we may be required to incur significant costs, such as renovations and improvements on behalf of the lessee. Furthermore, a significant portion of the costs of owning property, such as real estate taxes, insurance and maintenance, are not necessarily reduced when circumstances cause a decrease in rental revenue from the properties. Any of these events could adversely affect our cash flow from operations and our ability to service our indebtedness, which could negatively impact our financial condition. 
Negative market conditions or adverse events affecting existing or potential lessees of the Mixed-Use Development or the industries in which they operate, could have an adverse impact on our ability to attract new lessees, collect rent or renew leases at the Mixed-Use Development, which could adversely affect our cash flow from operations and inhibit growth.

Cash flow from operations depends in part on our ability to lease space in the Mixed-Use Development on economically favorable terms and to collect rent from lessees on a timely basis. We could be adversely affected by various facts and events over which we have limited or no control, such as: 
•
lack of or loss of demand for the amount of commercial and retail space developed and being developed at The Battery Atlanta; 
•
effects of events outside of our or our lessees’ control affecting demand for commercial and retail space or our lessees’ ability to pay rent, such as a future pandemic or epidemic;
•
inability to retain existing lessees and attract new lessees; 
•
changes in market rental rates; 
•
declines in lessees’ creditworthiness and ability to pay rent, which may be affected by their operations, economic downturns and competition within their industries from other operators; 
•
defaults by and bankruptcies of lessees, failure of lessees to pay rent on a timely basis, or failure of lessees to comply with their contractual obligations; 
•
economic or physical decline of the areas around Truist Park and the Mixed-Use Development; and 
•
deterioration of physical condition of properties in the Mixed-Use Development. 
At any time, any Mixed-Use Development lessee may experience a downturn in its business that may weaken its operating results or overall financial condition. As a result, such lessee may delay lease commencement, fail to make rental payments when due, decline to extend a lease upon its expiration, become insolvent or declare bankruptcy. The bankruptcy or insolvency of a Mixed-Use Development lessee could diminish the revenue we receive as a result of a lease termination or other concessions, such as reduced rent payable, and our ability to seek payment for unpaid future rent would be substantially limited, if not eliminated. Any lessee bankruptcy or insolvency, leasing delay or failure to make rental payments when due could result in material losses to us and could adversely affect our cash flow from operations and our ability to service our indebtedness, which could also negatively impact the value of our common stock. 
I-20

Table of Contents
Fans attending professional baseball games risk personal injury or accident, which could subject us to personal injury or other claims and could increase our expenses.

Personal injuries and accidents involving fans attending professional baseball games have occurred, and may in the future occur, which could subject us to claims and liabilities for personal injuries which could increase expenses. While we maintain insurance policies that provide coverage within limits that are sufficient, in management’s judgment, to protect us from material financial loss for personal injuries sustained by persons at our venues, there can be no assurance that such insurance will be adequate at all times and in all circumstances. 
We may be adversely affected by the occurrence of extraordinary events, such as terrorist attacks or future pandemics or epidemics.

The occurrence and threat of extraordinary events, such as terrorist attacks, intentional or unintentional mass-casualty incidents, natural disasters, future pandemics or epidemics or similar events, may substantially decrease the attendance at professional baseball games, which may decrease our revenue or expose us to substantial liability. For example, as a result of COVID-19, in 2020, all MLB games were postponed, with a portion of spring training in 2020 for teams cancelled. Additionally, Braves Holdings had limitations on the number of fans in attendance at certain games in 2021, thereby reducing revenue associated with fan attendance. Further, the Mixed-Use Development was affected due to government restrictions in response to COVID-19 on retail and restaurants. It is unclear whether and to what extent the occurrence or threat of these extraordinary events will impact the use of and/or demand for the entertainment and events provided by Braves Holdings and demand for sponsorship and advertising assets. The occurrence or threat of these extraordinary events may also impact discretionary consumer spending.
While we constantly evaluate the security precautions for our events, no security measures can guarantee safety. Despite our best efforts, some occurrences or actions are difficult to foresee and adequately plan for, which could lead to fan, vendor and/or employee harm resulting in fines, penalties, legal costs and reputational risk that could materially and adversely impact our business and results of operations. Some occurrences or actions may also heighten the occurrence and impact of other risk factors described in this “Risk Factors” section.
Poor weather may adversely affect attendance at professional baseball games.

Due to weather conditions, we may be required to cancel or reschedule one or more baseball games to another available day, which could increase our costs and could negatively impact attendance, as well as concession and merchandise sales, which could negatively impact our financial performance. The frequency and severity of such adverse weather conditions could increase as a result of climate change.
Data loss or other breaches or disruptions of our information systems and information system security could materially harm our business and results of operations.
Penetration of our information systems or other misappropriation or misuse of personal or sensitive information and data, including credit card information and other personally identifiable information, could subject us to increased costs, litigation, actions from governmental authorities, reputational harm (which could negatively impact future revenues), and financial or other liabilities. In addition, security breaches, incidents or the inability to protect information could lead to ticketing fraud and counterfeit tickets.
Additionally, we rely on technology, such as our information systems, content distribution systems, ticketing systems, and payment processing systems, as well as technology and information systems of third-party vendors, to conduct our business. Disruptions, such as computer hacking and phishing, theft, computer viruses, ransomware, worms or other destructive software, process breakdowns, potential disruptions from software updates (including due to inadequate testing of updates), denial of service attacks or other malicious activities, as well as power outages, natural or other disasters (including extreme weather), terrorist activities or human error, may affect the information systems and services we utilize and could result in disruption of our services, misappropriation, misuse, alteration, theft, loss, leakage, falsification, and accidental or premature release or improper disclosure of confidential or other information, including intellectual property and personal data (of third parties or employees) contained on such systems. The techniques used to access, disable or degrade service or sabotage systems change frequently and continue to become more sophisticated and targeted, and the increasing use of artificial intelligence may intensify cybersecurity risks. While we and our vendors and broadcasting partners continue to 
I-21

Table of Contents
develop, implement and maintain security measures seeking to identify and mitigate cybersecurity risks, including unauthorized access or misuse, such efforts are costly, require ongoing monitoring and updating and may not be successful in preventing these events from occurring. We increasingly rely on third-party vendors to provide technology-related services and, while we thoroughly evaluate such vendors and their capabilities and processes for mitigating risk, we cannot be certain that any incident experienced by our vendors will not have a material impact on us. 
Further, we rely on technology at our home games and other live events, the failure or disruption of which, for any significant period of time, could affect our business, our reputation and the success of our live events. Any significant interruption or failure of the technology upon which we rely, or any significant breach of security, could result in decreased performance and increased operating costs (including refunds to impacted end users), adversely affecting our business, financial condition, reputation and results of operations.
The processing, storage, sharing, use, disclosure and protection of personal data could give rise to liabilities as a result of governmental regulation, conflicting legal requirements or differing views of personal privacy rights.
Through the Company’s operations, sales and marketing activities, it collects and stores certain non-public personal information related to its customers. The Company also gathers and retains information about employees in the normal course of business. The Company may share information about such persons with vendors, contractors and other third-parties that assist with certain aspects of its business.

The collection, storage, sharing,

use, disclosure and protection of this information are governed by the privacy and data security policies maintained

by these businesses. Moreover, there are federal, state and international laws regarding privacy and the collection,

storage, sharing, use, disclosure and protection of personally identifiable information and user data. Specifically,

personally identifiable information is increasingly subject to changing legislation and regulations, in numerous

jurisdictions around the world, which are intended to protect the privacy of personal information that is collected,

processed and transmitted in or from the governing jurisdiction. Compliance with these laws and regulations may be

onerous and expensive and may be inconsistent from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, further increasing the cost of

compliance. 
For example, California has enacted the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”), which, among other things, allows California consumers to request that certain companies disclose the types of personal information collected by such companies. The CCPA became effective on January 1, 2020. The California Attorney General has issued regulations and guidance regarding the law. In November 2020, California voters approved the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (“CPRA”), which amends and expands the CCPA and establishes the California Privacy Protection Agency to implement and enforce consumer privacy laws. Most of the CPRA’s provisions became effective on January 1, 2023. In addition, Virginia enacted the Consumer Data Protection Act in March 2021, which regulates the handling of personal data and became effective on January 1, 2023, and Colorado enacted a personal data protection law in July 2021, the Colorado Privacy Act, which took effect on July 1, 2023. Utah and Connecticut also have enacted consumer privacy statutes. Other states in the U.S. are also separately proposing laws to regulate privacy and security of personal data. Our failure, and/or the failure by the various third-party vendors and service providers with which we do business, to comply with applicable privacy policies or federal or state laws or changes in applicable laws and regulations, or any compromise of security that results in the unauthorized release of personally identifiable information or other user data could damage our

reputation and the reputation of their third-party vendors and service providers, discourage potential users from trying their products and services and/or result in fines and/or proceedings by governmental agencies and/or consumers, any one or all of which could adversely affect our

business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we or our business affiliates may not have adequate insurance coverage to compensate for losses.
We and our subsidiaries have operations outside of the United States that are subject to numerous operational risks.
We and our subsidiaries operate in countries other than the United States, including the Dominican Republic. In many foreign countries, particularly in certain developing economies, it is not uncommon to encounter business practices that are prohibited by certain regulations, such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar laws. Although we and our subsidiaries have undertaken compliance efforts with respect to these laws, our respective employees, contractors and agents, as well as those companies to which we outsource certain of our business operations, may take actions in violation of our policies and procedures. Any such violation, even if prohibited by the policies and procedures of our subsidiaries and business affiliates or the law, could have certain adverse effects on the financial condition of us, our subsidiaries and business affiliates. Any failure by us, our subsidiaries and business affiliates to effectively manage the challenges associated with the international operation of our and/or their businesses could materially adversely affect our and our subsidiaries’ financial condition.
I-22

Table of Contents
The Company’s ability to use net operating loss and disallowed business interest carryforwards to reduce future tax payments could be negatively impacted.
​
At December 31, 2024, we had a deferred tax asset attributable to state net operating losses and federal and state disallowed business interest carryforwards of $22.2 million and we may carry forward our state net operating losses and federal and state disallowed business interest deductions in certain circumstances to offset current and future taxable income and reduce our income tax liability, subject to certain requirements and restrictions. Under certain state laws, our ability to use our state net operating loss and disallowed business interest carryforwards could be substantially limited. These limits could impact the timing of the usage of our state net operating loss and disallowed business interest carryforwards, thus accelerating state cash tax payments or causing certain state net operating loss carryforwards to expire prior to their use, which could affect the ultimate realization of that deferred tax asset.
Factors Relating to Ownership of Our Common Stock and the Securities Market

Our multi-series structure may depress the trading price of the shares of our common stock.
Our multi-series structure may result in a lower or more volatile market price of the shares of our common stock or in adverse publicity or other adverse consequences. For example, certain index providers have announced restrictions on including companies with multi-series share structures in certain of their indexes. S&P Dow Jones and FTSE Russell have announced changes to their eligibility criteria for inclusion of shares of public companies on certain indices, including the S&P 500. These changes exclude companies with multiple classes of shares of common stock from being added to these indices. Any such exclusion from indices could result in a less active trading market for, and adversely affect the value of, the shares of our common stock, in part because mutual funds, exchange-traded funds and other investment vehicles that attempt to passively track these indices will not be investing in the shares of our common stock. In addition, several stockholder advisory firms have announced their opposition to the use of multiple-class structures. As a result, the multi-series structure of our common stock may cause stockholder advisory firms to publish negative commentary about our corporate governance practices or otherwise seek to cause us to change our capital structure. Any actions or publications by proxy advisory firms critical of our corporate governance practices or capital structure could also adversely affect the value of the shares of our common stock.
It may be difficult for a third-party to acquire us, even if doing so may be beneficial to our stockholders.
Certain provisions of our restated charter and bylaws may discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of us that a stockholder may consider favorable. These provisions include the following:
●
(i) no person may own 10% or more of the number of outstanding shares of our common stock and (ii) no person may (A) own 50% or more of the number of outstanding shares of our common stock or (B) have the ability to exercise control over our business affairs unless, in the case of clause (i) or clause (ii), such person is expressly approved by MLB (which, in the case of clause (i), includes GAMCO Investors, Inc.) or qualifies as an exempt person (which includes Terence F. McGuirk, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Gregory B. Maffei, John C. Malone, or any person approved by MLB as the Control Person of the Braves and certain related persons of the foregoing);
●
authorizing a capital structure with multiple series of common stock: a Series B that entitles the holders to ten votes per share, a Series A that entitles the holders to one vote per share, and a Series C that, except as otherwise required by applicable law, entitles the holders to no voting rights;
●
classifying our board of directors with staggered three-year terms, which may lengthen the time required to gain control of our board of directors;
●
limiting who may call special meetings of stockholders;
●
prohibiting stockholder action by written consent (subject to certain exceptions), thereby requiring stockholder action to be taken at a meeting of the stockholders;
●
requiring stockholder approval by holders of at least 66⅔% of our voting power with respect to certain extraordinary matters, such as a merger or consolidation of us, a sale of all or substantially all of our assets or an amendment to our restated charter (except in the event approved by at least 75% of our board of directors);
I-23

Table of Contents
●
establishing advance notice requirements for nominations of candidates for election to our board of directors or for proposing matters that can be acted upon by stockholders at stockholder meetings; and
●
the existence of authorized and unissued stock, including “blank check” preferred stock, which could be issued by our board of directors to persons friendly to our then current management, thereby protecting the continuity of our management, or which could be used to dilute the stock ownership of persons seeking to obtain control of us.
Our restated charter includes restrictions on the share ownership of our common stock by certain persons, which if triggered would result in an immediate transfer of the applicable number of shares to a trust for the benefit of the applicable transferor. In addition, MLB rules require that any person or group seeking to acquire a controlling interest in us or the Braves must receive the prior approval of MLB. Such limitations and approval requirements may restrict any change of control or business combination opportunities in which our stockholders might receive a premium for shares of our common stock.
To comply with the policies of MLB, our restated charter provides that, subject to certain exceptions: (i) employees of MLB and related entities may not own our common stock, (ii) persons who are owners, stockholders, directors, officers or employees of any MLB Club other than the Braves may not own 5% or more of the number of outstanding shares of our common stock, (iii) no person may own 10% or more of the number of outstanding shares of our common stock and (iv) no person may (A) own 50% or more of the number of outstanding shares of our common stock or (B) have the ability to exercise control over our business affairs unless, in the case of clause (iii) or clause (iv), such person is expressly approved by MLB (which, in the case of clause (iii), includes GAMCO Investors, Inc.) or qualifies as an exempt holder (which includes Terence F. McGuirk, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Gregory B. Maffei, John C. Malone, or any person approved by MLB as the Control Person of the Braves and certain related persons of each of the foregoing). In the event that a holder attempts to acquire shares of our common stock in violation of these restrictions, the applicable excess shares will automatically be transferred to a trust whereby such shares shall be held for the benefit of the excess share transferor, and subject to the ownership or control thresholds described in the above clauses (ii), (iii) and (iv) which is purported to be breached, such excess shares may be sold for cash, on the open market, in privately negotiated transactions or otherwise, except that to the extent the purported transfer is in violation of clause (iv)(B), then such excess shares that are shares of BATRB will first be converted to shares of BATRA. No assurance can be given that the trust will be able to sell the shares at a price that is equal to or greater than the price paid by the holder. In addition, the holder’s right to receive the net proceeds of the sale, as well as any dividends or other distributions to which the holder would otherwise be entitled, will be subject to the holder’s compliance with the applicable mechanics included in our restated charter.
In addition to the influence Dr. Malone, or Mr. McGuirk as proxy as a result of the Malone Voting Agreement, could exercise in respect of his voting power (see “- Factors Relating to our Corporate History and the Split-Off - Dr. Malone owns shares of our common stock representing approximately 48.3% of our aggregate voting power, based on the number of shares of our common stock outstanding as of January 31, 2025), which may be deemed to put him in a position to influence significant corporate actions and may discourage others from initiating a potential change of control transaction that may be beneficial to our stockholders.”), the share ownership limitations and MLB approvals required for certain transfers of shares of our common stock, in each case included in our restated charter, may have an anti-takeover effect, potentially discouraging third parties from making proposals for acquisitions of greater than 10% of our common stock or a change of control transaction. In addition, if MLB does not provide approval of a specific transaction, these provisions could prevent a transaction in which holders of our common stock might receive a premium for their shares over the then-prevailing market price or which our board of directors or stockholders might believe to be otherwise in the best interest of us and our stockholders. 
In the future, we may be deemed a “controlled company” under The Nasdaq Stock Market listing standards, and our stockholders may not have certain corporate governance protections that are available to stockholders of companies that are not controlled companies. 
​
If more than 50% of the voting power for the election of directors of the Company is held by an individual, a group, or another company, we may qualify as a “controlled company” under The Nasdaq Stock Market listing requirements. In the future, Dr. Malone, together with his affiliates, or any group members, may control a majority of the voting power of our outstanding stock (see “- Factors Relating to our Corporate History and the Split-Off - Dr. Malone owns shares of our common stock representing approximately 48.3% of our aggregate voting power, based on the number of shares of our common stock outstanding as of January 31, 2025). As a result, we may be deemed a “controlled company” and would not be subject to the 
I-24

Table of Contents
requirements that would otherwise require us to have: (i) a majority of independent directors; (ii) a nominating committee comprised solely of independent directors; (iii) compensation of our executive officers determined by a majority of the independent directors or a compensation committee comprised solely of independent directors; and (iv) director nominees selected, or recommended for the Board’s selection, either by a majority of the independent directors or a nominating committee comprised solely of independent directors. 
​
Our multi-series voting structure may limit your ability to influence corporate matters and future issuances of BATRB may further dilute voting power of shares of BATRA.
Our common stock is divided into three series of common stock: BATRA, BATRB and BATRK. Holders of record of BATRA are entitled to one vote for each share of such stock and holders of record of BATRB are entitled to ten votes for each share of such stock on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders. Holders of record of BATRK will not be entitled to any voting rights, except as otherwise required by Nevada law. When so required, holders of record of BATRK will be entitled to 1/100th of a vote for each share of such stock. Our restated charter does not provide for cumulative voting in the election of directors and permits future issuances of BATRA, BATRB and BATRK. Any future issuances of BATRA, BATRB or BATRK may dilute your interest in the Company.
The holders of any series of our common stock, or the holders of our common stock as a whole, may not have any remedies if an action by our directors or officers prioritizes other interests or has a disparate effect on our common stock or any series thereof.
Principles of Nevada law and the provisions of our restated charter may protect decisions of our board of directors that weigh interests different from those of the holders of our common stock, or any series thereof, or that have a disparate impact upon holders of any series of our common stock. Under Nevada law, the board of directors has the duty to exercise its powers in good faith and with a view to the interests of the corporation. In doing so, the board of directors may consider all relevant facts, circumstances, contingencies or constituencies, including, without limitation, the interests of the corporation’s employees, suppliers, creditors or customers; the economy of the state or the nation; the interests of the community or of society; the long-term or short-term interests of the corporation, including the possibility that these interests may be best served by the continued independence of the corporation; or the long-term or short-term interests of the corporation’s stockholders, including the possibility that these interests may be best served by the continued independence of the corporation. Directors may consider or assign weight to the interests of any particular person or group, or to any other relevant facts, circumstances, contingencies or constituencies and are not required to consider, as a dominant factor, the effect of a proposed corporate action upon any particular group or constituency having an interest in the corporation. Under the principles of Nevada law referred to above and Nevada’s codified business judgment rule (which provides that directors and officers, in deciding upon matters of business, are presumed to act in good faith, on an informed basis and with a view to the interests of the corporation), you may not be successful in challenging these decisions if a majority of our board of directors is disinterested, independent and adequately informed with respect to decisions of the board and acts in good faith and in the honest belief that the board is acting in the best interests of the corporation.
General Risk Facto
rs
Weak or uncertain economic conditions may impact our business, including reduced consumer demand for products, services and events offered by us.

A weak or uncertain economy and any recession could adversely affect demand for our products, services and events. A substantial portion of our revenue is derived from discretionary spending by individuals on tickets, including postseason games, concessions, merchandise, suites and premium seat fees, which typically falls during times of economic instability. In addition, weak or uncertain economic conditions and reductions in discretionary spending may adversely impact the demand for products and services of our Mixed-Use Development lessees which may weaken the financial condition of such lessees. As a result, such lessees may delay lease commencement, fail to make rental payments or become insolvent. See “- Negative market conditions or adverse events affecting existing or potential lessees of the Mixed-Use Development or the industries in which they operate, could have an adverse impact on our ability to attract new lessees, re-lease space, collect rent or renew leases at the Mixed-Use Development, which could adversely affect our cash flow from operations and inhibit growth” above. Accordingly, our ability to increase or maintain revenue and earnings could be adversely affected to the extent that relevant economic environments decline. Furthermore, during periods of high inflation, our operational costs (including labor costs) 
I-25

Table of Contents
may increase, or our customers’ discretionary income may be adversely impacted. We are currently unable to predict the extent of any of these potential adverse effects in the future. 
Our directors and officers have significant protections from individual liability under Nevada law.

Nevada law has a provision limiting or eliminating the individual liability of both directors and officers unless the articles of incorporation provide for greater liability, which our restated charter does not. A director or officer of a Nevada corporation is not individually liable to us or our stockholders or creditors for acts or omissions as a director or officer, unless:
●
the statutory presumption that such director or officer acted in good faith, on an informed basis and with a view to the interests of the corporation has been rebutted; and
●
it is proven both that the act or omission constituted a breach of a fiduciary duty as a director or officer and that such breach involved intentional misconduct, fraud or a knowing violation of law.
Our restated charter provides that the Eighth Judicial District Court of the State of Nevada shall be the exclusive forum for certain litigation that may be initiated by our stockholders, and that the federal courts shall be the exclusive forum for claims under the Securities Act; these provisions could limit our stockholders’ ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees.
Our restated charter provides that, subject to limited exceptions, the Eighth Judicial District Court of the State of Nevada in Clark County, Nevada (the “Nevada Eighth Judicial District Court”) (or if the Nevada Eighth Judicial District Court does not have jurisdiction, any other state district court located in the State of Nevada, and if no state district court in the State of Nevada has jurisdiction, any federal court located in the State of Nevada) shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the exclusive forum for certain specified types of “internal actions” as defined under Nevada law, including (a) those brought in our name or right or on our behalf; (b) those for or based upon a breach of fiduciary duty against any director, officer, employee or agent of ours in such capacity; (c) those arising pursuant to, or to interpret, apply, enforce or determine the validity of, any provision of the Nevada corporation laws, the articles of incorporation, the bylaws or certain voting agreements or trusts.
In addition, our restated charter provides that the federal district courts of the United States shall be, to the fullest extent provided by law, the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action under the Securities Act. In addition, Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder.
These choice of forum provisions may otherwise limit a stockholder’s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers, employees or agents, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors, officers, employees and agents. Stockholders who do bring a claim in the Nevada Eighth Judicial District Court could face additional litigation costs in pursuing any such claim, particularly if they do not reside in or near Las Vegas, Nevada. The Nevada Eighth Judicial District Court may also reach different judgments or results than would other courts, including courts where a stockholder considering an action may be located or would otherwise choose to bring the action, and such judgments or results may be more favorable to us than to our stockholders. Similarly, the federal district courts may also reach different judgments in Securities Act cases than state courts. Alternatively, if a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in our restated charter to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business and financial condition.
Our internal controls around accounting and financial reporting may not be adequate to ensure complete, accurate and timely reporting of our financial position, results of operations, comprehensive earnings and cash flows, in which case our business may be harmed, our stock price could be adversely affected, and we may otherwise experience other adverse consequences. 
The Exchange Act requires that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with respect to our business and financial condition. Under the Sarbanes Oxley Act, we are required to maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls over financial reporting. Any failure to achieve and maintain effective internal controls could cause us to fail to meet our financial reporting obligations or result in material misstatements in our financial statements, which could adversely affect 
I-26

Table of Contents
our business generally and lead to other adverse consequences, including, without limitation, the loss of investor confidence in us, reduction of our stock price, and exposure to litigation or government investigations and/or sanctions.  
Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments
None.
Item 1C. Cybersecurity
Risk Management and Strategy
Due to the utilization of technology, Atlanta Braves Holdings is subject to material risks from cybersecurity threats. Accordingly, we have 
committed to protecting the security and integrity of our systems, networks, databases and applications
 and, as a result, have implemented processes designed to prevent, assess, identify, and manage material risks associated with cybersecurity threats
.
Cybersecurity risks are assessed as 
part
 of our enterprise risk assessment and risk management program and our cybersecurity risk management program is designed and assessed based on recognized frameworks, including the National Institute of Standards and Technology Cybersecurity Framework.
We rely on a multidisciplinary team, including our information security function, legal department, management, and 
third-party
 consultants, as described further below, to identify, assess, and manage cybersecurity threats and risks. We identify and assess risks from cybersecurity threats by monitoring and evaluating our threat environment and our risk profile using various methods, including using manual and automated tools such as vulnerability scanning software, monitoring existing and emerging cybersecurity threats, analyzing reports of threats and threat actors, conducting scans of the threat environment, evaluating our industry’s risk profile, utilizing internal and external audits and assessments, and conducting threat and vulnerability assessments. 
To manage and mitigate material risks from cybersecurity threats to our information systems and data, we implement and maintain various technical, physical and organizational measures, processes and policies. These measures include risk assessments, incident detection and response, vulnerability management, disaster recovery and business continuity plans, internal controls within our IT, security and other departments, encryption of data, network security controls, access controls, physical security, asset management, system monitoring, vendor risk management program, employee cybersecurity awareness and training, phishing tests, and penetration testing. 
In the event of a potential cybersecurity incident, or a series of related cybersecurity incidents, we have cybersecurity incident response frameworks in place to respond in a timely and appropriate manner. These frameworks are a set of coordinated procedures and tasks that our incident response teams execute with the goal of ensuring timely and accurate identification, resolution and reporting of cybersecurity incidents both internally and externally, as necessary.
To operate our business, we utilize certain third-party service providers to perform a variety of operational functions. We have implemented a third-party risk management program to evaluate the cybersecurity practices of higher risk vendors and vendors that encounter our systems or data. We additionally engage and retain third-party consultants, legal advisors and assessors to keep us apprised of emerging third-party risk, defense and mitigation strategies, and governance best practices. 
Impact of cybersecurity risks on business strategy, results of operations or financial condition
As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we are not aware of any risks from cybersecurity threats that have 
materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect our business strategy, results of operations or financial condition.
For additional information on our cybersecurity risks, see “
Data loss or other breaches or disruptions of our information systems and information system security could materially harm our business and results of operations."
 in Part I, Item 1A – “Risk Factors” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
I-27

Table of Contents
Governance
Role of the Board of Directors
Our board of directors has overall responsibility for risk oversight and has delegated to the 
Audit Committee
 primary enterprise risk oversight responsibility, including privacy and cybersecurity risk exposures, policies and practices, the steps management takes to detect, monitor and mitigate such risks and the potential impact of those exposures on our business, financial results, operations and reputation. The Audit Committee receives quarterly updates on the enterprise risk management program the CESC (as defined below) including cybersecurity risks and the initiatives undertaken to identify, assess and mitigate such risks. This cybersecurity reporting may include threat and incident reporting, vulnerability detection reporting, risk mitigation metrics, systems and security operations updates, employee education initiatives, and internal audit observations, if applicable.
In addition to the efforts undertaken by the Audit Committee, the full board of directors regularly reviews matters relating to cybersecurity risk and cybersecurity risk management. Any material cybersecurity events would be brought to the attention of the full board of directors once the event is deemed material. We additionally use our incident response framework as part of the process we employ to keep our management and board of directors informed and to monitor the prevention, detection, mitigation, and remediation of cybersecurity incidents.
Role of Management
We have established a cross functional 
Cybersecurity Executive Steering Committee (“CESC”)
 led by our Senior Vice President (“SVP”) and Head of Technology Services, Chief Legal Officer, Chief Financial Officer and other executives from our Legal, Accounting, Cybersecurity and Facilities departments. The CESC meets at least quarterly and has primary 
management oversight responsibility for assessing and managing information security
, data protection and privacy, and cybersecurity risks.
Our SVP and Head of Technology Services, together with the Director Cybersecurity and IT Infrastructure, is responsible for day-to-day management and oversight of our cybersecurity, including assessing, monitoring and mitigating cybersecurity risk. The SVP and Head of Technology Services provides regular reporting to Braves Holdings executive management, the CESC and the Audit Committee. 
A Compliance Committee has also been established and is responsible for overseeing and monitoring all corporate compliance initiatives at Braves Holdings, including cybersecurity. The Compliance Committee is composed of members of the CESC as well as the Braves Holdings executive leadership team, including the President and Chief Executive Officers of the Baseball and Development divisions, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Legal Officer. 
The SVP and Head of Technology Services provides periodic updates to the Compliance Committee on cybersecurity risks and initiatives as well as any cybersecurity events, as applicable.

Our management team’s experience includes a diverse background in telecom, financial services and other industries, with decades of experience in various aspects of technology and cybersecurity. Our SVP and Head of Technology Services has more than 30 years of leadership experience, including delivering technology solutions and designing and building new business strategies in regulated businesses and our Director Cybersecurity and IT Infrastructure has more than 20 years of cybersecurity and information technology experience and is a Certified Information System Security Professional. Together this management team has worked at a variety of companies, including large publicly traded companies, implementing and managing IT and cybersecurity programs and teams, developing tools and processes to protect internal networks, business applications, customer facing applications and customer payment systems.