ITEM 3.

Legal Proceedings

27

ITEM 4.

Mine Safety Disclosures

29

PART II

ITEM 5.

Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

30

ITEM 6.

[Reserved]

31

ITEM 7.

Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

32

ITEM 7A.

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

38

ITEM 8.

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

38

ITEM 9.

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure

38

ITEM 9A.

Controls and Procedures

39

ITEM 9B.

Other Information

40
ITEM 9C.
Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections
40

PART III

ITEM 10.

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance

41

ITEM 11.

Executive Compensation

41

ITEM 12.

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters

41

ITEM 13.

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence

41

ITEM 14.

Principal Accounting Fees and Services

41

PART IV

ITEM 15.

Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules

42

ITEM 16.
Form 10-K Summary
45

Signatures and Power of Attorney

46
PART I
This Annual Report on Form 10-K (“Form 10-K”) contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (“Exchange Act”), and Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (“Securities Act”). All statements contained in this Form 10-K, other than statements of historical fact, are forward-looking statements. When used in this report, the words “believe,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “plan,” “estimate,” “expect,” “may,” “will,” “should,” “would,” “could,” “seek” and similar expressions are forward-looking statements based on management’s current expectations. The absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements about:
•
our ability to manufacture, market and sell Korlym
®
 (mifepristone) 300 mg Tablets (“Korlym”) and an authorized generic version of Korlym (collectively, our “Products”);
•
the impact of possible future competition on our Products or our product candidates;
•
estimates regarding enrollment in and the completion dates of our clinical trials and the anticipated results of these trials;
•
the progress and timing of our research and development programs and the regulatory activities associated with them;
•
the timing of regulatory submissions seeking approval of product candidates and the commercialization of any product candidates that are approved;
•
our estimates for future performance, including revenue, income and capital requirements;
•
our ability to manufacture, market, commercialize and achieve market acceptance for our product candidates; and
•
uncertainties associated with obtaining and enforcing patents.
Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and are not guarantees of future performance. Actual events or results may differ materially for many reasons. For a more detailed discussion of the risks and uncertainties that may affect the accuracy of our forward-looking statements, see the “Risk Factors,” “Overview” and “Liquidity and Capital Resources” sections of the “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” sections of this Form 10-K. You should also carefully consider the other reports and documents we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”).
Forward-looking statements in this Form 10-K reflect our view only as of the date of this report. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update forward-looking statements.
Unless stated otherwise, all references in this document to “we,” “us,” “our,” “Corcept,” the “Company,” “our company” and similar words and phrases refer to Corcept Therapeutics Incorporated.