ITEM 3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
Teva Patent Litigation
In February 2018, we received a Paragraph IV Notice Letter advising that Teva Pharmaceuticals USA, Inc. (“Teva”) had submitted an Abbreviated New Drug Application (“ANDA”) to the FDA seeking authorization to manufacture and sell a generic version of Korlym prior to the expiration of patents related to Korlym that are listed in the FDA’s Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic Equivalence Evaluations (the “Orange Book”). In March 2018, we filed a lawsuit in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey (“D.N.J.”) against Teva for infringement of our patents. In August 2020, Teva received final approval from the FDA for its ANDA in accordance with the Hatch-Waxman Act.
In May 2019, Teva submitted to the Patent Trial and Appeal Board (“PTAB”) a petition for post-grant review (“PGR”) of U.S. Patent No. 10,195,214 (the “’214 patent”). In November 2020, the PTAB issued a decision upholding the validity of the ’214 patent in its entirety, which decision the Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit upheld. This matter is closed.
The patents currently at issue in the D.N.J matter are the ʼ214 patent and U.S. Patent No. 10,842,800 (the “’800 patent”).

Trial was held from September 26, 2023 through September 28, 2023 before Judge Renee Marie Bumb. On December 29, 2023, Judge Bumb ruled that Teva’s proposed generic product would not infringe either the ’214 or ’800 patent.

We have appealed that ruling to the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit. Teva launched its generic product in January 2024.
We will vigorously enforce our intellectual property rights relating to Korlym but cannot predict the outcome of these matters.
Antitrust Litigation
On June 13, 2024, Teva filed a complaint in the Northern District of California, captioned 
Teva Pharmaceuticals USA, Inc. v. Corcept Therapeutics, Inc., et al.
 (N.D. Cal.), Case No. 3:24-cv-03567-BLF (the “Teva Antitrust Litigation”). This lawsuit names Corcept and Optime Care, Inc. (“Optime”), our single specialty pharmacy that dispenses Korlym and the authorized generic version of Korlym and performs related pharmacy and patient support services, as defendants. The lawsuit alleges, among other things, that Corcept has violated federal and state laws related to antitrust and unfair business practices. 
27
On August 26, 2024, Corcept and Optime filed motions to dismiss the complaint. On September 13, 2024, Teva filed a First Amended Complaint, and on October 14, 2024, Corcept and Optime moved to dismiss the First Amended Complaint.
On February 10, 2025, several named plaintiffs filed a complaint against Corcept in the Alameda County Superior Court for the State of California, captioned, 
Aetna Inc., Health Care Service Corporation, Humana Inc. and Molina Healthcare Inc. vs. Corcept Therapeutics, Inc
., Case No. 25CV110493. This lawsuit names Corcept as the sole defendant and includes allegations substantially similar to those made in the Teva Antitrust Litigation. Corcept’s response to the Complaint is due on March 17, 2025.
Other Litigation
In March 2019, a purported securities class action complaint was filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California by Nicholas Melucci (
Melucci v. Corcept Therapeutics Incorporated, et al.
, Case No. 5:19-cv-01372-LHK) (the “Melucci litigation”). The complaint named us and certain of our executive officers as defendants asserting violations of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder and alleged that the defendants made false and materially misleading statements and failed to disclose adverse facts about our business, operations and prospects. The complaint asserted a putative class period extending from August 2, 2017 to February 5, 2019 and sought unspecified monetary relief, interest and attorneys’ fees. On June 6, 2024, Judge James Donato of the United States District Court for the Northern District of California granted final approval of a settlement resolving all claims in the Melucci litigation (the “Melucci Settlement”). As previously disclosed, the Melucci Settlement required us to make a one-time payment of $14 million for which our insurers reimbursed us in full. On September 6, 2024, Judge Donato approved the Plan of Allocation for payment of the settlement funds to eligible members of the class of plaintiffs. This matter is closed.
In September 2019, a purported shareholder derivative complaint was filed in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware by Lauren Williams, captioned 
Lauren Williams v. G. Leonard Baker, et al.
, Civil Action No. 1:19-cv-01830. A second nearly identical lawsuit was filed in December 2019 in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware by Jeweltex Pension Plan, captioned 
Jeweltex Pension Plan v. James N. Wilson, et al.
, Civil Action No. 1:19-cv-02308. These complaints named the then-existing members of our board of directors, our Chief Executive Officer and our current Chief Business Officer as defendants, and Corcept as a nominal defendant. The complaints allege breach of fiduciary duty, violation of Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act, insider selling, misappropriation of insider information and waste of corporate assets and seek damages in an amount to be proved at trial. These actions had been stayed pending resolution of the Melucci litigation. On June 21, 2024, the United States District Court for the District of Delaware lifted the stays on the Williams and Jeweltex cases and consolidated these two cases into one case.
In January 2022, a purported shareholder derivative complaint was filed in the Delaware Court of Chancery by Joel B. Ritchie, captioned 
Joel B. Ritchie v. G. Leonard Baker, et al.
, Case No. 2022-0102-SG. The complaint named certain members of our Board of Directors, our Chief Executive Officer, our current Chief Business Officer and our President of Corcept Endocrinology as defendants, and Corcept as nominal defendant. The complaint alleges a single cause of action for breach of fiduciary duty. The complaint seeks damages in an amount to be proved at trial. On March 22, 2024, the Court lifted a previously-entered stay, which had been pending the resolution of the Melucci litigation, and on May 3, 2024, we filed a Motion to Dismiss this complaint. We cannot predict when the Court will rule on this motion.
Given the overlapping allegations in these shareholder derivative actions, we and the individual defendants have filed a One Forum Motion in both the United States District Court for the District of Delaware and the Delaware Court of Chancery requesting that the Courts coordinate to determine in which jurisdiction (Federal or Chancery Court) these matters should first proceed. The matters pending in the Federal Court have been stayed pending the Chancery Court’s ruling on our Motion to Dismiss.
We will respond vigorously to the above allegations but cannot predict the outcome of these matters.
Records Subpoena
In November 2021, we received a records subpoena from the United States Attorney’s Office for the District of New Jersey (the “NJ USAO”) pursuant to Section 248 of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (“HIPAA”) seeking information relating to the sale and promotion of Korlym, our relationships with and payments to health care professionals who can prescribe or recommend Korlym and prior authorizations and reimbursement for Korlym. The NJ USAO has informed us that it is investigating whether any criminal or civil violations by us occurred in connection with the matters referenced in the subpoena. It has also informed us that it does not currently consider us a defendant but rather an entity whose conduct is within the scope of the government’s investigation.
28
In addition to the above-described matters, we are involved from time-to-time in other legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of our business. Although the outcome of any such matters and the amount, if any, of our liability with respect to them cannot be predicted with certainty, we do not believe that they will have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial position.
ITEM 4.  MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES
Not applicable.
29
PART II
ITEM 5.  MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
Market Information
Our common stock is traded on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol “CORT.”
Stockholders of Record and Dividends
As of February 18, 2025, we had 105,503,432 shares of common stock outstanding held by 522 stockholders of record. Because almost all of our common stock is held by brokers, nominees and other institutions on behalf of stockholders, we are unable to estimate the actual number of our stockholders. We have never declared or paid cash dividends. We do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future.
Sale of Unregistered Securities
None.
Repurchases of Securities
The following table contains information relating to the purchases of our common stock in the three months ended December 31, 2024 as part of the cashless net exercises of stock options and vesting of restricted stock (in thousands, except average price per share):
Fiscal Period
Total Number of Shares Purchased
(1)
Average Price Per Share
Total Purchase Price of Shares
(2)
October 1, 2024 to October 31, 2024
11 
$
46.78 
$
520 
November 1, 2024 to November 30, 2024
122 
54.79 
6,716 
December 1, 2024 to December 31, 2024
128 
52.92 
6,760 
Total
261 
$
53.53 
$
13,996 
(1) In October 2024, we issued 7,574 shares of common stock as part of net-share settlement of cashless option exercises, of which 3,448 shares were surrendered to us in satisfaction of related exercise cost and tax obligations. In November 2024, we issued 212,261 shares of common stock as part of net-share settlement of cashless option exercises, of which 104,456 shares were surrendered to us. In December 2024, we issued 197,059 shares of common stock as part of net-share settlement of cashless option exercises, of which 113,449 shares were surrendered to us.
In October 2024, we issued 21,847 shares of common stock as part of restricted stock vesting, of which 7,661 shares were surrendered to us in satisfaction of related tax obligations. In November 2024, we issued 51,391 shares of common stock as part of restricted stock vesting, of which 18,122 shares were surrendered to us. In December 2024, we issued 42,230 shares of common stock as part of restricted stock vesting, of which 14,303 shares were surrendered to us.
(2) We paid $7.0 million to satisfy the tax withholding obligations associated with the net-share settlement of these cashless option exercises and restricted stock vesting.
Market Performance Graph
The graph and the accompanying text below is not “soliciting material,” is not deemed filed with the SEC and is not to be incorporated by reference in any filings by us under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, whether made before or after the date hereof and irrespective of any general incorporation language in such filing.
We have elected to use the Nasdaq US Benchmark TR Index and Nasdaq Biotechnology Index (consisting of a group of 120 companies in the biotechnology sector, including us) for purposes of the performance comparison that appears below.
The graph shows the cumulative total stockholder return assuming the investment of $100 and the reinvestment of any dividends and is based on the returns of the component companies weighted according to their market capitalizations as of the end of the period for which returns are indicated. We have never paid dividends on our common stock.
The return shown in the graph below for our common stock is not necessarily indicative of future performance. We do not make or endorse any predictions as to future stockholder returns.
30
Five-Year Cumulative Total Returns of our Common Stock (CORT),
the Nasdaq US Benchmark TR Index (NQUSBT) and
the Nasdaq Biotechnology Index (NBI)
ITEM 6.  [RESERVED]
31
ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
The following Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (“MD&A”) is intended to help the reader understand our results of operations and financial condition and is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes to financial statements, risk factors and other disclosures included in this Form 10-K. Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (“U.S. GAAP”).
We make statements in this section that are “forward-looking” within the meaning of the federal securities laws. For a complete discussion of such statements and the potential risks and uncertainties that may affect their accuracy, see the “Risk Factors” section of this Form 10-K and the “Overview” and “Liquidity and Capital Resources” sections of this MD&A. Discussions of 2022 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2023 and 2022 are not included, and can be found in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in Part II, Item 7 of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023.
Overview
We are a commercial-stage company engaged in the discovery and development of medications to treat severe endocrinologic, oncologic, metabolic and neurologic disorders by modulating the effects of the hormone cortisol. Since 2012, we have marketed Korlym in the United States for the treatment of patients suffering from hypercortisolism (also known as “Cushing’s syndrome”). In June 2024, we made available an authorized generic version of Korlym for the same indication. Our portfolio of proprietary selective cortisol modulators consists of four structurally distinct series totaling more than 1,000 compounds.
Hypercortisolism (Cushing’s Syndrome)
Our Products.
 We sell Korlym and a generic version of Korlym in the United States (our “Products”), using sales representatives to call on physicians caring for patients with hypercortisolism. We also have a field-based force of medical science liaisons. We use a specialty pharmacy and a specialty distributor to distribute our Products and provide logistical support to physicians and patients. Our policy is that no patient with hypercortisolism will be denied access to our Products for financial reasons. To help us achieve that goal, we have patient support programs and donate money to independent charitable foundations that help patients pay for all aspects of their hypercortisolism care, whether or not that care includes taking our Products.
Because most people who suffer from hypercortisolism are undiagnosed or inadequately treated, we have developed and continue to refine and expand programs to educate physicians and patients about screening for hypercortisolism and the role our Products can play in treating patients with the disorder. In 2024, we conducted the CATALYST study to determine the prevalence of hypercortisolism in patients with difficult-to-control diabetes (defined as HbA1c of 7.5 percent or higher) despite receiving optimum treatment. Of the 1,057 patients enrolled in the first phase of CATALYST, 23.8 percent were found to have hypercortisolism. These patients were offered the chance to enter CATALYST’s second phase, in which 136 eligible patients were randomized 2:1 to receive either Korlym or placebo for 24 weeks. CATALYST’s primary endpoint was the difference in HbA1c in patients who received Korlym compared to patients who received placebo. Patients who received Korlym exhibited a clinically meaningful and statistically significant improvement in hemoglobin A1c, with a decrease from baseline of 1.47 percent, compared to a decrease of 0.15 percent in patients who received placebo (p-value: < 0.0001). The safety profile of Korlym in CATALYST was consistent with the medication’s label: No new side effects or adverse events were identified. 
The CATALYST data will help physicians better identify patients with hypercortisolism and determine their optimal treatment.
Relacorilant.
 We are developing our proprietary, selective cortisol modulator, relacorilant, as a treatment for patients with hypercortisolism. Relacorilant shares Korlym’s affinity for the GR but, unlike Korlym, has no affinity for the PR and so is not the “abortion pill” and does not cause other effects associated with PR affinity, including endometrial thickening and vaginal bleeding. Because relacorilant does not meaningfully increase cortisol levels, it does not cause hypokalemia (low potassium), a potentially serious condition that is a leading cause of patients stopping treatment with Korlym. Forty-four percent of patients in Korlym’s pivotal trial experienced hypokalemia. Unlike all other medications used to treat hypercortisolism, relacorilant does not prolong the heart’s QT interval, a potentially deadly off-target effect.
In December 2024, we submitted an NDA to the FDA seeking approval to market relacorilant as a treatment for patients with endogenous hypercortisolism. The NDA is based on positive results from our pivotal trial “GRACE”, as well as confirmatory evidence from our Phase 3 “GRADIENT” trial, our Phase 3 long-term extension study and our Phase 2 study. In 
32
all of these trials, patients exhibited clinically meaningful improvements in a wide range of hypercortisolism signs and symptoms, including hypertension, glucose control, weight and body composition. Relacorilant was well-tolerated in all of the trials. Notably, patients did not experience some of the serious adverse events that can arise in patients taking Korlym or other currently approved treatments.
The GRACE trial had two-parts. The first, open-label phase enrolled 152 patients with any etiology of hypercortisolism. Each patient received relacorilant for 22 weeks. Patients who exhibited pre-specified improvements in either hypertension, hyperglycemia or both symptoms proceeded to GRACE’s second, double-blind, randomized withdrawal phase, in which half of the patients continued to receive relacorilant and half received placebo for 12 weeks. GRACE’s primary endpoint was the number of patients in the relacorilant group who lost blood pressure control compared to the number who lost blood pressure control in the placebo group.
In the open-label phase, patients experienced clinically meaningful and statistically significant improvements in a wide-array of hypercortisolism signs and symptoms, including hypertension, hyperglycemia, weight, waist circumference, fat and lean body mass, cognition and Cushing’s Quality of Life score. Rapid and sustained improvements in systolic blood pressure (“SBP”) and diastolic blood pressure (“DBP”) were observed in all patients with hypertension, with an improvement in mean SBP of 7.9 mm Hg and mean DBP of 5.4 mm Hg at 22 weeks (p-values: <0.0001). During the open-label phase, 63 percent of patients with hypertension met the study’s response criteria. The improvements were even greater in the patients with hypertension who entered the randomized withdrawal phase, with reductions in SBP of 12.6 mm Hg and DBP of 8.3 mm Hg (p-values: <0.0001). To ensure accuracy, hypertension was measured by 24-hour ambulatory blood pressure monitoring (“ABPM”).
Glucose metabolism was measured by several diagnostic tests, including the oral glucose tolerance test (glucose area under the curve or AUCglucose), hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) and fasting glucose. In the open-label phase, clinically meaningful and statistically significant improvements in glucose metabolism were observed in patients with diabetes or impaired glucose tolerance (i.e., pre-diabetes), with reductions in AUCglucose of 3.3 h*mmol/L, HbA1c of 0.3 percent and fasting glucose of 12.4 mg/dL at 22 weeks (p-values: <0.0001, 0.03, 0.03, respectively). During the open-label phase, 50 percent of patients with hyperglycemia met the study’s response criteria. Patients with hyperglycemia who entered the randomized withdrawal phase exhibited more pronounced improvements, with reductions in AUCglucose of 6.2 h*mmol/L, HbA1c of 0.7 percent and fasting glucose of 25.2 mg/dL at 22 weeks (p-values: <0.0001, <0.0001, 0.006, respectively).
GRACE met its primary endpoint. Patients with hypertension who were switched to placebo in the randomized withdrawal phase were significantly more likely to lose blood pressure control than were patients who continued to receive relacorilant (odds ratio: 0.17; p-value: 0.02). Patients who continued to receive relacorilant also maintained their improvements in hyperglycemia, waist circumference, fat and lean tissue mass, while patients who received placebo experienced a significant worsening of hypercortisolism signs and symptoms.
Our Phase 3 GRADIENT study enrolled patients with hypercortisolism caused by adrenal adenomas or adrenal hyperplasia. These patients have a more gradual decline than patients with other etiologies of hypercortisolism, although their health outcomes are ultimately poor. GRADIENT enrolled 137 patients with hypercortisolism and either hypertension, hyperglycemia or both. Patients were randomized on a double-blind basis 1:1 to receive either relacorilant or placebo for 22 weeks. The trial’s primary endpoint was the improvement compared to placebo in systolic blood pressure with glycemic control, weight and body composition as secondary endpoints.
Patients in GRADIENT who received relacorilant exhibited clinically meaningful and statistically significant improvements in hypertension, hyperglycemia, weight and body composition compared to baseline, while patients who received placebo did not. 
GRADIENT patients with hypertension who received relacorilant experienced a reduction in systolic blood pressure of 6.6 mm Hg (p-value 0.012) compared to baseline. The reduction in patients who received placebo was 2.1 mm Hg (p-value: ns) compared to baseline. The comparison between those who received relacorilant and placebo was not statistically significant. During the study, five patients who received placebo required rescue therapy with anti-hypertension medications, compared to one patient who received relacorilant. To ensure accuracy, hypertension was measured by 24-hour ambulatory blood pressure monitoring.
GRADIENT patients with hyperglycemia who received relacorilant experienced clinically meaningful and statistically significant improvements in glucose metabolism, including fasting glucose (placebo-adjusted reduction of 22.2 mg/dL; p-value 0.002), area under the curve of the oral glucose tolerance test (placebo-adjusted reduction of 2.6 h*mmol/L; p-value 0.046) and hemoglobin A1c (placebo-adjusted reduction of 0.3 percent; p-value 0.019), compared to those who received placebo.
33
Patients in GRADIENT who received relacorilant experienced clinically meaningful and statistically significant improvements in body weight (placebo-adjusted reduction of 3.9 kg; p-value: 0.0001) and visceral adipose fat mass and volume (p-values: 0.018 and 0.016, respectively), compared to patients who received placebo.
Relacorilant was well-tolerated in GRADIENT, with side effects consistent with its other clinical trials. The most common adverse events were mild-to-moderate nausea, edema, pain in the extremities and back, and fatigue – all symptoms associated with the “cortisol withdrawal” many patients experience when cortisol activity reverts to a more normal level, following surgery or the start of medical therapy for hypercortisolism. Importantly, there were no relacorilant-induced instances of hypokalemia, endometrial hypertrophy or drug-induced vaginal bleeding, adrenal insufficiency or QT prolongation.
Patients who completed our Phase 2 study or the GRACE or GRADIENT trials were eligible to enter our open-label, long-term extension study. Of the 116 patients who chose to do so, the duration of the treatment has been up to six years. In December 2024, we announced that patients who remained in the study for 24 months exhibited, at that time, further clinically meaningful and statistically significant reductions in systolic (10.0 mm Hg; p-value: 0.012) and diastolic blood pressure (7.3 mm Hg; p-value: 0.016), compared to their blood pressure at entry into the long-term extension study. These patients had also maintained response in other cardiometabolic measures, such as glycemic control and body weight. Consistent with its known safety profile, relacorilant was well-tolerated.
The FDA and the EC have designated relacorilant as an orphan drug for the treatment of hypercortisolism. In the United States, relacorilant’s orphan designation confers tax credits, reduced regulatory fees and, provided we obtain approval for the treatment of patients with hypercortisolism, seven years of exclusive marketing rights. Benefits of orphan drug designation by the EC are similar, but also include protocol assistance from the EMA, access to the centralized marketing authorization procedure in the EU and, if we obtain approval, ten years of exclusive marketing rights in the EU for the treatment of patients with hypercortisolism.
Oncology
There is substantial evidence that cortisol activity at the GR reduces the efficacy of certain anti-cancer therapies and that modulating cortisol’s activity may help anti-cancer treatments achieve their intended effect. In some cancers, cortisol retards cellular apoptosis – the tumor-killing effect many treatments are meant to stimulate. In other cancers, cortisol activity promotes tumor growth. Cortisol also suppresses the body’s immune response; activating – not suppressing – the immune system is beneficial in fighting certain cancers. Many types of solid tumors express the GR and are potential targets for cortisol modulation therapy, among them ovarian, adrenal and prostate cancer.
Relacorilant in Patients with Platinum-Resistant Ovarian Cancer.
 We are conducting a pivotal Phase 3 trial (“ROSELLA”) of our proprietary, selective cortisol modulator, relacorilant combined with nab-paclitaxel as a treatment for patients with platinum-resistant ovarian cancer. Enrollment in ROSELLA is complete. Three hundred eighty-one women with recurrent, platinum-resistant ovarian cancer were randomized 1:1 to receive either 150 mg of relacorilant intermittently in addition to nab-paclitaxel or nab-paclitaxel monotherapy. ROSELLA has dual primary endpoints – progression free survival (“PFS”) and overall survival (“OS”). ROSELLA will have a statistically positive outcome if either endpoint is met. Patients enrolled in ROSELLA were required to have received prior bevacizumab therapy, which is the approved standard of care for patients with platinum-resistant ovarian cancer. Women with a history of tumors that do not respond to initial platinum-based treatments (i.e., women with “primary platinum-refractory” disease) and those who have received more than three prior lines of therapy were excluded.
ROSELLA seeks to replicate the positive results of our Phase 2 trial, a 178-patient, controlled, multi-center, trial of relacorilant combined with nab-paclitaxel in patients with platinum-resistant ovarian cancer. Phase 2 study participants were randomized to one of three treatment arms: 60 women received 150 mg of relacorilant intermittently (the day before, the day of and the day after their weekly nab-paclitaxel infusion) and 58 women received a daily relacorilant dose of 100 mg per day in addition to nab-paclitaxel. Sixty women received nab-paclitaxel alone. The trial’s primary endpoint was PFS.
Patients in both of the relacorilant plus nab-paclitaxel treatment arms of the Phase 2 trial experienced longer PFS than did the patients who received nab-paclitaxel alone. Patients who received a higher dose of relacorilant intermittently exhibited a statistically significant improvement in median PFS (5.6 months versus 3.8 months, hazard ratio: 0.66; p-value: 0.038). Patients who received a lower dose of relacorilant daily exhibited a median PFS that was 1.5 months longer than did the patients who received nab-paclitaxel alone (5.3 months versus 3.8 months, hazard ratio: 0.83; p-value: not significant). Patients who received relacorilant intermittently also had a longer median duration of response (“DoR”) (5.6 months versus 3.7 months, hazard ratio: 0.36; p-value: 0.006) compared to those who received nab-paclitaxel alone. Patients who received relacorilant intermittently also lived longer (median OS: 13.9 months versus 12.2 months, hazard ratio: 0.67; p-value: 0.066) compared to those who received nab-paclitaxel alone.
34
Notably, the addition of relacorilant to treatment with nab-paclitaxel did not create an additional adverse event burden for patients.

Safety and tolerability of relacorilant and nab-paclitaxel combination treatment were comparable to the safety and tolerability of nab-paclitaxel monotherapy.
The final analysis from our Phase 2 trial was published in the 
Journal of Clinical Oncology
 (Colombo et al., 2023), the premiere journal of the American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO).
Relacorilant in Patients with Adrenal Cancer with Cortisol Excess.
 We have completed an open-label, Phase 1b trial of relacorilant plus the PD-1 checkpoint inhibitor pembrolizumab in 14 patients with metastatic or unresectable adrenal cancer whose tumors produce cortisol. Patients with this form of adrenal cancer virtually never respond to immunotherapy and their disease progresses very rapidly. Our trial sought to test whether adding relacorilant to pembrolizumab therapy would reduce cortisol-activated immune suppression sufficiently to help the patient’s immune system reduce or eradicate the patient’s tumors while also reducing the symptoms of hypercortisolism caused by the tumors’ hypersecretion of cortisol.

Although patients exhibited significant improvements in their symptoms of hypercortisolism, such as reductions in hypertension and hyperglycemia, their tumor progression did not slow. The combination of relacorilant with pembrolizumab was well-tolerated. We are evaluating next steps to better understand the role cortisol modulation may play in combination with immunotherapies directed to other tumor types and earlier stages of cancer.
Relacorilant in Patients with Prostate Cancer
. Androgen deprivation is the standard treatment for prostate cancer because androgens stimulate prostate tumor growth. Prostate cancer tumors eventually escape androgen deprivation therapy; one of the prime reasons is that these tumors begin to be stimulated by cortisol’s activity. Combining a cortisol modulator with an androgen modulator may block this escape route. Our collaborators at the University of Chicago have initiated a randomized, placebo-controlled Phase 2 trial of relacorilant plus enzalutamide in patients with prostate cancer, pre-prostatectomy. We are providing relacorilant and placebo for the study.

Patents we have licensed from the University of Chicago cover the use of relacorilant combined with anticancer agents, including enzalutamide, to treat patients with this disease.
Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (“ALS”
)
ALS, also known as Lou Gehrig’s disease, is a devastating neuromuscular illness. Our selective cortisol modulator dazucorilant improved motor performance and reduced neuroinflammation and muscular atrophy in an animal model of ALS. Following these compelling results, we initiated a Phase 2 trial (“DAZALS”) of dazucorilant in patients with ALS. Two hundred forty-nine patients were randomized on a double-blind basis 1:1:1 to receive either 150 mg of dazucorilant, 300 mg of dazucorilant or placebo daily for 24 weeks. Upon completion of the trial, patients were eligible to enter an open-label, long-term extension study, in which they receive 300 mg of dazucorilant for up to 132 weeks. DAZALS did not meet its primary endpoint, which was the change from baseline in the ALS Functional Rating Scale-Revised (ALSFRS-R) in patients who received dazucorilant compared to those who received placebo. Patients who received dazucorilant also experienced substantially more gastrointestinal upset at the onset of treatment than did those who received placebo. During the 24-week study, no deaths (0/83) were observed in the 300 mg dazucorilant arm, compared to 5 deaths (5/82) in the placebo group (p-value: 0.02). The open-label, long-term extension study, which enrolled 118 patients, will continue. Pursuant to the study protocol, overall survival will be assessed again in March 2025. The FDA has granted dazucorilant Fast Track Designation and orphan drug status for the treatment of ALS in the United States.
Metabolic Diseases
Liver Disease.
 Metabolic dysfunction-associated steatohepatitis (“MASH”) is an advanced form of metabolic dysfunction-associated fatty liver disease that afflicts millions of patients and is a leading cause of liver-related mortality. Our Phase 1b trial of the selective cortisol modulator miricorilant as a potential treatment for MASH identified a dosing regimen that reduced liver fat, improved liver health and key metabolic and lipid measures and was well-tolerated. Following these compelling results, we initiated a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, Phase 2b trial (“MONARCH”) of miricorilant in patients with MASH in October 2023. MONARCH has two patient cohorts. Cohort A has a planned enrollment of 120 patients with biopsy-confirmed MASH, randomized 2:1 to receive either 100 mg of miricorilant twice weekly or placebo for 48 weeks. The primary endpoint of Cohort A is reduction in liver fat, with MASH resolution and fibrosis improvement as key secondary endpoints. Cohort B has a planned enrollment of 75 patients with presumed MASH, randomized 2:1 to receive either 100 mg of miricorilant twice weekly for 6 weeks and then 200 mg of miricorilant twice weekly for 18 weeks or placebo for 24 weeks. The primary endpoint of Cohort B is reduction in liver fat.
Development of Other Selective Cortisol Modulators
We continue to create new selective cortisol modulators, the most promising of which we advance towards the clinic.
35
Inflation Reduction Act of 2022
The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (“IRA”) was enacted on August 16, 2022. The IRA includes provisions requiring manufacturers to pay a rebate to the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (“CMS”) if the price of a Medicare Part B or Part D drug increases faster than the rate of inflation. In addition, beginning in 2025, the IRA will also shift a significant portion of the Medicare beneficiary costs currently borne by the government and beneficiaries to manufacturers. We anticipate this provision will limit the revenue we receive from Medicare patients and may materially reduce our profits. The IRA permits CMS to negotiate prices for certain high-expenditure Medicare Part B or Part D drugs.
The IRA also imposes a one percent excise tax on certain share repurchases and introduces a 15 percent corporate alternative minimum tax on adjusted financial statement income. The corporate alternative minimum tax became effective for us on January 1, 2024. We do not expect either of these provisions to significantly affect our consolidated financial statements.
Please see the risk factor under Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, “
New laws, government regulations, or changes to existing laws and regulations could make it difficult or impossible for us to obtain acceptable prices or adequate insurance coverage and reimbursement for our Products, which would adversely affect our results of operations and financial position.
”
Results of Operations
Net Product Revenue 
–

Net product revenue is gross product revenue from sales to our customers less deductions for estimated government rebates and chargebacks, patient co-pay assistance program, discounts provided to our specialty distributor for prompt payment and reserves for expected returns.
Net product revenue was $675.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2024, compared to $482.4 million and $401.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Higher sales volume accounted for 79.4 percent of the increase for the year ended December 31, 2024, with the remaining growth due to a price increase effective January 1, 2024.
Cost of sales
 – Cost of sales includes the cost of API, tableting, packaging, personnel, overhead, stability testing and distribution.
Cost of sales was $10.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2024, compared to $6.5 million and $5.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Cost of sales as a percentage of revenue was 1.6 percent, 1.3 percent and 1.3 percent for each of the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The increase of cost of sales as a percentage of revenue for the year ended December 31, 2024 compared to 2023 was primarily due to increased manufacturing and distribution costs.
Research and development expense
 – Research and development expense includes the cost of (1) clinical trials, (2) recruiting and compensating development personnel, (3) manufacturing investigational drug product (4) preclinical studies, (5) drug discovery research and (6) the development of new drug formulations and manufacturing processes.
Research and development expense was $246.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2024, compared to $184.4 million and $131.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The increase for the year ended December 31, 2024 compared to 2023 was primarily due to increased spending on the advancement and completion of our Cushing’s syndrome and Oncology development programs and increased employee compensation expense to support these activities.

Year Ended December 31,

2024
2023
2022
(in thousands)
Development programs:

Oncology
$
52,699 
$
41,433 
$
20,987 
Cushing’s syndrome
65,215 
41,196 
30,031 
Metabolic diseases
40,124 
36,104 
24,270 
Pre-clinical and early-stage selective cortisol modulators and ALS
41,048 
30,852 
26,084 
Unallocated activities, including manufacturing and regulatory activities
30,072 
19,366 
16,819 
Stock-based compensation
17,729 
15,402 
12,800 
Total research and development expense
$
246,887 
$
184,353 
$
130,991 
36
It is difficult to predict the timing and cost of development activities, which are subject to many uncertainties and risks, including inconclusive or negative results, slow patient enrollment, adverse side effects and difficulties in the formulation or manufacture of study drugs and lack of drug-candidate efficacy. In addition, clinical development is subject to government oversight and regulations that may change without notice. We expect our research and development expense to be higher in 2025 than in 2024 as we add new clinical trials, assuming success in our existing trials, and our existing trials enroll more patients. Research and development spending in future years will depend on the outcome of our pre-clinical and clinical trials and our development plans.
Selling, general and administrative expense
 – Selling, general and administrative expense includes (1) compensation of employees, consultants and contractors engaged in commercial and administrative activities, (2) the cost of vendors supporting commercial activities and (3) legal and accounting fees.
Selling, general and administrative expense for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 was $280.3 million, $184.3 million and $152.8 million, respectively. The increase for the year ended December 31, 2024 compared to 2023 was primarily due to increased employee compensation expenses and sales and marketing activities.
We expect our selling, general and administrative expense to be higher in 2025 than in 2024 due to increased commercial and administrative activities to support our increased research and development and marketing efforts.
Interest and other income
 – Interest and other income for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 was $24.5 million, $17.3 million and $3.6 million, respectively, and consisted primarily of interest income from marketable securities. The increase for the year ended December 31, 2024 compared to 2023 was due to higher cash and investment balances.
Income tax expense
 – Income tax expense for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022 was $20.3 million, $18.4 million, and $14.8 million, respectively. The increase for the year ended December 31, 2024 compared to 2023 was primarily due to increased income before income taxes. 
Liquidity and Capital Resources
Since 2015, we have relied on revenues from the sale of our Products to fund our operations.
Based on our current plans and expectations, we expect to fund our operations and planned research and development activities over the next 12 months and beyond without needing to raise additional funds, although we may choose to raise additional funds for other reasons. If we were to raise funds, equity financing would be dilutive, debt financing could involve restrictive covenants and funds raised through collaborations with other companies may require us to relinquish certain rights in our product candidates.
As of December 31, 2024, we had cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities of $603.2 million, consisting of cash and cash equivalents of $127.7 million and marketable securities of $475.5 million, compared to cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities of $425.4 million, consisting of cash and cash equivalents of $135.6 million and marketable securities of $289.8 million as of December 31, 2023.
The cash in our bank accounts and our marketable securities could be reduced or our access to them restricted if the financial institutions holding them were to fail or severely adverse conditions were to arise in the markets for public or private debt securities. We have never experienced a material lack of access to cash or material realized losses.
Net cash provided by operating activities for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 was $198.1 million, $127.0 million and $120.3 million, respectively. The increase for the year ended December 31, 2024 compared to 2023 was primarily due to higher revenue.
Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 was $(177.6) million, $90.9 million and $(114.3) million, respectively. The change for the year ended December 31, 2024 compared to 2023 was primarily due to investments in marketable securities during 2024 compared to allocation of cash proceeds from maturities of marketable securities towards cash equivalents in anticipation of the closing of our tender offer during 2023.
Net cash used in financing activities was $28.3 million, $148.7 million and $17.3 million for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. In the year ended December 31, 2024, we spent $38.0 million acquiring shares of our common stock, comprised of $15.7 million pursuant to our Stock Repurchase Program, $17.0 million acquiring shares of our common stock in connection with the net exercise of employee and director stock options and $5.3 million to satisfy tax withholding requirements from vesting of restricted stock grants, offset by $5.5 million received in connection with our ESPP and $4.2 million net cash received from the exercise of stock options. For the year ended December 31, 2023, we spent $154.5 million acquiring shares of our common stock, comprised of $145.4 million pursuant to our tender offer, $7.4 
37
million acquiring shares of our common stock in connection with the net exercise of employee and director stock options and $1.7 million to satisfy tax withholding requirements from vesting of restricted stock grants, offset by $3.8 million received in connection with our ESPP and $2.0 million net cash received from the exercise of stock options.
As of December 31, 2024, we had retained earnings of $543.7 million.
Net Operating Loss Carryforwards
See Note 9
, Income Taxes
 in our audited consolidated financial statements.
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP, which requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the amount of assets, liabilities and expenses we report. We base our estimates on historical experience and on other assumptions we believe to be reasonable. Actual results may differ from our estimates. Our significant accounting policies are described in Note 1, 
Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part IV of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We believe the following accounting estimates and policies to be critical:
Net Product Revenue
To determine net product revenue, we deduct from sales the cost of our patient co-pay assistance program and our estimates of (i) government chargebacks and rebates, (ii) discounts provided to our specialty distributor (“SD”) for prompt payment and (iii) reserves for expected returns. We record these estimates at the time we recognize revenue and update them as new information becomes available. Our estimates take into account our understanding of the range of possible outcomes. If results differ from our estimates, we adjust our estimates, which changes our net product revenue and earnings. We report any changes in the period they become known, even if they concern transactions occurring in prior periods.
Government Rebates
Our Products are eligible for purchase by, or qualifies for reimbursement from, Medicaid, Medicare and other government programs that are eligible for rebates on the price they pay for our Products. To determine the appropriate amount to reserve against these rebates, we identify our Products sold to patients covered by government-funded programs, apply the applicable government discount to these sales, then estimate utilization of such programs by government payors. We (i) deduct this reserve from revenue in the period to which the rebates relate and (ii) include in accrued expenses on our consolidated balance sheet a current liability of equal amount.
ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
The primary objective of our investment activities is to preserve capital. As of December 31, 2024, the fair value of our cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities was $603.2 million. Our marketable securities consisted of corporate notes, commercial paper, asset-backed securities, U.S. Treasury and government agency securities and a money market fund invested in short-term U.S. Treasury securities maintained at a major U.S. financial institution. To minimize our exposure to interest rate and other market risks, we have limited the maturities of our investments to less than three years, with the duration of our portfolio not to exceed two years. Additionally, except for securities issued by the United States government or its agencies, securities of any one issuer may not make up more than ten percent of our portfolio’s market value. Due to the short-term nature and high liquidity of these instruments, an increase or decrease in market interest rates by 25 basis points would not have a material impact on the total value of our portfolio as of December 31, 2024.
ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
The consolidated financial statements required by this item are set forth beginning at page F-1 and are incorporated herein by reference.
ITEM 9.  CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE
None.
38
ITEM 9A.  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
(a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file with the SEC is recorded, processed, summarized and filed within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and discussed with our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, so as to allow timely decisions regarding disclosure.
As of December 31, 2024, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer evaluated our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act). Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level.
There were no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2024 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
(b) Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Our internal control system is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the preparation and fair presentation of externally-reported consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP. As discussed in Item 9A(a) above, internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations and can provide only reasonable assurance that their objectives have been met.
As of December 31, 2024, our management conducted an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based upon the framework in “Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013)” issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2024.
Our independent registered public accounting firm has issued an attestation report on our internal control over financial reporting. It is set forth below.
(c) Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls
Management recognizes that controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can only provide reasonable, not absolute, assurance the desired control objectives will be met. In reaching a reasonable level of assurance, management has weighed the cost of contemplated controls against their intended benefits. The design of any system of controls is based on management’s assumptions about the likelihood of future events. We cannot assure you that our controls will achieve their stated goals under all possible conditions. Changes in future conditions may render our controls inadequate or may cause our degree of compliance with them to deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected.
(d) Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of Corcept Therapeutics Incorporated
Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting
We have audited Corcept Therapeutics Incorporated’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Corcept Therapeutics Incorporated (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024, based on the COSO criteria.
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, cash flows and stockholders’ equity for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2024, and the related notes and our report dated February 26, 2025 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.
Basis for Opinion
39
The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.
Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.
Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
/s/ Ernst & Young LLP
San Mateo, California
February 26, 2025
ITEM 9B.  OTHER INFORMATION
Insider Trading Arrangements
During the quarter ended December 31, 2024, none of directors and officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) under the Exchange Act) 
adopted
 or 
terminated
 any contract, instruction or written plan for the purchase or sales of our securities that are intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or any “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement,” as defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K, other than as set forth in the table below.
Name
Position
Action
Adoption Date
Total Shares of Common Stock to be Sold
Expiration Date
(1)
Joseph K. Belanoff, M.D.
Chief Executive Officer
Adoption
11/26/2024
Up to 
400,000
8/31/2026
William Guyer
Chief Development Officer
Adoption
11/27/2024
Up to 
360,000
8/31/2026
(1) Each trading arrangement permits transactions through and including the earlier to occur of (a) the completion of all sales or (b) the date listed in the table.
ITEM 9C.  DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS
Not applicable.
40
PART III
Certain information required by Part III is omitted from this Form 10-K because we expect to file with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, a definitive proxy statement (“Proxy Statement”), pursuant to Regulation 14A in connection with the solicitation of proxies for our 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, and certain information included therein is incorporated herein by reference.
ITEM 10.  DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
The information required by this Item will be included in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.
ITEM 11.  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
Compensation Discussion and Analysis
The information required by this Item will be included in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.
ITEM 12.  SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS
The information required by this Item will be included in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.
ITEM 13.  CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE
The information required by this Item will be included in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.
ITEM 14.  PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES
The information required by this Item will be included in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.
41
PART IV
ITEM 15.  EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES
The following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K
(1) Financial Statements:

Page
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
F-2
Audited Consolidated Financial Statements
Consolidated Balance Sheets
F-4
Consolidated Statements of Income
F-5
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
F-6
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
F-7
Consolidated Statement of Stockholders’ Equity
F-9
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
F-10
(2) Financial Statement Schedules:
All schedules have been omitted because the information required to be set forth therein is not applicable or is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto.
(3) Exhibits:
Item 601 of Regulation S-K requires the exhibits listed below. Each management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed as an exhibit to this Form 10-K has been identified.
(A)  EXHIBITS
Exhibit Number
Description of Document
3.1
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 24, 2023).
3.2
Amended and Restated Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 11, 2023).

4.1
Specimen Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the registrant’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-112676) filed on February 10, 2004).

4.2
Description of Common Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 23, 2021)
10.1† 
Form of Indemnification Agreement for directors and officers approved by the Board of Directors on September 24, 2007 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2007).

10.2†
Amended and Restated Severance and Change in Control Agreement by and between Corcept Therapeutics Incorporated and Joseph K. Belanoff, M. D., dated September 19, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to the registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 31, 2009).

10.3†
Amended and Restated Severance and Change in Control Agreement by and between Corcept Therapeutics Incorporated and James N. Wilson, dated September 19, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28 to the registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 31, 2009).

10.4†
Severance and Change in Control Agreement by and between Corcept Therapeutics Incorporated and Charles Robb, dated September 1, 2011 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 8, 2011).

10.5†
Employment offer letter to Charles Robb dated August 12, 2011 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 8, 2011).

42
Exhibit Number
Description of Document
10.6†
Corcept Therapeutics Incorporated 20
12
 Incentive Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the 
r
egistrant’s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed
 with the SEC

on 
May

21
, 20
1
2
).
10.7†
Corcept Therapeutics Incorporated 2024 Incentive Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the 
r
egistrant’s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on April 10, 2024).
10.8†
Form of 2024 Incentive Award Plan Stock Option Grant Notice and Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company
’
s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-279862) filed on May 31, 2024
).
10.9†
Form of 2024 Incentive Award Plan Restricted Stock Award Grant Notice and Agreement
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Company
’
s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-279862) filed on May 31, 202
4
).
10.10#
Distribution Services Agreement, dated August 4, 2017, between Corcept Therapeutics Incorporated and Optime Care, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 3, 2017).

10.11##
Amendment No. 1 to Distribution Services Agreement by and between Optime Care, Inc. and Corcept Therapeutics Incorporated, made and entered into as of August 1, 2022. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 3, 2022).
10.12##
Amendment No. 2 to Distribution Services Agreement by and between Optime Care, Inc. and Corcept Therapeutics Incorporated, made and entered into as of August 1, 2022. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 3, 2022)
10.13##
Third
 A
mendment
 to Distribution Services Agreement by and between Optime Care, Inc. and Corcept Therapeutics Incorporated, 
effective as of April 1, 2024
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.
2
 to the registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on 
May 1
, 202
4
).
10.14#
Task Order Number One to Distribution Services Agreement, dated August 4, 2017, between Corcept Therapeutics Incorporated and Optime Care, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 3, 2017).
10.15†
Severance and Change in Control Agreement by and between Corcept Therapeutics Incorporated and Hazel Hunt, dated August 3, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 4, 2020).
10.16†
Severance and Change in Control Agreement by and between Corcept Therapeutics Incorporated and Joseph Douglas (“J.D.”) Lyon, dated August 3, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 4, 2020).
10.17†
Severance and Change in Control Agreement by and between Corcept Therapeutics Incorporated and Sean Maduck, dated August 3, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 4, 2020).
10.18
Fifth Amendment to Office Lease Agreement by and between Exponent Realty, LLC and Corcept Therapeutics Incorporated, made and entered into as of June 17, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 4, 2020).
10.19
Sixth Amendment to Office Lease Agreement by and between Exponent Realty, LLC and Corcept Therapeutics Incorporated, made and entered into as of July 22, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 3, 2020).
10.20†
Employment offer letter to Atabak Mokari, dated March 1, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 1, 2021).
10.21†
Severance and Change in Control Agreement by and between Corcept Therapeutics Incorporated and Atabak Mokari, dated March 1, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 1, 2021).
10.22†
Employment offer letter to William Guyer, dated July 2, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant
’
s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 15, 2022).
10.23†
Severance and Change in Control Agreement by and between Corcept Therapeutics Incorporated and William Guyer, dated February 9, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant
’
s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 15, 2022).
43
Exhibit Number
Description of Document
10.24
Seventh Amendment to Office Lease Agreement by and between Exponent Realty, LLC and Corcept Therapeutics Incorporated, made and entered into as of March 18, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant
’
s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 5, 2022).
10.25
Eighth Amendment to Office Lease Agreement by and between Exponent Realty, LLC and Corcept Therapeutics Incorporated, made and entered into as of April 1, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant
’
s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 3, 2023).
10.26
Nin
th 
Amendment to Office Lease Agreement by and between Exponent Realty, LLC and Corcept Therapeutics Incorporated, made and entered into as of 
March

1
9
, 202
4

(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant
’
s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 
1
, 202
4
).
10.27
Sublease by and between Zuora, Inc. and Corcept Therapeutics Incorporated, entered into as of April 12, 2024 
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the registrant
’
s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 1, 2024).
10.28
Ten
th Amendment to Office Lease Agreement by and between Exponent Realty, LLC and Corcept Therapeutics Incorporated, made and entered into as of 
May
 1
3
, 202
4

(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant
’
s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on 
July

29
, 2024).
19
Corcept Therapeutics Incorporated Insider Trading Policy and 10b5-1 Trading Plan Guideline
s
 (
incor
porated 
by reference to Exhibit 10.36 to the registrant
’
s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 15,
 2024
).
97
Corcept Therapeutics Incorporated Compensation Clawback Polic
y 
(
incorporated by reference 
to Exhibit 97 to the re
gistr
ant
’
s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 15, 202
4
).
23.1
Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

24.1
Power of Attorney (See signature page)

31.1
Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 of Joseph K. Belanoff, M.D.

31.2
Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 of Atabak Mokari

32.1
Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 of Joseph K. Belanoff, M.D.

32.2
Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 of Atabak Mokari

101.INS
XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document
101.SCH
XBRL Schema Document
101.CAL
XBRL Calculation Linkbase Document
101.DEF
XBRL Definition Linkbase Document
101.LAB
XBRL Labels Linkbase Document
101.PRE
XBRL Presentation Linkbase Document
104
Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page interactive data file does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL Document
#
Confidential treatment granted
##
Certain identified information has been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K because such information is both (i) not material and (ii) information that the registrant treats as private or confidential. The Registrant hereby undertakes to furnish supplemental copies of the unredacted exhibit upon request by the SEC.
†
Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement
44
ITEM 16.  FORM 10-K SUMMARY
None.
45
SIGNATURES
Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

CORCEPT THERAPEUTICS INCORPORATED

By:
/s/ JOSEPH K. BELANOFF

Joseph K. Belanoff, M.D.

Chief Executive Officer and President

Date:
February 26, 2025
POWER OF ATTORNEY
KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints Joseph K. Belanoff and Atabak Mokari, and each of them acting individually, as his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, each with full power of substitution, for him or her in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this report on Form 10-K and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of each to act alone, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully for all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or his or their substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.
Pursuant to the requirements of the Exchange Act, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated:
46
Signature

Title

Date
/s/ JOSEPH K. BELANOFF

Chief Executive Officer, President and Director

February 26, 2025
Joseph K. Belanoff, M.D.

(Principal Executive Officer)

/s/ ATABAK MOKARI

Chief Financial Officer

February 26, 2025
Atabak Mokari

(Principal Financial Officer)

/s/ JOSEPH DOUGLAS LYON
Chief Accounting and Technology Officer
February 26, 2025
Joseph Douglas Lyon
(Principal Accounting Officer)
/s/ JAMES N. WILSON

Director and Chairman of the Board of Directors

February 26, 2025
James N. Wilson

/s/ GREGG ALTON
Director
February 26, 2025
Gregg Alton
/s/ G. LEONARD BAKER, JR.

Director

February 26, 2025
G. Leonard Baker, Jr.

/s/ GILLIAN CANNON
Director
February 26, 2025
Gillian Cannon
/s/ DAVID L. MAHONEY

Director

February 26, 2025
David L. Mahoney

/s/ JOSHUA MURRAY
Director
February 26, 2025
Joshua Murray
/s/ KIMBERLY PARK

Director

February 26, 2025
Kimberly Park

/s/ DANIEL N. SWISHER, JR

Director

February 26, 2025
Daniel N. Swisher, Jr.

47
CORCEPT THERAPEUTICS INCORPORATED
INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Page
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
 (EY US PCAOB #
42
)
F-2
Audited Financial Statements
Consolidated Balance Sheets
F-4
Consolidated Statements of Income
F-5
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
F-6
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
F-7
Consolidated Statement of Stockholders’ Equity
F-9
Consolidated Notes to Financial Statements
F-10
F-1
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of Corcept Therapeutics Incorporated
Opinion on the Financial Statements
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Corcept Therapeutics Incorporated (the Company) as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, cash flows and stockholders’ equity for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2024, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2024, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated February 26, 2025, expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.
Basis for Opinion
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
Critical Audit Matter
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the account or disclosure to which it relates.
F-2
Net Product Revenue - Accounting for Government Rebates
Description of the matter
As of December 31, 2024, accrued government rebates were $41.6 million, and the Company recognized $87.7 million in revenue reductions associated with rebates during the year-ended December 31, 2024. As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company recognizes revenues net of government rebates and accrues for rebates in the same period the product is sold. However, third-party reporting and payment of the rebate amount occur on a time lag. Allowances for rebates include mandated discounts due to the Company’s participation in various government health care programs. The Company estimates accrued rebates, considering actual revenue, formulaic rebate rates, historical payment experience and expected utilization under each program, and changes in product pricing and information regarding changes in program regulations and guidelines.
Auditing government rebates was complex due to the time lag associated with third-party reporting of rebate amounts, complexity in the calculations of government pricing used to determine the rebate price, and the judgmental nature of the utilization assumptions. The complexities associated with government pricing calculations required the involvement of specialists.
How we addressed the matter in our audit
We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls that address the risks of material misstatement relating to the measurement and valuation of government rebates. For example, we tested controls over management’s review of the government rebate accrual, including the significant assumptions and data inputs provided by third parties.
To test government rebates, our audit procedures included, among others, evaluating the methodologies, key assumptions, and testing the underlying data used by the Company. We performed analytics on the Company’s net product revenue. We evaluated the reasonableness of management’s assumptions by comparing against historical trends, evaluated the change in estimated accruals from the prior periods, and assessed the historical accuracy of the Company’s estimates against actual results. We utilized government pricing specialists in evaluating the Company’s application of government rebate program regulations and calculations of government prices used to estimate rebates during the year ended December 31, 2024.
/s/ 
Ernst & Young LLP
We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2001.
San Mateo, California
February 26, 2025
F-3
CORCEPT THERAPEUTICS INCORPORATED
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
(In thousands, except per share data)

December 31,

2024
2023
ASSETS

Current assets:

Cash and cash equivalents
$
127,665

$
135,551

Short-term marketable securities
255,669

232,670

Trade receivables, net of allowances
53,976

41,123

Insurance recovery receivable related to Melucci litigation (Note 10)
—

14,000

Inventory
12,412

7,730

Prepaid expenses and other current assets
21,880

27,562

Total current assets
471,602

458,636

Strategic inventory
3,583

8,244

Operating lease right-of-use asset
5,324

120

Property and equipment, net
2,689

195

Long-term marketable securities
219,831

57,176

Other assets
6,610

6,541

Deferred tax assets, net
130,914

90,605

Total assets
$
840,553

$
621,517

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY

Current liabilities:

Accounts payable
$
15,376

$
17,396

Accrued research and development expenses
33,868

21,330

Accrued and other liabilities
90,700

51,628

Accrued settlement related to Melucci litigation (Note 10)
—

14,000

Short-term operating lease liability
829

151

Total current liabilities
140,773

104,505

Long-term operating lease liability
6,107

—

Long-term accrued income taxes payable
14,084

10,307

Total liabilities
160,964

114,812

Commitments and contingencies (Note 10)
Stockholders’ equity:
Preferred stock, par value $
0.001
 per share, 
10,000
 shares authorized and 
no
 shares outstanding as of December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023
—

—

Common stock, par value $
0.001
 per share, 
280,000
 shares authorized and 
137,753
 issued and 
105,113
 outstanding as of December 31, 2024 and 
134,344
 shares issued and 
103,405
 outstanding as of December 31, 2023
136

133

Treasury stock; at cost; 
32,640
 shares of common stock as of December 31, 2024 and 
30,938
 shares of common stock as of December 31, 2023
(
696,173
)
(
635,078
)
Additional paid-in capital
832,108

738,515

Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income
(
217
)
609

Retained earnings
543,735

402,526

Total stockholders’ equity
679,589

506,705

Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity
$
840,553

$
621,517

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
F-4
CORCEPT THERAPEUTICS INCORPORATED
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME
(In thousands, except per share data)
Year Ended December 31,
2024
2023
2022
Product revenue, net
$
675,040

$
482,375

$
401,858

Operating expenses:
Cost of sales
10,882

6,481

5,385

Research and development
246,887

184,353

130,991

Selling, general and administrative
280,320

184,259

152,848

Settlement expense related to Melucci litigation
—

—

14,000

Insurance recovery related to Melucci litigation
—

—

(
14,000
)
Total operating expenses
538,089

375,093

289,224

Income from operations
136,951

107,282

112,634

Interest and other income
24,542

17,275

3,557

Income before income taxes
161,493

124,557

116,191

Income tax expense
(
20,284
)
(
18,417
)
(
14,773
)
Net income
$
141,209

$
106,140

$
101,418

Net income attributable to common stockholders
$
139,733

$
105,496

$
101,288

Basic net income per common share
$
1.35

$
1.02

$
0.95

Diluted net income per common share
$
1.23

$
0.94

$
0.87

Weighted-average shares outstanding used in computing net income per common share
Basic
103,232

103,560

106,787

Diluted
113,480

111,742

115,966

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
F-5
CORCEPT THERAPEUTICS INCORPORATED
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
(In thousands, except per share data)
Year Ended December 31,
2024
2023
2022
Net income
$
141,209

$
106,140

$
101,418

Other comprehensive income (loss):
Unrealized (loss) gain on available-for-sale investments, net of tax effect of $
118
, $(
353
), and $
105
, respectively
(
598
)
1,120

(
331
)
Foreign currency translation (loss) gain
(
228
)
358

(
311
)
Total comprehensive income
140,383

107,618

100,776

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
F-6
CORCEPT THERAPEUTICS INCORPORATED
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
(In thousands)

Year Ended December 31,

2024
2023
2022
Cash flows from operating activities:

Net income
$
141,209

$
106,140

$
101,418

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:

Stock-based compensation
61,354

48,940

42,442

(Accretion) of discount and Amortization of premium on marketable securities, net
(
10,938
)
(
9,128
)
1,383

Depreciation and amortization
795

1,042

1,259

Deferred income taxes
(
40,191
)
(
29,493
)
(
33,905
)
Amortization of right-of-use asset
541

1,320

2,187

Changes in operating assets and liabilities:

Trade receivables
(
12,853
)
(
10,066
)
(
3,432
)
Insurance recovery receivable related to Melucci litigation
14,000

—

(
14,000
)
Inventory
305

1,265

1,199

Prepaid expenses and other current assets
5,422

(
11,603
)
(
6,557
)
Other assets
(
69
)
(
1,483
)
(
1,975
)
Accounts payable
(
2,248
)
5,778

4,757

Accrued research and development expenses
12,538

6,757

2,131

Accrued and other liabilities
38,242

17,649

2,927

Accrued settlement related to Melucci litigation
(
14,000
)
—

14,000

Long-term accrued income taxes
3,777

1,210

8,688

Operating lease liability
183

(
1,289
)
(
2,199
)
Net cash provided by operating activities
198,067

127,039

120,323

Cash flows from investing activities:

Purchases of property and equipment
(
2,172
)
(
139
)
(
413
)
Proceeds from maturities of marketable securities
412,878

419,793

241,152

Purchases of marketable securities
(
588,310
)
(
328,748
)
(
355,066
)
Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities
(
177,604
)
90,906

(
114,327
)
Cash flows from financing activities:

Proceeds from stock option exercises, net of issuance costs
4,157

1,977

3,391

Proceeds from purchases under the Employee Stock Purchase Program
5,459

3,834

990

Repurchases of common stock in connection with Stock Repurchase Program
(
15,664
)
—

—

Repurchase of common stock in connection with Tender Offer
—

(
145,428
)
—

Cash paid to satisfy statutory withholding requirement for net settlement of cashless option exercises and vesting of restricted stock grants
(
22,301
)
(
9,106
)
(
21,665
)
Net cash used in financing activities
(
28,349
)
(
148,723
)
(
17,284
)
Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents
(
7,886
)
69,222

(
11,288
)
Cash and cash equivalents, at beginning of period
135,551

66,329

77,617

Cash and cash equivalents, at end of period
$
127,665

$
135,551

$
66,329

Supplemental disclosure:
Income taxes paid
$
60,267

$
47,602

$
39,747

Exercise cost of shares repurchased for net settlement of cashless option exercises
$
21,195

$
25,032

$
24,388

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements
F-7
CORCEPT THERAPEUTICS INCORPORATED
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY
(In thousands)
Common Stock
Additional
Paid-in
Capital
Treasury Stock
Accumulated
Other
Comprehensive
(Loss) Income
Retained Earnings
Total
Stockholders’ Equity
Shares
Amount
Balance at December 31, 2021
105,940

$
127

$
591,349

$
(
410,411
)
$
(
227
)
$
194,968

$
375,806

Issuance of common stock under incentive award plan
3,741

4

28,478

— 
— 
— 
28,482

Shares tendered to satisfy cost and statutory withholding requirements for net settlement of cashless option exercises
(
1,846
)
— 
— 
(
45,737
)
— 
— 
(
45,737
)
Stock-based compensation
— 
— 
42,515

— 
— 
— 
42,515

Other comprehensive loss, net of tax
— 
— 
— 
— 
(
642
)
— 
(
642
)
Net income
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
101,418

101,418

Balance at December 31, 2022
107,835

131

662,342

(
456,148
)
(
869
)
296,386

501,842

Issuance of common stock under incentive award plan
3,383

2

29,126

— 
— 
— 
29,128

Shares tendered to satisfy cost and statutory withholding requirements for net settlement of cashless option exercises
(
1,203
)
— 
— 
(
32,424
)
— 
— 
(
32,424
)
Repurchase of common stock in connection with Tender Offer
(
6,610
)
— 
— 
(
145,428
)
— 
— 
(
145,428
)
Excise tax related to net share repurchases
— 
— 
— 
(
1,078
)
— 
— 
(
1,078
)
Stock-based compensation
— 
— 
45,977

— 
— 
— 
45,977

Vesting of RSAs in connection with ESPP
— 
— 
1,070

— 
— 
— 
1,070

Other comprehensive income, net of tax
— 
— 
— 
— 
1,478

— 
1,478

Net income
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
106,140

106,140

Balance at December 31, 2023
103,405

133

738,515

(
635,078
)
609

402,526

506,705

Issuance of common stock under incentive award plan
3,332

3

30,810

— 
— 
— 
30,813

Shares tendered to satisfy cost and statutory withholding requirements for net settlement of cashless option exercises and vesting of restricted stock
(
1,138
)
— 
2,032

(
45,528
)
— 
— 
(
43,496
)
Repurchase of common stock in connection with Stock Repurchase Program
(
486
)
— 
— 
(
15,664
)
— 
— 
(
15,664
)
Excise tax related to net share repurchases
— 
— 
— 
97

— 
— 
97

Stock-based compensation
— 
— 
55,710

— 
— 
— 
55,710

Vesting of RSAs in connection with ESPP
— 
— 
5,041

— 
— 
— 
5,041

Other comprehensive loss, net of tax
— 
— 
— 
— 
(
826
)
— 
(
826
)
Net income
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
141,209

141,209

Balance at December 31, 2024
105,113

$
136

$
832,108

$
(
696,173
)
$
(
217
)
$
543,735

$
679,589

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements
F-8
CORCEPT THERAPEUTICS INCORPORATED
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
1. 
Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
Description of Business and Basis of Presentation
Corcept Therapeutics Incorporated (collectively, “Corcept,” the “Company,” “we,” “us,” and “our”) is a commercial-stage biopharmaceutical company engaged in the discovery and development of medications to treat severe endocrinologic, oncologic, metabolic and neurologic disorders by modulating the effects of the hormone cortisol. In 2012, the United States Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”) approved Korlym® (“mifepristone”) 300 mg tablets, as a once-daily oral medication for the treatment of hyperglycemia secondary to hypercortisolism in adult patients with endogenous Cushing’s syndrome who have type 2 diabetes mellitus or glucose intolerance and have failed surgery or are not candidates for surgery, and in June 2024, we made available an authorized generic version of Korlym for the same indication (collectively, our “Products”). We have discovered and patented 
four
 structurally distinct series of selective cortisol modulators, consisting of more than 
1,000
 compounds. We are developing compounds from these series as potential treatments for a broad range of serious disorders.
We were incorporated in the State of Delaware in May 1998. Our headquarters are located in Redwood City, California.
Basis of Presentation
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“U.S. GAAP”).
Principles of Consolidation
Our consolidated financial statements include the financial position and results of operations of Corcept Therapeutics UK Limited, our wholly owned subsidiary, which we incorporated in the United Kingdom in March 2017. All material intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.
Use of Estimates
The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ materially from those estimates.
We reevaluate our estimates and assumptions each quarter, including those related to revenue recognition, recognition and measurement of income tax assets and liabilities, inventory, allowances for doubtful accounts and other accrued liabilities, including our bonus accrual, clinical trial accruals and stock-based compensation.
Fair Value Measurements
We value financial instruments using assumptions we believe third-party market participants would use. When choosing which assumptions to make when determining the value of a financial instrument, we look first for quoted prices in active markets for identical instruments (“Level 1 inputs”). If no Level 1 inputs are available, we consider (i) quoted prices in non-active markets for identical instruments; (ii) active markets for similar instruments; (iii) inputs other than quoted prices for the instrument; and (iv) inputs that are not directly observable, but that can be corroborated by observable data (“Level 2 inputs”). In the absence of Level 2 inputs, we rely on unobservable inputs, such as our estimates of the assumptions market participants would use in pricing the instrument (“Level 3 inputs”).
Cash and Cash Equivalents and Marketable Securities
We consider highly liquid investments that will mature in three months or less from the time we purchase them to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents are valued using Level 1 inputs, which approximate our cost.
We invest the majority of our funds in marketable securities, primarily corporate notes, U.S. Treasury and government agency securities, asset-backed securities and commercial paper. We classify our marketable securities as available-for-sale securities and report them at fair value as “cash equivalents” or “marketable securities” on our consolidated balance sheet, with related unrealized gains and losses included in stockholders’ equity. Realized gains and losses and permanent declines in value are included in “interest and other income (expense)” on our consolidated statements of income.
F-9
CORCEPT THERAPEUTICS INCORPORATED 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, Continued
Credit and Concentration Risks
Our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities are held in 
four
 financial institutions. We are subject to credit risk from our cash equivalents and marketable securities. We limit our investments to U.S. Treasury obligations and high-grade corporate debt and asset-backed securities with less than a 36-month maturity at the time of purchase. These investments are diversified and minimize concentrations of credit risk. We have never experienced a loss in, or lack of access to, our operating or investment accounts.
We have a concentration of risk in regard to the distribution of our Products. A single specialty pharmacy, Optime Care, Inc. (“Optime”), dispenses our Products to patients for us. Optime is an independent third party. Its unwillingness or inability to dispense our Products to patients in a timely manner would harm our business.
We sell our Products that Optime dispenses directly to patients, with title to the medicine passing directly from us to the patient upon the patient’s receipt of the drug. Our receivables risk is spread among various third-party payers – pharmacy benefit managers, insurance companies, government programs and private charities. We monitor our exposure and record an allowance against uncollectible trade receivables as necessary. To date, we have not recorded an allowance for credit losses.
Inventory and Cost of Sales
Regulatory approval of product candidates is uncertain. Because product manufactured prior to regulatory approval may not be sold unless regulatory approval is obtained, we record the cost of manufacturing our product candidates as research and development expense at the time such costs are incurred. Once a product candidate is approved by the FDA, we begin capitalizing manufacturing costs. We capitalize to inventory manufacturing costs related to our Products.
We value inventory at the lower of cost or net realizable value and determine the cost of inventory we sell using the specific identification method, which approximates a first-in, first-out basis. We assess our inventory levels at each reporting period and write down inventory that is either expected to be at risk of expiration prior to sale, has a cost basis in excess of its expected net realizable value, or for which there are inventory quantities in excess of expected requirements. We destroy expired inventory and recognize the related costs as cost of sales in that period’s statement of income.
Cost of sales also includes the cost of manufacturing our Products, including materials, third-party manufacturing costs and indirect personnel and other overhead costs, based on the number of tablets for which we recognize revenue, as well as costs of stability testing, logistics and distribution.
We classify inventory we do not expect to utilize within 12 months of the balance sheet date as strategic inventory, a non-current asset.
Net Product Revenue
We sell our Products directly to patients through a single specialty pharmacy. We also sell our Products to a specialty distributor (“SD”), for which we recognize revenue at the time the SD receives our Products. SD sales were less than 
one
 percent of our net revenue in each of the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022.
To determine our revenue from the sale of our Products, we (i) identify our contract with each customer; (ii) identify the obligations of Corcept and the customer under the contract; (iii) determine the contracted transaction price; (iv) allocate the transaction price to the contract’s performance obligations, which in our case consists of delivering our Products to the customer; and (v) recognize revenue once our Products have been delivered, provided we deem it probable that we will collect the payment due to us.
Confirmation of coverage by private or government insurance or by a third-party charity is a prerequisite for selling our Products to a patient.
To determine net product revenue, we deduct from sales the cost of our patient co-pay assistance program and our estimates of (a) government chargebacks and rebates, (b) discounts provided to our SD for prompt payment and (c) reserves for expected returns. We record these estimates at the time we recognize revenue and update them as new information becomes available. Our estimates take into account our understanding of the range of possible outcomes. If results differ from our estimates, we adjust our estimates, which changes our net product revenue and earnings. We report any changes in the period they become known, even if they concern transactions occurring in prior periods.
Government Rebates: 
Our Products are eligible for purchase by, or qualifies for reimbursement from, Medicaid, Medicare and other government programs that are eligible for rebates on the price they pay for our Products. To determine the 
F-10
CORCEPT THERAPEUTICS INCORPORATED 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, Continued
appropriate amount to reserve against these rebates, we identify our Products sold to patients covered by government-funded programs, apply the applicable government discount to these sales, then estimate utilization of such programs by government payors. We (i) deduct this reserve from revenue in the period to which the rebates relate and (ii) include in accrued expenses on our consolidated balance sheet a current liability of an equal amount.
Chargebacks:
 Although we sell our Products to the SD at full price, some of the government entities to which the SD sells receive a discount. The SD recovers the full amount of any related discounts by reducing its payment to us (this reduction is called a “chargeback”). Chargebacks sometimes relate to our Products purchased by the SD in prior periods. We deduct from our revenue in each period chargebacks claimed by the SD for our Products it purchased in that period. We also create a reserve for chargebacks we estimate the SD will claim in future periods against our Products it purchased in the current period but has not yet resold. We determine the amount of this reserve based on our experience with SD chargebacks and our understanding of the SD’s customer base and business practices. We deduct this reserve from revenue and include in accrued expenses on our consolidated balance sheet a current liability of equal amount.
Patient Assistance Program and Charitable Support: 
It is our policy that no patient be denied our Products due to inability to pay. We provide financial assistance to eligible patients whose insurance policies have high deductibles or co-payments and deduct the amount of such assistance from gross revenue. We determine the assistance we provide each patient by applying our program guidelines to that patient’s financial position and their insurance policy’s co-payment and deductible requirements for the purchase of our Products. We donate cash to charities that help patients with financial need pay for the treatment of Cushing’s syndrome. We do not include payments from these charities in revenue, but as a deduction to selling, general and administrative expenses. We provide our Products at no cost to uninsured patients who do not qualify for charitable support.
Sales Returns:
 Federal law prohibits the return of our Products sold to patients. Sales to our SD are subject to return. We deduct the amount of our Products we estimate the SD will return from each period’s gross revenue. We base our estimates on quantitative and qualitative information including, but not limited to, historical return rates, the amount of our Products held by the SD and projected demand. To date, returns have not been significant.
The following table summarizes activity in each of the product revenue allowance and reserve categories for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022:
Chargebacks
Government Rebates
Total
(in thousands)
Balance at December 31, 2021
$
50

$
11,174

$
11,224

Provision related to current period sales
557

38,745

39,302

Provision related to prior period sales
78

(
68
)
10

Credit or payments made during the period
(
455
)
(
38,753
)
(
39,208
)
Balance at December 31, 2022
230

11,098

11,328

Provision related to current period sales
346

52,825

53,171

Provision related to prior period sales
(
88
)
(
555
)
(
643
)
Credit or payments made during the period
(
266
)
(
44,900
)
(
45,166
)
Balance at December 31, 2023
222

18,468

18,690

Provision related to current period sales
241

86,336

86,577

Provision related to prior period sales
11

1,404

1,415

Credit or payments made during the period
(
366
)
(
64,628
)
(
64,994
)
Balance at December 31, 2024
$
108

$
41,580

$
41,688

Research and Development
Research and development expense includes the direct cost of discovering and screening new compounds, pre-clinical studies, clinical trials, manufacturing development, submissions to regulatory agencies and related overhead costs. We expense nonrefundable payments and the cost of technologies and materials used in research and development as we incur them.
F-11
CORCEPT THERAPEUTICS INCORPORATED 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, Continued
We base our accruals for discovery research, preclinical studies and clinical trials on our estimates of work completed, milestones achieved, patient enrollment and past experience with similar activities. Our estimates include assessments of information from contract research organizations and the status of our own research, development and administrative activities.
Segment Reporting
We determine our operating segments based on the way we organize our business, make decisions, allocate resources and assess performance. Joseph K. Belanoff, M.D., Chief Executive Officer, is our Chief Operating Decision Maker (“CODM”) who reviews our consolidated balance sheets and statements of income. We view our operations and manage our business as 
one
 operating segment, which is the discovery, development and commercialization of pharmaceutical products.
Stock-Based Compensation
We recognize stock-based compensation expense for stock options, restricted stock awards (“RSAs”) and restricted stock units (“RSUs”), net of estimated forfeitures, on a straight-line basis over the period during which an employee is required to provide services in exchange for the award (the vesting period of the award). We estimate future forfeitures during the first quarter of each fiscal year, and revise the estimates, if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ significantly from those estimates.
We determine the fair value of stock options based on the value of the award at the grant date, using the Black-Scholes model. We recognize stock-based compensation expense over the applicable vesting period, net of estimated forfeitures. If actual forfeitures differ from our estimates, we adjust stock-based compensation expense accordingly.
In addition, we have issued RSAs in connection with our Employee Stock Purchase Plan (“ESPP”) that vest on the condition that the participating employee hold the corresponding shares purchased under the ESPP for 
one year
 from the purchase date. The participating employee is granted 
one
 RSA for each share purchased in the ESPP. We initially measure the fair value of these RSAs based on the grant date fair value determined using the closing price of our common stock on the date the purchase of the corresponding ESPP shares is made. This fair value of the RSA is amortized over the 
one-year
 holding period. As a result of the RSA’s being reported as liability-classified awards, they must be remeasured at each reporting date until settlement. Ultimately, the compensation cost recognized for the RSA award will equal the fair value of the Company’s common stock on the date the RSA is fully vested and settled. See Note 7, 
Stockholders’ Equity 
for more information
.
Income Taxes
We account for income taxes in accordance with ASC 740, 
Income Taxes 
(“ASC 740”), which requires recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected tax consequences of our future financial and operating activities. Under ASC 740, we determine deferred tax assets and liabilities based on the temporary difference between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities using the tax rates in effect for the year in which we expect such differences to reverse. If we determine that it is more likely than not that we will not generate sufficient taxable income to realize the value of some or all of our deferred tax assets (net of our deferred tax liabilities), we establish a valuation allowance offsetting the amount we do not expect to realize. We perform this analysis each reporting period and reduce our measurement of deferred taxes if the likelihood we will realize them becomes uncertain.
The deferred tax assets that we record each period depend primarily on our ability to generate future taxable income in the United States. Each period, we evaluate the need for a valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets and, if necessary, adjust the valuation allowance so that net deferred tax assets are recorded only to the extent we conclude it is more likely than not that these deferred tax assets will be realized. If our outlook for future taxable income changes significantly, our assessment of the need for, and the amount of, a valuation allowance may also change.
We are also required to evaluate and quantify other sources of taxable income, such as the possible reversal of future deferred tax liabilities, should any arise, and the implementation of tax planning strategies. Evaluating and quantifying these amounts is difficult and involves significant judgment, based on all of the available evidence and assumptions about our future activities.
We account for uncertain tax positions in accordance with ASC 740, which requires us to adjust our consolidated financial statements to reflect only those tax positions that are more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon review by federal or state examiners. We recognize in the consolidated financial statements the largest expected tax benefit that has a greater than 50 percent likelihood of being sustained on examination by the taxing authorities. We report interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense.
F-12
CORCEPT THERAPEUTICS INCORPORATED 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, Continued
Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted
In December 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) No. 2023-09, which requires disaggregated information about a reporting entity’s effective tax rate reconciliation as well as information on income taxes paid. The standard is intended to benefit investors by providing more detailed income tax disclosures that would be useful in making capital allocation decisions. This ASU is effective for public companies with annual periods beginning after December 15, 2024, with early adoption permitted. We plan to adopt this guidance for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2025. We are currently evaluating the effects adoption of this guidance will have on the consolidated financial statements.
In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU No. 2024-03, which requires additional information about specific expense categories in the notes to financial statements. This ASU is effective for public companies with annual periods beginning after December 15, 2026, with early adoption permitted. We plan to adopt this guidance for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2027. We are currently evaluating the effects adoption of this guidance will have on the consolidated financial statements.
Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements
In November 2023, the FASB issued ASU No. 2023-07, to improve the disclosures about a public entity’s reportable segments and address requests from investors for additional, more detailed information about a reportable segment’s expenses. The standard is effective for public companies with annual periods beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024, with early adoption permitted. We adopted this guidance for the annual period ended December 31, 2024.
2. 
Significant Agreements
Commercial Agreement
In August 2017, we entered into a distribution services agreement with an independent third party, Optime, to provide exclusive specialty pharmacy and patient services programs for Korlym beginning August 10, 2017. Under the terms of this agreement, Optime acts as the exclusive specialty pharmacy distributor of our Products in the United States, subject to certain exceptions. Optime provides services related to pharmacy operations; patient intake, access and reimbursement; patient support; claims management and accounts receivable; and data and reporting. We provide our Products to Optime, which it dispenses to patients. Optime does not purchase our Products from us and it does not take title to the product. Title passes directly from us to the patient at the time the patient receives the medicine.
The initial term of our agreement with Optime was 
five years
. In August 2022 and September 2022, we amended our agreement to extend its term to September 30, 2022 and March 31, 2024, respectively. In March 2024, we amended our agreement to further extend its term to March 31, 2027 with automatic renewal for successive 
three-year
 terms, unless terminated earlier by us upon 
90
 days’ notice. The agreement contains additional customary termination provisions, representations, warranties and covenants. Subject to certain limitations, we have agreed to indemnify Optime for certain third-party claims related to the product, and we have each agreed to indemnify the other for certain breaches of representations, warranties, covenants and other specified matters.
3. 
Available for Sale Marketable Securities and Fair Value Measurements
The available-for-sale securities in our Consolidated Balance Sheets are as follows:
December 31,
2024
2023
(in thousands)
Cash equivalents
$
98,436

$
97,170

Short-term marketable securities
255,669

232,670

Long-term marketable securities
219,831

57,176

Total marketable securities
$
573,936

$
387,016

F-13
CORCEPT THERAPEUTICS INCORPORATED 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, Continued
The following table presents our available-for-sale securities grouped by asset type:

Fair Value
Hierarchy
Level
December 31, 2024
December 31, 2023
Amortized Cost
Gross Unrealized Gains
Gross Unrealized Losses
Estimated Fair Value
Amortized Cost
Gross Unrealized Gains
Gross Unrealized Losses
Estimated Fair Value

(in thousands)
Corporate bonds
Level 2
$
373,440

$
333

$
(
529
)
$
373,244

$
120,508

$
307

$
—

$
120,815

Commercial paper
Level 2
9,771

6

(
2
)
9,775

75,308

20

(
9
)
75,319

U.S. government agency securities
Level 2
7,999

—

(
2
)
7,997

—

—

—

—

U.S. Treasury securities
Level 1
84,458

27

(
1
)
84,484

93,655

61

(
4
)
93,712

Money market funds
Level 1
98,436

—

—

98,436

97,170

—

—

97,170

Total marketable securities
$
574,104

$
366

$
(
534
)
$
573,936

$
386,641

$
388

$
(
13
)
$
387,016

We estimate the fair value of marketable securities classified as Level 1 using quoted market prices obtained from a commercial pricing service for these or identical investments. We estimate the fair value of marketable securities classified as Level 2 using inputs that may include benchmark yields, reported trades, broker/dealer quotes and issuer spreads.
We periodically review our debt securities to determine if any of our investments is impaired due to the issuer’s poor credit or other reasons. If the fair value of our investment is less than our amortized cost, we evaluate quantitative and subjective factors – including, but not limited to, the nature of security, changes in credit ratings and analyst reports concerning the security’s issuer and industry, and interest rate fluctuations and general market conditions – to determine whether an allowance for credit losses is appropriate.
None of our investments, including those with unrealized losses, are impaired. Unrealized losses on our investments are due to interest rate fluctuations. We do not intend to sell investments that currently have unrealized losses and it is highly unlikely that we will sell any investment before recovery of its amortized cost basis, which may be at maturity. Accordingly, we have not recorded an allowance for credit losses for these investments.
We classified accrued interest on our marketable securities of $
4.1
 million and $
1.7
 million as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, as prepaid and other current assets on our consolidated balance sheets.
As of December 31, 2024, all of our long-term marketable securities had original maturities of no more than 
24
 months and all of our marketable securities classified as short-term have maturities of less than 
one year
. The weighted-average maturity of our short-term and long-term marketable securities was 
nine months
. As of December 31, 2024, our long-term marketable securities had remaining maturities between 
12
 months and 
23
 months. None of our marketable securities changed from one fair value hierarchy to another during the year ended December 31, 2024.
4. 
Composition of Certain Balance Sheet Items
Inventory
Year Ended December 31,
2024
2023
(in thousands)
Work in progress
$
7,789

$
8,233

Finished goods
8,206

7,741

Total inventory
15,995

15,974

Less strategic inventory classified as non-current
(
3,583
)
(
8,244
)
Total inventory classified as current
$
12,412

$
7,730

We have purchased and hold significant quantities of API, included in work in progress inventory. We classify inventory we do not expect to utilize within 12 months of the balance sheet date as “Strategic inventory,” a non-current asset.
F-14
CORCEPT THERAPEUTICS INCORPORATED 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, Continued
Prepaid expenses and other current assets
Year Ended December 31,
2024
2023
(in thousands)
Prepaid expenses
$
9,492

$
4,319

Deferred clinical materials
4,493

13,496

Clinical deposits
1,817

3,865

Other current assets
6,078

5,882

Total prepaid expenses and other current assets
$
21,880

$
27,562

Accrued and other liabilities
Year Ended December 31,
2024
2023
(in thousands)
Accrued compensation
$
41,731

$
25,457

Government rebates
41,580

18,468

Accrued selling and marketing costs
3,345

1,771

Legal fees
824

542

Accounting and financial services fees
648

389

Income taxes payable
191

1,814

Accrued manufacturing costs
109

1,455

Excise tax payable
—

1,078

Other
2,272

654

Total accrued and other liabilities
$
90,700

$
51,628

Other assets
As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, other assets included $
5.6
 million and $
6.4
 million of deposits for clinical trials, respectively.
5. 
Leases
In April 2024, we entered into a 
six-year
 sublease (the “Sublease”) with Zuora, Inc. for office space located at 101 Redwood Shores Parkway, Redwood City, California, effective from July 1, 2024. The leased property became our new headquarters effective August 1, 2024. The portion of the premises subject to the Sublease is 
50,632
 rentable square feet. The Sublease commenced on June 1, 2024 due to early access rights and will end on June 30, 2030. We are obligated to pay a base rent of an average of $
1.5
 million annually over the term of the lease. As a result of the agreement, we recorded a right-of-use asset and corresponding lease liability related to the leased property based on the present value of future lease payments. 
The lease for our previous headquarters in Menlo Park, California ended on August 31, 2024. We do not recognize right-of-use assets or lease liabilities for leases with a term of 12 months or less, rather, we recognize the associated lease payments in the consolidated statements of income on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Therefore, we did not record an additional right of use asset and corresponding lease liability related to our previous headquarters, as the remaining lease term was less than 12 months.
As the operating leases for our facilities do not provide sufficient information to determine the implicit borrowing rate, we calculated the present value of remaining lease payments using a discount rate equal to the interest rate we would pay on a collateralized loan with monthly payments and a term equal to the monthly payments and remaining term of our lease. Operating lease right-of-use assets also include any rent paid prior to the commencement date, less any lease incentives received. We recognize operating lease payments as expenses using the straight-line method over the term of the lease.
F-15
CORCEPT THERAPEUTICS INCORPORATED 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, Continued
Operating lease expense, including variable lease costs for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 was $
3.0
 million, $
2.4
 million and $
2.3
 million, respectively.
Supplemental information related to operating leases was as follows (in thousands, except weighted average amounts):
Year Ended December 31,
2024
2023
2022
Cash paid for operating lease liabilities
$
1,358

$
2,391

$
2,265

Recognition of right-of-use asset in exchange for lease liability
$
5,745

$
297

$
2,816

Weighted-average remaining lease term
66
 months
6
 months
6
 months
Weighted-average discount rate
8.5

%
8.0

%
4.0

%
As of December 31, 2024, future minimum lease payments under non-cancelable operating leases were as follows (in thousands):
2025
$
1,382

2026
1,551

2027
1,598

2028
1,646

2029
1,695

2030
860

Total operating lease payments
8,732

Less imputed interest
(
1,796
)
Present value of operating lease liabilities
$
6,936

6. 
Related Party Transactions
There were no related party transactions during the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022.
7. 
Stockholders’ Equity
Preferred Stock
Our Board of Directors is authorized, subject to any limitations prescribed by law, without stockholder approval, to issue up to an aggregate of 
10.0
 million shares of preferred stock at $
0.001
 par value in one or more series and to fix the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions granted to or imposed upon the preferred stock, including voting rights, dividend rights, conversion rights, redemption privileges and liquidation preferences. The rights of the holders of common stock will be subject to the rights of holders of any preferred stock that may be issued in the future. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, we had 
no
 outstanding shares of preferred stock.
Treasury Stock
In January 2024, our Board of Directors approved a program authorizing the repurchase of up to $
200
 million of our common stock (the “Stock Repurchase Program”). Purchases under this program may be made in the open market, in privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. The timing and amount of any repurchases will be determined based on market conditions, our stock price and other factors. The program does not require us to repurchase any specific number of shares and may be modified, suspended or discontinued at any time without notice. During the year ended December 31, 2024, we purchased 
0.5
 million shares of common stock under the Stock Repurchase Program in open market transactions at an average price of $
32.25
 per share, for aggregate purchase price of $
15.7
 million.
In March 2023, we announced that our Board of Directors approved a tender offer to purchase up to 
7.5
 million shares of our common stock. The tender offer commenced on March 6, 2023 and expired on March 31, 2023. On April 5, 2023, we purchased 
6.6
 million shares through the tender offer at a price of $
22.00
 per share for an aggregate purchase price of 
F-16
CORCEPT THERAPEUTICS INCORPORATED 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, Continued
$
145.4
 million, excluding related fees and expenses. We recorded purchased shares as treasury stock on our consolidated balance sheet at cost.
During the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, we issued 
2.3
 million, 
2.4
 million and 
3.7
 million shares, respectively, of our common stock upon the exercise of stock options. Some option holders exercised their options on a “net exercise” basis, pursuant to which they surrendered to us, and we purchased from them, at the then current market price, shares equal in value to the associated exercise price and tax withholding obligations. During the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, we purchased 
1.1
 million, 
1.2
 million and 
1.8
 million shares, respectively, in connection with such option net exercises and vesting of restricted stock and paid $
22.3
 million, $
9.1
 million and $
21.7
 million, respectively, to satisfy associated tax withholding obligations.
We recorded purchased shares as treasury stock on our consolidated balance sheets, at cost. It has not been determined whether purchased shares will be retired or sold.
We have never declared or paid any dividends.
Incentive Award Plan
We have 
one
 equity award plan – the Corcept Therapeutics Incorporated 2024 Incentive Award Plan (the “2024 Plan”).
In February 2024, our Board of Directors approved the 2024 Plan, which became effective upon its approval by our stockholders at our 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders on May 17, 2024 and replaced the Corcept Therapeutics Incorporated 2012 Incentive Award Plan (the “2012 Plan”). The aggregate number of shares which may be issued or transferred pursuant to awards under the 2024 Plan is equal to the sum of (i) 
8.0
 million shares, (ii) 
4.1
 million shares, which equals the number of shares available for future grant under the 2012 Plan as of May 17, 2024, and (iii) any shares underlying awards outstanding under the 2012 Plan that, on or after May 17, 2024, terminate, expire or lapse for any reason without the delivery of shares to the holder thereof. After May 17, 2024, no additional awards were or will be issued under the 2012 Plan.
Under the 2024 Plan, we can issue stock options, stock purchase and stock appreciation rights and restricted stock awards to our employees, officers, directors and consultants.
As of December 31, 2024, we had 
11.0
 million shares available for future issuance under the 2024 plan.
Stock Options
The following table summarizes option activity and related information:
Outstanding Options
Number of Options
Weighted-Average Exercise Price
Weighted-Average Remaining Contractual Life
Aggregate Intrinsic Value
(in thousands)
(in years)
(in thousands)
Balance at December 31, 2023
23,370

$
16.47

Options granted
3,813

$
25.28

Options exercised
(
2,306
)
$
11.01

Options cancelled and forfeited
(
164
)
$
24.42

Balance at December 31, 2024
24,713

$
18.29

5.64
$
793,378

Options exercisable at December 31, 2024
19,021

$
16.46

4.78
$
645,388

Options fully vested and expected to vest at December 31, 2024
24,413

$
18.15

5.60
$
786,966

The total intrinsic value of options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 was $
60.1
 million, $
36.0
 million and $
63.4
 million, respectively, based on the difference between the closing price of our common stock on the date of exercise and the exercise price.
F-17
CORCEPT THERAPEUTICS INCORPORATED 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, Continued
As of December 31, 2024, we had $
71.3
 million of unrecognized compensation expense for options outstanding, which had a weighted-average remaining vesting period of 
2.5
 years.
RSAs and RSUs (collectively, “restricted stock”)
The following table summarizes restricted stock activity and related information:
Outstanding Restricted Stock
Number of Restricted Stock
Weighted-Average Grant Date Fair Value
(in thousands)
Balance at December 31, 2023
827

$
24.10

Restricted stock granted
916

$
31.35

Restricted stock vested
(
416
)
$
23.73

Restricted stock cancelled and forfeited
(
84
)
$
25.71

Balance at December 31, 2024
1,243

$
29.47

The total fair value of restricted stock vested during the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 was $
14.8
 million, $
4.9
 million and $
0.9
 million, respectively.
As of December 31, 2024, we had $
27.4
 million of unrecognized compensation expense for restricted stock outstanding, which had a weighted-average remaining vesting period of 
2.66
 years.
ESPP
Our ESPP allows employees to set aside, by means of payroll deductions, up to 
ten
 percent of their annual compensation for the purchase of our common stock. Shares are issued to participating employees from the 2024 Plan on March 1st, June 1st, September 1st and December 1st (or, if those dates fall on holidays or weekends, on the first business day thereafter) at the then-current fair market value of our stock, as determined at the close of trading on those days.
For each purchased share, the participating employee receives one matching share, also issued from the 2024 Plan if certain conditions are met. There is no vesting requirement for shares issued pursuant to the ESPP purchase. The matching share will be granted in the form of an RSA that will vest on the 
one-year
 anniversary of the respective ESPP purchase date, net of applicable tax withholding. The vesting condition on the RSA is that the participating employee hold the corresponding share purchased under the ESPP for 
one year
 from the purchase date. Shares purchased pursuant to the ESPP and any matching shares may be held, sold or transferred at the employee’s sole discretion.
As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, we had a liability of $
3.2
 million and $
2.3
 million, respectively, of stock-based compensation related to RSAs granted in connection with our ESPP in “Accrued and other liabilities” on our consolidated balance sheet.
Option Valuation Assumptions
The following table summarizes the weighted-average assumptions and resultant fair value-based measurements for options granted.
Year Ended December 31,
2024
2023
2022
Weighted-average assumptions for options granted:
Risk-free interest rate
4.14
%
3.87
%
1.97
%
Expected term
6.7
 years
6.7
 years
6.4
 years
Expected volatility of stock price
54.6
%
53.0
%
56.5
%
Dividend rate
0
%
0
%
0
%
Weighted-average grant date fair value-based measurement
$
14.65
$
13.65
$
11.27
F-18
CORCEPT THERAPEUTICS INCORPORATED 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, Continued
The expected term of options reflected in the table above is based on a formula that considers the expected service period and expected post-vesting termination behavior depending on whether the option holder is an employee, officer or director.
The expected volatility of our stock used in determining the fair value-based measurement of option grants to employees, officers and directors is based on the volatility of our stock price. The volatility is based on historical data of the price for our common stock for periods of time equal to the expected term of these grants.
We calculate employee stock-based compensation expense using the number of options we expect to vest, based on our estimate of the option grantees’ average length of employment, and reduced by our estimate of option forfeitures. We estimate forfeitures at the time of option grant and revise this estimate in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from our estimates.
Stock-based Compensation
The following table summarizes our stock-based compensation by financial statement classification.

Year Ended December 31,

2024
2023
2022

(in thousands)
Stock-based compensation capitalized in inventory
$
326

$
208

$
280

Cost of sales
75

52

70

Research and development
17,729

15,402

12,800

Selling, general and administrative
43,550

33,486

29,572

Total stock-based compensation
$
61,680

$
49,148

$
42,722

8. 
Net Income Per Share
We compute our basic and diluted net income per share in conformity with the two-class method required for companies with participating shares. Under the two-class method, net income is determined by allocating net income between common stock and unvested RSAs. We compute basic net income per share by dividing our net income attributable to common stockholders by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period. We compute diluted net income per share by dividing our net income attributable to common stockholders by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period, including potentially dilutive stock options and unvested RSUs, less unvested RSAs. We use the treasury stock method to determine the number of dilutive shares of common stock resulting from stock options and unvested RSUs.
The following table shows the computation of net income per share for each period:
Year Ended December 31,
2024
2023
2022
(in thousands, except per share data)
Numerator:
Net income attributable to common stockholders
$
139,733

$
105,496

$
101,288

Denominator:
Weighted-average shares used to compute basic net income per common share
103,232

103,560

106,787

Dilutive effect of employee stock options and unvested RSUs
10,248

8,182

9,179

Weighted-average shares used to compute diluted net income per common share
113,480

111,742

115,966

Net income per share attributable to common stockholders
Basic
$
1.35

$
1.02

$
0.95

Diluted
$
1.23

$
0.94

$
0.87

We excluded from the computation of diluted net income per share, on a weighted-average basis, 
2.7
 million stock options and unvested RSUs outstanding during the year ended December 31, 2024, and 
9.1
 million and 
7.3
 million stock 
F-19
CORCEPT THERAPEUTICS INCORPORATED 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, Continued
options outstanding during the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, because including them would have reduced dilution.
9. 
Income Taxes
The domestic and foreign components of income (loss) before income taxes were as follows:
Year Ended December 31,
2024
2023
2022
(in thousands)
Domestic 
$
159,623

$
125,691

$
116,871

Foreign 
1,870

(
1,134
)
(
680
)
Income before income taxes 
$
161,493

$
124,557

$
116,191

The income tax expense for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022 consisted of the following:
Year Ended December 31,
2024
2023
2022
(in thousands)
U.S. federal taxes:
Current
$
49,716

$
40,265

$
39,132

Deferred
(
35,845
)
(
25,613
)
(
28,122
)
Total U.S. federal taxes
13,871

14,652

11,010

State taxes:
Current
10,504

7,590

9,515

Deferred
(
3,783
)
(
2,645
)
(
5,313
)
Total state taxes
6,721

4,945

4,202

Foreign taxes:
Current
256

56

30

Deferred
(
564
)
(
1,236
)
(
469
)
Total foreign taxes
(
308
)
(
1,180
)
(
439
)
Total provision for income taxes
$
20,284

$
18,417

$
14,773

Beginning in 2022, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 eliminated the right to deduct research and development expenditures for tax purposes in the period the expenses were incurred and instead requires all U.S. and foreign research and development expenditures to be amortized over five and fifteen tax years, respectively. Congress has considered legislation that would defer the amortization requirement to later years, but as of December 31, 2024, the requirement has not been modified. Accordingly, we have capitalized our research and development expenses for tax purposes, resulting in higher cash paid for taxes as compared to prior years.
F-20
CORCEPT THERAPEUTICS INCORPORATED 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, Continued
Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. 
Significant components of our deferred tax assets are as follows:
Year Ended December 31,
2024
2023
Deferred tax assets:
(in thousands)
Federal and state net operating losses
$
3,470

$
3,942

Capitalized research and patent costs
293

908

Capitalized research expenditures
93,010

61,760

Research credits
13,326

11,682

Stock-based compensation costs
25,295

21,676

Operating lease liability
1,695

37

Accruals and Reserves
10,358

7,996

Other
2,228

—

Total deferred tax assets
149,675

108,001

Valuation allowance
(
17,460
)
(
15,947
)
Deferred tax liabilities
Operating lease right-of-use asset
(
1,301
)
(
30
)
Other
—

(
1,419
)
Total deferred tax liabilities
(
1,301
)
(
1,449
)
Net deferred tax assets
$
130,914

$
90,605

Each quarter, we assess the likelihood that we will generate sufficient taxable income to use our federal and state deferred tax assets. Except for the valuation allowances that offset our California net deferred tax assets, we have determined that it is more likely than not we will realize the benefit related to all other deferred tax assets. To the extent we increase a valuation allowance, we will include an expense in the Consolidated Statement of Income in the period in which such determination is made.
The valuation allowance increased by $
1.5
 million, $
1.1
 million and $
1.9
 million for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
As of December 31, 2024, we had California net operating loss carryforwards of $
49.4
 million, which will begin to expire in the year 2035.
As of December 31, 2024, we also had California research and development credits of $
19.3
 million, which have no expiration date.
The following table presents a reconciliation from the statutory federal income tax rate to the effective rate.

Year Ended December 31,

2024
2023
2022

(in thousands)
U.S. federal taxes at statutory rate
$
33,914

$
26,157

$
24,400

R&D and other credits
(
16,002
)
(
11,508
)
(
9,114
)
State income taxes, net of federal benefit
5,288

3,897

3,320

Non-deductible compensation
4,431

3,295

4,354

Stock-based compensation
(
8,464
)
(
2,951
)
(
7,980
)
Other
1,117

(
473
)
(
207
)
Total
$
20,284

$
18,417

$
14,773

F-21
CORCEPT THERAPEUTICS INCORPORATED 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, Continued
We maintain liabilities for uncertain tax positions. The measurement of these liabilities involves considerable judgment and estimation and are continuously monitored by management based on the best information available, including changes in tax regulations, the outcome of relevant court cases, and other pertinent information.
The aggregate annual changes in the balance of gross unrecognized tax benefits are as follows:
Year Ended December 31,
2024
2023
2022
(in thousands)
Beginning balance
$
13,022

$
11,425

$
9,237

Increase in tax positions for prior years
86

112

53

Decreases in tax positions for prior years
(
399
)
(
205
)
—

Decrease in tax positions for expirations of statute of limitations
—

(
750
)
—

Increase in tax positions for current year
3,740

2,440

2,135

Decrease in tax positions for current year
—

—

—

Ending balance
$
16,449

$
13,022

$
11,425

As of December 31, 2024, the amount of unrecognized tax benefits that would favorably impact the effective tax rate were approximately $
13.1
 million, and approximately $
3.4
 million of unrecognized tax benefits would be offset by a change in the valuation allowance. A valuation allowance is maintained on the remaining tax benefits related to California deferred tax assets and would not impact the effective tax rate. We had $
1.0
 million of accrued interest and 
no
 accrued penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2024. We had 
no
 or insignificant amounts of accrued interest and 
no
 accrued penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2023 and 2022. We do not expect our unrecognized tax benefits to change materially over the next 12 months.
While we believe we have adequately provided for all tax positions, amounts asserted by tax authorities could be greater or less than the recorded position. Accordingly, our provisions on federal and state tax-related matters to be recorded in the future may change as revised estimates are made or the underlying matters are settled or otherwise resolved.
The Company’s primary tax jurisdiction is the United States. For federal tax purposes, the years 2021 through 2024 remain open and subject to tax examination. For US state tax purposes, the years 2004 through 2024 generally remain open and subject to tax examination by the appropriate state taxing authorities.
10. 
Commitments and Contingencies
Manufacturing Agreements
We have agreements with manufacturers to supply mifepristone, the active pharmaceutical ingredient (“API”) in our Products, and to produce and bottle tablets of our Products.
As of December 31, 2024, we had a $
17.4
 million remaining obligation in connection with commitments to purchase API from these manufacturers. 
Taxes
As of 
December 31, 2024
, we have recorded non-current taxes payable of 
$
14.1
 million
 related to uncertain tax positions.
Legal Proceedings
In the ordinary course of business, we may be subject to legal claims and regulatory actions that could have a material adverse effect on our business or financial position. We assess our potential liability in such situations by analyzing the possible outcomes of various litigation, regulatory and settlement strategies. If we determine a loss is probable and its amount can be reasonably estimated, we accrue an amount equal to the estimated loss.
F-22
CORCEPT THERAPEUTICS INCORPORATED 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, Continued
Melucci Litigation and Settlement
In March 2019, a purported securities class action complaint was filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California by Nicholas Melucci (
Melucci v. Corcept Therapeutics Incorporated, et al.
, Case No. 5:19-cv-01372-LHK) (the “Melucci litigation”). The complaint named us and certain of our executive officers as defendants asserting violations of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder and alleged that the defendants made false and materially misleading statements and failed to disclose adverse facts about our business, operations and prospects. The complaint asserted a putative class period extending from August 2, 2017 to February 5, 2019 and sought unspecified monetary relief, interest and attorneys’ fees. On June 6, 2024, Judge James Donato of the United States District Court for the Northern District of California granted final approval of a settlement resolving all claims in the Melucci litigation (the “Melucci Settlement”). As previously disclosed, the Melucci Settlement required us to make a one-time payment of $
14.0
 million for which our insurers reimbursed us in full. On September 6, 2024, Judge Donato approved the Plan of Allocation for payment of the settlement funds to eligible members of the class of plaintiffs. This matter is closed.
No
 other losses and 
no
 other provisions for a loss contingency have been recorded to date.
F-23