ITEM 1.  BUSINESS
Overview
We are a commercial-stage company engaged in the discovery and development of medications to treat severe endocrinologic, oncologic, metabolic and neurologic disorders by modulating the effects of the hormone cortisol.
Cortisol plays a significant role in the body’s response to stress and is essential for survival. Cortisol influences metabolism and the immune system and contributes to emotional stability. Cortisol levels follow a diurnal rhythm that is essential to health, peaking upon awakening and decreasing during the day. Insufficient cortisol activity may lead to dehydration, hypotension, shock, fatigue and hypoglycemia. Excessive cortisol activity, known as hypercortisolism, may lead to hypertension, diabetes, impaired glucose tolerance, obesity, fatty liver disease, depressed mood, psychosis, wasting of the arms and legs, edema, fatigue, insomnia and other problems.
Cortisol reduces a patient’s immune response to oncogenesis, shields certain cancer cells from the apoptotic effects of chemotherapy and facilitates the growth of others. Pre-clinical and clinical data indicate that modulating cortisol activity may improve outcomes in patients with fatty liver disease and metabolic dysfunction-associated steatohepatitis (“MASH”), which are precursors of liver fibrosis and cirrhosis. Pre-clinical and clinical data also suggest that modulating cortisol activity may lead to treatments for patients with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (“ALS”).
1
Since 2012, we have marketed Korlym in the United States for the treatment of patients suffering from hypercortisolism (also known as “Cushing’s syndrome”). In June 2024, we made available an authorized generic version of Korlym for the same indication. The challenge in treating a patient with hypercortisolism is modulating cortisol’s effects without either inappropriately suppressing them or disrupting cortisol’s normal diurnal rhythm. Simply reducing or destroying the ability of the body to make cortisol can cause serious harm. Cortisol activity can be modulated effectively by a drug that competes with cortisol’s binding to the glucocorticoid receptor (“GR”).
Because Korlym’s active ingredient, mifepristone, reduces the binding of excess cortisol to the GR, it can modulate the effects of abnormal levels and release patterns of cortisol without compromising cortisol’s healthy functions and rhythms. However, mifepristone also binds to the progesterone receptor (“PR”), thereby terminating pregnancy and causing other adverse effects, including endometrial thickening and vaginal bleeding, a debilitating condition suffered by a significant portion of women who take Korlym. On December 30, 2024, we submitted to the United States Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”) a New Drug Application (“NDA”) for a proprietary cortisol modulator we have developed, relacorilant, that, like Korlym, modulates the effects of cortisol by binding at the GR, but has no affinity for the PR and so does not cause PR-related side effects.
In addition to relacorilant, we have discovered more than 1,000 proprietary cortisol modulators that bind to the GR but have no affinity for the PR and therefore do not cause effects arising from antagonism of progesterone activity, such as termination of pregnancy, endometrial thickening and vaginal bleeding. The composition of these “selective” cortisol modulators and their methods of use in a wide range of indications are covered by U.S. and foreign patents.
Our lead compounds are being evaluated in clinical trials as potential treatments for a variety of serious disorders – hypercortisolism, advanced ovarian cancer, prostate cancer, ALS and MASH.
Hypercortisolism (Cushing
’
s Syndrome)
Background.
 Hypercortisolism is the result of a tumor that produces either cortisol or adrenal corticotropic hormone, a hormone that causes the adrenal glands to produce cortisol. Abnormally high levels of cortisol lead to overstimulation of the GR, which gives rise to a wide range of serious adverse effects. Most people with hypercortisolism have one or more of the following symptoms: hypertension, diabetes, impaired glucose tolerance, obesity, fatty liver disease, wasting of the arms and legs, edema, fatigue and insomnia. Irritability, anxiety, cognitive disturbances and depression are also common. Hypercortisolism can affect every organ system in the body and can be lethal if not treated. If the tumor can be found, the preferred treatment is surgery, which, if successful, can cure the disease. In approximately half of patients who receive surgery, the procedure is not successful. Depending on the type of tumor, surgery can also result in a range of complications and recurrence of the disease is common.
Our Products.
 We sell Korlym and a generic version of Korlym in the United States (our “Products”), using sales representatives to call on physicians caring for patients with hypercortisolism. We also have a field-based force of medical science liaisons. We use a specialty pharmacy and a specialty distributor to distribute our Products and provide logistical support to physicians and patients. Our policy is that no patient with hypercortisolism will be denied access to our Products for financial reasons. To help us achieve that goal, we have patient support programs and donate money to independent charitable foundations that help patients pay for all aspects of their hypercortisolism care, whether or not that care includes taking our Products.
Because most people who suffer from hypercortisolism are undiagnosed or inadequately treated, we have developed and continue to refine and expand programs to educate physicians and patients about screening for hypercortisolism and the role our Products can play in treating patients with the disorder. In 2024, we conducted the CATALYST study to determine the prevalence of hypercortisolism in patients with difficult-to-control diabetes (defined as HbA1c of 7.5 percent or higher) despite receiving optimum treatment. Of the 1,057 patients enrolled in the first phase of CATALYST, 23.8 percent were found to have hypercortisolism. These patients were offered the chance to enter CATALYST’s second phase, in which 136 eligible patients were randomized 2:1 to receive either Korlym or placebo for 24 weeks. CATALYST’s primary endpoint was the difference in HbA1c in patients who received Korlym compared to patients who received placebo. Patients who received Korlym exhibited a clinically meaningful and statistically significant improvement in hemoglobin A1c, with a decrease from baseline of 1.47 percent, compared to a decrease of 0.15 percent in patients who received placebo (p-value: < 0.0001). The safety profile of Korlym in CATALYST was consistent with the medication’s label: No new side effects or adverse events were identified. 
The CATALYST data will help physicians better identify patients with hypercortisolism and determine their optimal treatment.
Relacorilant.
 We are developing our proprietary, selective cortisol modulator, relacorilant, as a treatment for patients with hypercortisolism. Relacorilant shares Korlym’s affinity for the GR but, unlike Korlym, has no affinity for the PR and so is 
2
not the “abortion pill” and does not cause other effects associated with PR affinity, including endometrial thickening and vaginal bleeding. Because relacorilant does not meaningfully increase cortisol levels, it does not cause hypokalemia (low potassium), a potentially serious condition that is a leading cause of patients stopping treatment with Korlym. Forty-four percent of patients in Korlym’s pivotal trial experienced hypokalemia. Unlike all other medications used to treat hypercortisolism, relacorilant does not prolong the heart’s QT interval, a potentially deadly off-target effect.
In December 2024, we submitted an NDA to the FDA seeking approval to market relacorilant as a treatment for patients with endogenous hypercortisolism. The NDA is based on positive results from our pivotal trial “GRACE”, as well as confirmatory evidence from our Phase 3 “GRADIENT” trial, our Phase 3 long-term extension study and our Phase 2 study. In all of these trials, patients exhibited clinically meaningful improvements in a wide range of hypercortisolism signs and symptoms, including hypertension, glucose control, weight and body composition. Relacorilant was well-tolerated in all of the trials. Notably, patients did not experience some of the serious adverse events that can arise in patients taking Korlym or other currently approved treatments.
The GRACE trial had two parts. The first, open-label phase enrolled 152 patients with any etiology of hypercortisolism. Each patient received relacorilant for 22 weeks. Patients who exhibited pre-specified improvements in either hypertension, hyperglycemia or both symptoms proceeded to GRACE’s second, double-blind, randomized withdrawal phase, in which half of the patients continued to receive relacorilant and half received placebo for 12 weeks. GRACE’s primary endpoint was the number of patients in the relacorilant group who lost blood pressure control compared to the number who lost blood pressure control in the placebo group.
In the open-label phase, patients experienced clinically meaningful and statistically significant improvements in a wide-array of hypercortisolism signs and symptoms, including hypertension, hyperglycemia, weight, waist circumference, fat and lean body mass, cognition and Cushing’s Quality of Life score. Rapid and sustained improvements in systolic blood pressure (“SBP”) and diastolic blood pressure (“DBP”) were observed in all patients with hypertension, with an improvement in mean SBP of 7.9 mm Hg and mean DBP of 5.4 mm Hg at 22 weeks (p-values: <0.0001). During the open-label phase, 63 percent of patients with hypertension met the study’s response criteria. The improvements were even greater in the patients with hypertension who entered the randomized withdrawal phase, with reductions in SBP of 12.6 mm Hg and DBP of 8.3 mm Hg (p-values: <0.0001). To ensure accuracy, hypertension was measured by 24-hour ambulatory blood pressure monitoring (“ABPM”).
Glucose metabolism was measured by several diagnostic tests, including the oral glucose tolerance test (glucose area under the curve or AUCglucose), hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) and fasting glucose. In the open-label phase, clinically meaningful and statistically significant improvements in glucose metabolism were observed in patients with diabetes or impaired glucose tolerance (i.e., pre-diabetes), with reductions in AUCglucose of 3.3 h*mmol/L, HbA1c of 0.3 percent and fasting glucose of 12.4 mg/dL at 22 weeks (p-values: <0.0001, 0.03, 0.03, respectively). During the open-label phase, 50 percent of patients with hyperglycemia met the study’s response criteria. Patients with hyperglycemia who entered the randomized withdrawal phase exhibited more pronounced improvements, with reductions in AUCglucose of 6.2 h*mmol/L, HbA1c of 0.7 percent and fasting glucose of 25.2 mg/dL at 22 weeks (p-values: <0.0001, <0.0001, 0.006, respectively).
GRACE met its primary endpoint. Patients with hypertension who were switched to placebo in the randomized withdrawal phase were significantly more likely to lose blood pressure control than were patients who continued to receive relacorilant (odds ratio: 0.17; p-value: 0.02). Patients who continued to receive relacorilant also maintained their improvements in hyperglycemia, waist circumference, fat and lean tissue mass, while patients who received placebo experienced a significant worsening of hypercortisolism signs and symptoms.
Our Phase 3 GRADIENT study enrolled patients with hypercortisolism caused by adrenal adenomas or adrenal hyperplasia. These patients have a more gradual decline than patients with other etiologies of hypercortisolism, although their health outcomes are ultimately poor. GRADIENT enrolled 137 patients with hypercortisolism and either hypertension, hyperglycemia or both. Patients were randomized on a double-blind basis 1:1 to receive either relacorilant or placebo for 22 weeks. The trial’s primary endpoint was the improvement compared to placebo in systolic blood pressure with glycemic control, weight and body composition as secondary endpoints.
Patients in GRADIENT who received relacorilant exhibited clinically meaningful and statistically significant improvements in hypertension, hyperglycemia, weight and body composition compared to baseline, while patients who received placebo did not. 
GRADIENT patients with hypertension who received relacorilant experienced a reduction in systolic blood pressure of 6.6 mm Hg (p-value 0.012) compared to baseline. The reduction in patients who received placebo was 2.1 mm Hg (p-value: ns) compared to baseline. The comparison between those who received relacorilant and placebo was not statistically significant. During the study, five patients who received placebo required rescue therapy with anti-hypertension medications, compared to 
3
one patient who received relacorilant. To ensure accuracy, hypertension was measured by 24-hour ambulatory blood pressure monitoring.
GRADIENT patients with hyperglycemia who received relacorilant experienced clinically meaningful and statistically significant improvements in glucose metabolism, including fasting glucose (placebo-adjusted reduction of 22.2 mg/dL; p-value 0.002), area under the curve of the oral glucose tolerance test (placebo-adjusted reduction of 2.6 h*mmol/L; p-value 0.046) and hemoglobin A1c (placebo-adjusted reduction of 0.3 percent; p-value 0.019), compared to those who received placebo.
Patients in GRADIENT who received relacorilant experienced clinically meaningful and statistically significant improvements in body weight (placebo-adjusted reduction of 3.9 kg; p-value: 0.0001) and visceral adipose fat mass and volume (p-values: 0.018 and 0.016, respectively), compared to patients who received placebo.
Relacorilant was well-tolerated in GRADIENT, with side effects consistent with its other clinical trials. The most common adverse events were mild-to-moderate nausea, edema, pain in the extremities and back, and fatigue – all symptoms associated with the “cortisol withdrawal” many patients experience when cortisol activity reverts to a more normal level, following surgery or the start of medical therapy for hypercortisolism. Importantly, there were no relacorilant-induced instances of hypokalemia, endometrial hypertrophy or drug-induced vaginal bleeding, adrenal insufficiency or QT prolongation.
Patients who completed our Phase 2 study or the GRACE or GRADIENT trials were eligible to enter our open-label, long-term extension study. Of the 116 patients who chose to do so, the duration of the treatment has been up to six years. In December 2024, we announced that patients who remained in the study for 24 months exhibited, at that time, further clinically meaningful and statistically significant reductions in systolic (10.0 mm Hg; p-value: 0.012) and diastolic blood pressure (7.3 mm Hg; p-value: 0.016), compared to their blood pressure at entry into the long-term extension study. These patients had also maintained response in other cardiometabolic measures, such as glycemic control and body weight. Consistent with its known safety profile, relacorilant was well-tolerated.
The FDA and the European Commission (“EC”) have designated relacorilant as an orphan drug for the treatment of hypercortisolism. In the United States, relacorilant’s orphan designation confers tax credits, reduced regulatory fees and, provided we obtain approval for the treatment of patients with hypercortisolism, seven years of exclusive marketing rights. Benefits of orphan drug designation by the EC are similar, but also include protocol assistance from the European Medicines Agency (“EMA”), access to the centralized marketing authorization procedure in the European Union (“EU”) and, if we obtain approval, ten years of exclusive marketing rights in the EU for the treatment of patients with hypercortisolism.
Oncology
There is substantial evidence that cortisol activity at the GR reduces the efficacy of certain anti-cancer therapies and that modulating cortisol’s activity may help anti-cancer treatments achieve their intended effect. In some cancers, cortisol retards cellular apoptosis – the tumor-killing effect many treatments are meant to stimulate. In other cancers, cortisol activity promotes tumor growth. Cortisol also suppresses the body’s immune response; activating – not suppressing – the immune system is beneficial in fighting certain cancers. Many types of solid tumors express the GR and are potential targets for cortisol modulation therapy, among them ovarian, adrenal and prostate cancer.
Relacorilant in Patients with Platinum-Resistant Ovarian Cancer.
 We are conducting a pivotal Phase 3 trial (“ROSELLA”) of our proprietary, selective cortisol modulator, relacorilant combined with nab-paclitaxel as a treatment for patients with platinum-resistant ovarian cancer. Enrollment in ROSELLA is complete. Three hundred eighty-one women with recurrent, platinum-resistant ovarian cancer were randomized 1:1 to receive either 150 mg of relacorilant intermittently in addition to nab-paclitaxel or nab-paclitaxel monotherapy. ROSELLA has dual primary endpoints – progression free survival (“PFS”) and overall survival (“OS”). ROSELLA will have a statistically positive outcome if either endpoint is met. Patients enrolled in ROSELLA were required to have received prior bevacizumab therapy, which is the approved standard of care for patients with platinum-resistant ovarian cancer. Women with a history of tumors that do not respond to initial platinum-based treatments (i.e., women with “primary platinum-refractory” disease) and those who have received more than three prior lines of therapy were excluded.
ROSELLA seeks to replicate the positive results of our Phase 2 trial, a 178-patient, controlled, multi-center, trial of relacorilant combined with nab-paclitaxel in patients with platinum-resistant ovarian cancer. Phase 2 study participants were randomized to one of three treatment arms: 60 women received 150 mg of relacorilant intermittently (the day before, the day of and the day after their weekly nab-paclitaxel infusion) and 58 women received a daily relacorilant dose of 100 mg per day in addition to nab-paclitaxel. Sixty women received nab-paclitaxel alone. The trial’s primary endpoint was PFS.
Patients in both of the relacorilant plus nab-paclitaxel treatment arms of the Phase 2 trial experienced longer PFS than did the patients who received nab-paclitaxel alone. Patients who received a higher dose of relacorilant intermittently exhibited a 
4
statistically significant improvement in median PFS (5.6 months versus 3.8 months, hazard ratio: 0.66; p-value: 0.038). Patients who received a lower dose of relacorilant daily exhibited a median PFS that was 1.5 months longer than did the patients who received nab-paclitaxel alone (5.3 months versus 3.8 months, hazard ratio: 0.83; p-value: not significant). Patients who received relacorilant intermittently also had a longer median duration of response (“DoR”) (5.6 months versus 3.7 months, hazard ratio: 0.36; p-value: 0.006) compared to those who received nab-paclitaxel alone. Patients who received relacorilant intermittently also lived longer (median OS: 13.9 months versus 12.2 months, hazard ratio: 0.67; p-value: 0.066) compared to those who received nab-paclitaxel alone.
Notably, the addition of relacorilant to treatment with nab-paclitaxel did not create an additional adverse event burden for patients.

Safety and tolerability of relacorilant and nab-paclitaxel combination treatment were comparable to the safety and tolerability of nab-paclitaxel monotherapy.
The final analysis from our Phase 2 trial was published in the 
Journal of Clinical Oncology
 (Colombo et al., 2023), the premiere journal of the American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO).
Relacorilant in Patients with Adrenal Cancer with Cortisol Excess.
 We have completed an open-label, Phase 1b trial of relacorilant plus the PD-1 checkpoint inhibitor pembrolizumab in 14 patients with metastatic or unresectable adrenal cancer whose tumors produce cortisol. Patients with this form of adrenal cancer virtually never respond to immunotherapy and their disease progresses very rapidly. Our trial sought to test whether adding relacorilant to pembrolizumab therapy would reduce cortisol-activated immune suppression sufficiently to help the patient’s immune system reduce or eradicate the patient’s tumors while also reducing the symptoms of hypercortisolism caused by the tumors’ hypersecretion of cortisol.

Although patients exhibited significant improvements in their symptoms of hypercortisolism, such as reductions in hypertension and hyperglycemia, their tumor progression did not slow. The combination of relacorilant with pembrolizumab was well-tolerated. We are evaluating next steps to better understand the role cortisol modulation may play in combination with immunotherapies directed to other tumor types and earlier stages of cancer.
Relacorilant in Patients with Prostate Cancer
. Androgen deprivation is the standard treatment for prostate cancer because androgens stimulate prostate tumor growth. Prostate cancer tumors eventually escape androgen deprivation therapy; one of the prime reasons is that these tumors begin to be stimulated by cortisol’s activity. Combining a cortisol modulator with an androgen modulator may block this escape route. Our collaborators at the University of Chicago have initiated a randomized, placebo-controlled Phase 2 trial of relacorilant plus enzalutamide in patients with prostate cancer, pre-prostatectomy. We are providing relacorilant and placebo for the study.

Patents we have licensed from the University of Chicago cover the use of relacorilant combined with anticancer agents, including enzalutamide, to treat patients with this disease.
ALS
ALS, also known as Lou Gehrig’s disease, is a devastating neuromuscular illness. Our selective cortisol modulator dazucorilant improved motor performance and reduced neuroinflammation and muscular atrophy in an animal model of ALS. Following these compelling results, we initiated a Phase 2 trial (“DAZALS”) of dazucorilant in patients with ALS. Two hundred forty-nine patients were randomized on a double-blind basis 1:1:1 to receive either 150 mg of dazucorilant, 300 mg of dazucorilant or placebo daily for 24 weeks. Upon completion of the trial, patients were eligible to enter an open-label, long-term extension study, in which they receive 300 mg of dazucorilant for up to 132 weeks. DAZALS did not meet its primary endpoint, which was the change from baseline in the ALS Functional Rating Scale-Revised (ALSFRS-R) in patients who received dazucorilant compared to those who received placebo. Patients who received dazucorilant also experienced substantially more gastrointestinal upset at the onset of treatment than did those who received placebo. During the 24-week study, no deaths (0/83) were observed in the 300 mg dazucorilant arm, compared to 5 deaths (5/82) in the placebo group (p-value: 0.02). The open-label, long-term extension study, which enrolled 118 patients, will continue. Pursuant to the study protocol, overall survival will be assessed again in March 2025. The FDA has granted dazucorilant Fast Track Designation and orphan drug status for the treatment of ALS in the United States.
Metabolic Diseases
Liver Disease.
 Metabolic dysfunction-associated steatohepatitis (“MASH”) is an advanced form of metabolic dysfunction-associated fatty liver disease that afflicts millions of patients and is a leading cause of liver-related mortality. Our Phase 1b trial of the selective cortisol modulator miricorilant as a potential treatment for MASH identified a dosing regimen that reduced liver fat, improved liver health and key metabolic and lipid measures and was well-tolerated. Following these compelling results, we initiated a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, Phase 2b trial (“MONARCH”) of miricorilant in patients with MASH in October 2023. MONARCH has two patient cohorts. Cohort A has a planned enrollment of 120 patients with biopsy-confirmed MASH, randomized 2:1 to receive either 100 mg of miricorilant twice weekly or placebo for 48 weeks. The primary endpoint of Cohort A is reduction in liver fat, with MASH resolution and fibrosis improvement as key 
5
secondary endpoints. Cohort B has a planned enrollment of 75 patients with presumed MASH, randomized 2:1 to receive either 100 mg of miricorilant twice weekly for 6 weeks and then 200 mg of miricorilant twice weekly for 18 weeks or placebo for 24 weeks. The primary endpoint of Cohort B is reduction in liver fat.
Development of Other Selective Cortisol Modulators
Our portfolio of proprietary selective cortisol modulators consists of four structurally distinct series. More than 1,000 of these compounds, including relacorilant, miricorilant and dazucorilant, potently bind to the GR but not the progesterone, estrogen or androgen receptors. We hold U.S. and foreign patents covering these compounds and their methods of use in a wide range of indications. We have applied, and will continue to apply, for patents covering the composition and method of use of our Products and product candidates. See “Business – Intellectual Property” for additional information.
We continue to create new selective cortisol modulators, the most promising of which we advance towards the clinic.
Studies by Independent Investigators
For many years we have advanced our understanding of cortisol modulation by supporting the work of independent academic investigators. These researchers have studied the potential utility of mifepristone and our proprietary selective cortisol modulators in a wide range of disorders, including central serous retinopathy, post-traumatic stress disorder, anxiety, alcoholism, cocaine addiction, Alzheimer’s disease, ALS, hypercortisolism, metabolic syndrome, atherosclerosis, fatty liver disease, sarcoma, melanoma and solid tumors, including triple-negative breast, prostate, ovarian and non-small cell lung cancers.
Clinical Trial Agreements
We typically conduct our clinical trials with the assistance of clinical research organizations (“CROs”). Syneos Health is helping us conduct our ROSELLA trial. Medpace Research is helping us conduct our MONARCH trial. We may terminate our agreements with Syneos Health on 60 days’ written notice and with Medpace Research without cause at any time.
Research and Development Spending
We incurred $246.9 million, $184.4 million and $131.0 million of research and development expense in the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively, which accounted for 46 percent, 49 percent and 45 percent, respectively, of our total operating expenses in those years.
Manufacturing
We rely on contract manufacturers to produce our Products and product candidates.
We have agreements with manufacturers to supply mifepristone, the active pharmaceutical ingredient (“API”) in our Products, and to produce and bottle tablets of our Products. We have purchased and hold significant quantities of API.
Competition
Our Products compete with established treatments, including surgery, radiation and other medications, including “off-label” uses of drugs such as ketoconazole, an anti-fungal medication, and metyrapone, which is approved for testing hypothalamic-pituitary function. Our Products also compete with Signifor
®
 (pasireotide) Injection and Isturisa
®
 (osilodrostat). Both of these drugs are approved by the FDA for the treatment of adult patients with Cushing’s disease who are not candidates for pituitary surgery or for whom surgery did not work, and both are sold by the Italian pharmaceutical company Recordati S.p.A (“Recordati”). Cushing’s disease is a subset of hypercortisolism. In the EU, osilodrostat is also approved as a treatment for hypercortisolism. Our Products also compete with Recorlev
®
 (levoketoconazole), a chiral form of the commonly-prescribed cortisol synthesis inhibitor ketoconazole, that is sold by Xeris Biopharma Holdings, Inc. (“Xeris”), as a treatment for patients with hypercortisolism.
The orphan drug marketing exclusivity period for Korlym ended in February 2019, which means a competitor that receives FDA approval for a generic equivalent of Korlym may market its drug to patients with hypercortisolism, provided doing so would not infringe any of our patents. In January 2024, Teva launched a generic version of Korlym. We sued Teva Pharmaceuticals USA, Inc. (“Teva”) in federal district court to prevent them from marketing generic versions of Korlym in violation of our patents. In response, Teva separately challenged the validity of one of our patents in a post grant review (“PGR”) proceeding before the Patent Trial and Appeal Board (“PTAB”). In November 2020, the PTAB rejected Teva’s claims, affirming the validity of our patent in its entirety. Teva appealed to the Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit, which affirmed the PTAB’s decision. On December 29, 2023, the federal district in which we had sued Teva issued a ruling finding 
6
that Teva’s proposed product would not infringe the two patents we had asserted against it. We have appealed that decision to the Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit. See “Part I, Item 3, Legal Proceedings” for additional information.
Intellectual Property
Overview.
 Patents and other proprietary rights are important to our business. We own U.S. composition of matter patents related to our next-generation cortisol modulators. Foreign counterparts of some of these patents have been issued in Europe, Japan, China, Canada, Australia and other countries. The expiration dates of these patents and their foreign counterparts range from 2025 to 2041.
We also own U.S. and foreign patents directed to the use of our selective cortisol modulators in the treatment of a variety of serious disorders, including hypercortisolism, various cancers, fatty liver disease, and other disorders.
We continue to file patent applications in the United States and abroad.

There can be no guarantee that any of these applications will result in the issuance of patents, that any issued patent will include claims of the breadth we are seeking or that competitors or other third parties will not successfully challenge or circumvent our patents if they are issued.
We believe our patents are valid and that the production and use of our patented compounds and methods do not infringe the proprietary rights of others. Accordingly, we believe we are not obligated to pay royalties relating to the use of intellectual property to any third parties except the University of Chicago, from which we have licensed certain patents, as described below.
Hypercortisolism.
 The composition of matter patent covering Korlym’s active ingredient, mifepristone, has expired. We own U.S. method of use patents directed to the use of Korlym in the treatment of patients with hypercortisolism, with expiration dates ranging from 2028 to 2038. Furthermore, we own U.S. composition of matter and method of use patents using our proprietary selective cortisol modulators directed to the treatment of patients with hypercortisolism, with expiration dates ranging from 2033 to 2041. We have asserted two patents directed to patients with hypercortisolism in a lawsuit against Teva Pharmaceuticals USA, Inc. (“Teva”) in a lawsuit filed in Federal District Court. On December 29, 2023, the Court found that Teva’s proposed generic version of Korlym would not infringe either patent. We are appealing that decision to the Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit. We do not know when our appeal will be resolved. See “Part I, Item 3, Legal Proceedings” for additional details.
Oncology
. We own U.S. patents covering methods of treating cancer using our proprietary selective cortisol modulators with expiration dates ranging from 2033 to 2041. In addition, we have exclusively licensed from the University of Chicago U.S. patents for (a) the use of cortisol modulators in the treatment of triple-negative breast cancer, and (b) the use of cortisol modulators to treat castration resistant prostate cancer (“CRPC”). We are required to pay the University of Chicago customary milestone fees and royalties on revenue from products commercialized under the issued patents or patents that may issue pursuant to the pending applications. Our license will end upon expiration of the licensed patents in 2031 and 2033 or upon notification by us to the University of Chicago. See “Business – License Agreements” for additional information.
We hold U.S. and international patents covering relacorilant’s composition of matter, as well as U.S. patents covering its use to treat patients with ovarian and pancreatic cancer.

We also own or have exclusively licensed U.S. and European patents covering the use of GR modulators, including relacorilant, miricorilant, dazucorilant, and other of our proprietary compounds to treat a variety of disorders, including CRPC and other solid tumors. Relacorilant has been designated an orphan drug in both the United States and the EU for the treatment of pancreatic cancer.
Other Indications
. In addition to the United States and foreign patents we own or have licensed relating to hypercortisolism and various cancers, we also own U.S. and foreign patents for the use of cortisol modulators to treat ALS, fatty liver disease, delirium, catatonia, psychosis induced by interferon-alpha therapy, migraine headaches, gastroesophageal reflux disease, neurological damage in premature infants, for the improvement of therapeutic response to electroconvulsive therapy, and in the treatment of diseases using combined steroid and GR modulator therapy. The expiration dates of these patents and their foreign counterparts range from 2025 to 2039.
Government Regulation
Prescription pharmaceutical products are subject to extensive pre- and post-approval regulation governing the research, development, testing, manufacturing, safety, efficacy, labeling, storage, record keeping, and advertising and promotion of the products under the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act. All of our product candidates require regulatory approval by government agencies prior to commercialization and are subject to continued regulatory oversight thereafter. Before a new drug may be marketed in the United States, the FDA generally requires completion of preclinical laboratory and animal testing, performance of adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials to establish the safety and efficacy of the proposed drug’s 
7
intended use and approval by the FDA. Complying with these and other federal and state statutes and regulations involves significant time and expense.
Prior to beginning the first clinical trial with a product candidate in the United States, a sponsor must submit an investigational new drug application (“IND”) to the FDA. An IND is a request for authorization from the FDA to administer an investigational new drug product to humans. The central focus of an IND submission is on the general investigational plan and the protocol(s) for clinical studies. The IND also includes results of animal and in vitro studies assessing the toxicology, pharmacokinetics, pharmacology, and pharmacodynamics characteristics of the drug, chemistry, manufacturing, and controls information, and any available human data or literature to support the use of the investigational drug. An IND must become effective before human clinical trials may begin.
Clinical trials involve the administration of the investigational drug to human subjects under the supervision of qualified investigators in accordance with Good Clinical Practice regulations, which include the requirement that all research subjects provide their informed consent for their participation in any clinical study. Clinical trials are conducted under protocols detailing, among other things, the objectives of the study, the parameters to be used in monitoring safety and the effectiveness criteria to be evaluated. Typically, human clinical trials are conducted in three sequential phases that may overlap. 
•
Phase 1. The product candidate is administered to a small number of healthy subjects or patients with the target disease or condition to provide preliminary information as to its safety, tolerability and pharmacokinetics and sometimes to provide preliminary information as to its activity and/or efficacy.
•
Phase 2. The product candidate is administered to a limited patient population with a specified disease or condition to evaluate its preliminary efficacy, optimal dosages and to identify possible adverse events and safety risks.
•
Phase 3. The product candidate is administered to a larger group of patients with the target disease or condition to further evaluate dosage, establish its risk/benefit ratio and to provide an adequate basis for product approval.
The FDA and the institutional review boards associated with clinical trial sites closely monitor the progress of clinical trials conducted in the United States and may reevaluate, alter, suspend or terminate a trial at any time for various reasons, including a belief that the subjects are being exposed to unacceptable risks. The FDA may also require that additional trials be conducted to address and evaluate any potential safety risks.
Assuming successful completion of all required testing in accordance with all applicable regulatory requirements, drug developers will submit the results of preclinical studies, clinical trials, formulation studies and data supporting manufacturing to the FDA in the form of an NDA requesting approval to market the drug for one or more indications. The submission of an NDA requires payment of a substantial application user fee to the FDA, unless a waiver or exemption applies. Within 60 days following submission of the application, the FDA reviews an NDA submitted to determine if it is substantially complete before the FDA accepts it for filing. Once filed, the FDA reviews an NDA to determine, among other things, whether a product is safe and effective for its intended use and whether its manufacturing is sufficient to assure and preserve the drug’s identity, strength, quality and purity.

Under the Prescription Drug User Fee Act, the FDA has a goal of responding to NDAs within ten months of the filing date for standard review, and six months for priority review, which the FDA may undertake, in its sole discretion, if a sponsor shows that its drug candidate is designed to treat a serious condition, and if approved, would provide a significant improvement in safety or effectiveness compared to marketed drugs. FDA approvals may not be granted on a timely basis or at all.
In addition, under the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may grant orphan designation to a drug intended to treat a rare disease or condition, defined as a disease or condition with a patient population of fewer than 200,000 individuals in the United States, or a patient population greater than 200,000 individuals in the United States and when there is no reasonable expectation that the cost of developing and making available the drug in the United States will be recovered from sales in the United States for that drug.

If a product that has orphan drug designation subsequently receives the first FDA approval for a particular active ingredient for the disease for which it has such designation, the product is entitled to orphan product exclusivity, which means that the FDA may not approve any other applications, including a full NDA, to market the same drug for the same indication for seven years, except in limited circumstances. Orphan drug exclusivity does not prevent the FDA from approving a different drug for the same disease or condition, or the same drug for a different disease or condition. Among the other benefits of orphan drug designation are tax credits for certain research and a waiver of the NDA application user fee.
The FDA also has the authority to grant Fast Track designation for drugs intended to fill an unmet need in the treatment of a serious or life-threatening condition. When a drug receives Fast Track designation, among other things, the manufacturer is eligible for more frequent communication with the FDA regarding the drug’s NDA, and for the FDA to review parts of the application as they are submitted, rather than waiting until every section of the NDA is completed.
8
If the FDA approves the marketing of a new drug, such approval will be granted for particular indications and may entail limitations on the indicated uses for which such product may be marketed. The FDA may withdraw its approval at any time if compliance with regulatory standards is not maintained. The holder of an approved NDA must submit periodic reports to the FDA, including reports of adverse patient experiences, which could cause the FDA to impose marketing restrictions through labeling changes or remove the drug from the market. The FDA may also require post-approval studies, referred to as “Phase 4 studies,” to monitor or further explore the effect of approved products, and may limit marketing of the drug based on the results of such studies.
In addition, most changes to an approved drug, such as adding new indications or other labeling claims, are subject to prior FDA review and approval. The FDA imposes complex regulations regarding the promotion and sale of pharmaceuticals, including standards for direct-to-consumer advertising, off-label promotion, and industry-sponsored scientific and educational activities. In addition, facilities involved in the manufacture of drugs must comply with FDA-mandated current Good Manufacturing Practices regulations (“cGMP”) and are subject to periodic inspection by the FDA and other regulatory authorities. Failure to abide by these regulations can result in penalties including the issuance of a warning letter or untitled letter directing a company to correct deviations from FDA regulations, mandated modification of promotional materials and labeling, the issuance of corrective information, clinical holds, restrictions on manufacturing, product recalls, product detentions or seizures, refusal to approve pending applications or supplements and injunctions, in addition to state and federal civil and criminal penalties.
Marketing Approvals Outside the United States
If we choose to distribute our product candidates outside the United States, we will have to complete an approval process similar to the one imposed by the FDA. The approval procedure and the time required for approval vary from country to country and may involve additional preclinical and clinical trials. Foreign approvals may not be granted on a timely basis, or at all. Regulatory approval of pricing is required in most countries other than the United States, which pricing may be too low to generate an acceptable return.
Coverage and Reimbursement
Sales of our Products will depend, in part, on the extent to which they will be covered by government health care programs and commercial insurance and managed healthcare organizations. Third-party payers are increasingly limiting coverage and reducing reimbursements for medical products and services, although this trend has not, to-date, had a material impact on the amount or timing of our revenues. In addition, the United States government, state legislatures and foreign governments have continued implementing cost-containment programs, including price controls, restrictions on coverage and reimbursement and requirements for substitution of generic products. Adoption of price controls and cost-containment measures and adoption of more restrictive policies in jurisdictions with existing controls and measures could limit our revenue. Decreases in third-party reimbursement for our Products or a decision by a third-party payer to not cover our Products could reduce our sales and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
Examples of legislation in this area include the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (“ACA”) which was passed in 2010, and the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the “IRA”). The ACA substantially changed the way health care is financed by both governmental and private insurers. The ACA, among other things, expanded Medicaid program eligibility and access to commercial health insurance coverage, increased the minimum Medicaid rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program and extended the rebate program to individuals enrolled in Medicaid managed care organizations, established annual fees and taxes on manufacturers of certain branded prescription drugs, and promoted a new Medicare Part D coverage gap discount program. The IRA was enacted on August 16, 2022. The IRA includes provisions requiring manufacturers to pay a rebate to the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (“CMS”) if the price of a Medicare Part B or Part D drug increases faster than the rate of inflation. In addition, beginning in 2025, the IRA will also shift a significant portion of the Medicare beneficiary costs currently borne by the government and beneficiaries to manufacturers. The IRA permits CMS to negotiate prices for certain high-expenditure Medicare Part B or Part D drugs. We also expect there to be other healthcare reform measures that could impact coverage, reimbursement, and drug prices.
Other Healthcare Laws
In addition to the laws and regulations outlined in the “Government Regulations” section, we are subject to healthcare regulation and enforcement by the federal government and the states where we conduct business. These laws include, without limitation, state and federal anti-kickback, fraud and abuse, false claims, and physicians’ sunshine (e.g. transparency) laws and regulations. Foreign governments have comparable regulations, and violating these laws and regulations in any jurisdiction could result in significant criminal, civil, and administrative sanctions.
9
The federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits, among other things, any person from knowingly and willfully offering, soliciting, receiving or providing remuneration, directly or indirectly, to induce either the referral of an individual, for an item or service or the purchasing or ordering of a good or service, for which payment may be made under federal healthcare programs such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs. In the past, the government has enforced the Anti-Kickback Statute to reach large settlements with healthcare companies based on sham consulting and other financial arrangements with physicians and other third parties. The Anti-Kickback Statute is subject to evolving interpretations, and in the absence of substantive guidance, it is possible for future initiatives or engagements with healthcare professionals to be challenged under this statute, which could adversely impact our operations. While this statute has a number of exceptions and regulatory safe harbors that safeguard certain common, industry practices from prosecution, these exceptions and safe harbors are narrowly defined, and parties must satisfy all elements of an available exception or safe harbor to avoid scrutiny. Further, a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of these statutes or specific intent to violate them to have committed a violation. For example, through legislative action, the government may assert that an Anti-Kickback Statute violation could implicate the federal civil False Claims Act. The majority of states also have anti-kickback laws, which establish similar prohibitions and in some cases may apply to items or services reimbursed by any third-party payor, including commercial insurers.
The civil False Claims Act prohibits knowingly presenting or causing the presentation of a false, fictitious or fraudulent claim for payment to federal programs (including Medicare and Medicaid). Actions under the False Claims Act may be brought directly by the government or as a 
qui tam
 action by a private individual (acting as a “whistleblower”) in the name of the government. In addition, as noted directly above, the government may assert that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the federal False Claims Act. Violations of the False Claims Act can result in significant monetary penalties including treble damages, and carry the potential for exclusion from participation in federal healthcare programs. The federal government has and continues to use the False Claims Act, and the accompanying threat of significant liability, in its investigation and prosecution of pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies in connection with the potential or actual false claims resulting from promotion of products for unapproved uses or other sales and marketing practices. The government has obtained multi-billion dollar settlements under the False Claims Act and individual criminal convictions under applicable criminal statutes. We expect that the government will continue to devote substantial resources to investigating potential or actual violations of the False Claims Act.
The federal criminal statute on false statements makes it a crime to knowingly and willfully (in connection with the delivery of or payment for health care benefits, items, or services): (i) falsify, conceal, or cover up any material fact, (ii) make any materially false, fictitious, or fraudulent statements or representations, or (iii) make or use any materially false writing or document while knowing such writings or documents contain materially false, fictitious, or fraudulent statements.
The Civil Monetary Penalties Law provides the government the ability to impose civil monetary penalties against any party or entity who offers or transfers anything of value to a federal health care program beneficiary when a party or entity knows or should know that providing a transfer of value is likely to influence the beneficiary’s selection of a particular provider, practitioner, or supplier for the order or receipt of any item or service reimbursable by a federal health care program. Notably, while pharmaceutical and biotech companies are generally not considered “providers, practitioners, or suppliers,” offering anything of value to a beneficiary that is likely to influence the beneficiary to select a particular provider, practitioner, or supplier (e.g., a physician or pharmacy) could implicate the Civil Monetary Penalties Law.
The federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (“HIPAA”) prohibits, among other things, knowingly and willfully executing a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program. Similar to the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of these statutes or specific intent to violate them to have committed a violation.
The federal Physician Payments Sunshine Act (generally referred to as the Open Payments™ Program) is a provision under the Patent Protection and Affordable Care Act (“ACA”). The Open Payments Program imposes reporting requirements on covered entities (e.g., drug manufacturers) for payments made or transfers of value provided by them to certain healthcare organizations (e.g., teaching hospitals) and physicians, which is broadly defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists and chiropractors, and certain non-physician practitioners (e.g., physician assistants, nurse practitioners, clinical nurse specialists, anesthesiologist assistants, certified registered nurse anesthetists, anesthesiology assistants and certified nurse midwives). Covered entities are also required to report ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members (as it relates to the Covered entities). This information is then analyzed and made public, available via searchable databases. Failure to submit required information may result in significant civil monetary penalties for any payments, transfers of value, or ownership or investment interests that are not timely, accurately and completely reported in an annual submission. Similarly, certain states also mandate the tracking and reporting of gifts, compensation and other remuneration to physicians. Some of these states also require the implementation of commercial compliance programs and impose restrictions on drug manufacturer marketing practices.
10
Federal and state agencies continue to spend time, energy and resources combating healthcare fraud and abuse. This regulatory environment, taken together with the evolving commercial compliance environment and the need to build, enhance and maintain robust and expandable systems and controls to comply with different compliance and/or reporting requirements in multiple jurisdictions increase the possibility that a healthcare company may violate one or more of the requirements. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of such laws or any other governmental regulations that apply to us, we may be subject to penalties, including, without limitation, civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines, the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, exclusion from participation in federal and state healthcare programs and imprisonment, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our financial results.
In addition to the above “fraud and abuse” laws and regulations, we must also account for other applicable state and foreign laws and regulations that could impact our business activities. For example, some states require pharmaceutical companies to certify that they are in compliance with the pharmaceutical industry’s voluntary compliance guidelines and certain federal government compliance guidance, while other states (and some local governments) require the public registration of pharmaceutical sales representatives.
Data Privacy and Security
Numerous state, federal and foreign laws and regulations govern the collection of, disclosure of, use of, access to, transfer of, and confidentiality and security of health-related and other personal information and could apply now or in the future to our operations or the operations of our partners. For example, HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act (“HITECH”), and their implementing regulations, imposes requirements relating to the privacy, security and transmission of protected health information on HIPAA covered entities, which include certain healthcare providers, health plans and healthcare clearinghouses, and their business associates who conduct certain activities for or on their behalf involving protected health information on their behalf. Entities that are found to be in violation of HIPAA as the result of a breach of unsecured protected health information, a complaint about privacy practices or an audit by the United States Department of Health and Human Services (“HHS”) may be subject to significant civil, criminal and administrative fines and penalties and/or additional reporting and oversight obligations if required to enter into a resolution agreement and corrective action plan with HHS to settle allegations of HIPAA non-compliance.

Further, entities that knowingly receive individually identifiable health information from a HIPAA-covered entity in a manner that is not authorized or permitted by HIPAA may be subject to criminal penalties. 
Even when HIPAA does not apply, according to the Federal Trade Commission (the “FTC”), failing to take appropriate steps to keep consumers’ personal information secure constitutes unfair acts or practices in or affecting commerce in violation of Section 5(a) of the Federal Trade Commission Act. The FTC expects a company’s data security measures to be reasonable and appropriate in light of the sensitivity and volume of consumer information it holds, the size and complexity of its business, and the cost of available tools to improve security and reduce vulnerabilities. Individually identifiable health information is considered sensitive data that merits stronger safeguards. In 2024, the FTC finalized updates to the Health Breach Notification Rule that, among other things, clarified its applicability to health apps and other similar technologies and expanded the information the breach notification requirements for entities subject to the rule, which may add additional complexity to compliance obligations going forward.
In addition, certain state laws govern the privacy and security of health information in certain circumstances, some of which are more stringent than HIPAA and many of which differ from each other in significant ways and may not have the same effect, thus complicating compliance efforts. Failure to comply with these laws, where applicable, can result in the imposition of significant civil and/or criminal penalties and private litigation. For example, the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act imposes restrictive requirements regulating the use and disclosure of health information and other personally identifiable information. Further, the California Consumer Privacy Act which took effect on January 1, 2020, and was later revised and expanded by the California Privacy Rights Act (collectively, “CCPA”), created individual privacy rights for California consumers and increased the privacy and security obligations of entities handling certain personal information as well as limitations on data uses, audit requirements for higher risk data, and opt outs for certain uses of sensitive data. The CCPA provides for civil penalties for violations, as well as a private right of action for data breaches that is expected to increase data breach litigation. It also created a new California data protection agency authorized to issue substantive regulations and could result in increased privacy and information security enforcement. The CCPA may increase our compliance costs and potential liability. Similar laws passed in Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, and Utah took effect in 2023 and 2024. Additionally, Delaware, Indiana, Iowa, Kentucky, Maryland, Minnesota, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Rhode Island and Tennessee have adopted privacy laws, which take effect from January 1, 2025 through 2026. In addition, some of these laws (including the CPRA), along with other standalone health privacy laws, subject health-related information to additional safeguards and disclosures and some specifically regulate consumer health data. For example, Washington’s My Health My Data Act, effective as of March 31, 2024, imposes similar requirements specific to consumer health data. Similar laws have also passed in Connecticut and Nevada, which came into effect in 2023 and 2024. As a result, 
11
additional compliance investment and potential business process changes may be required. In the event that we are subject to or affected by HIPAA, the CCPA or other domestic privacy and data protection laws, any liability from failure to comply with the requirements of these laws could adversely affect our financial condition. Additional legislation proposed at the federal level and in other states, along with increased regulatory action, reflect a trend toward more stringent privacy legislation in the United States.
In Europe, the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) went into effect in May 2018 and imposes stringent data protection requirements for controllers and processors of personal data of persons within the EU. The GDPR applies to any company established in the EU or the European Economic Area (“EEA”) as well as to those outside the EU or the EEA if they collect and use personal data in connection with the offering of goods or services to individuals in the EU or the monitoring of their behavior. Companies that must comply with the GDPR face increased compliance obligations and risk, including more robust regulatory enforcement of data protection requirements and potential fines for noncompliance of up to €20 million or 4% of the annual global revenues of the noncompliant company, whichever is greater. In addition, the GDPR increases the scrutiny of transfers of personal data from clinical trial sites located in the EEA to the United States and other jurisdictions that the EC does not recognize as having “adequate” data protection laws. Transfers of personal information out of the European Union face a constantly shifting set of requirements, as courts in Europe have invalidated intergovernmental agreements. As a result, uncertainty exists with respect to GDPR compliance and the attendant obligations going forward as the regulatory environment is rapidly developing. In addition, from January 1, 2021, companies have had to comply with both the GDPR and the GDPR as incorporated into United Kingdom national law (“UK GDPR”), the latter regime having the ability to separately fine up to the greater of £17.5 million or 4% of global turnover. The EC has adopted an adequacy decision in favor of the United Kingdom, enabling data transfers from EU member states to the United Kingdom without additional safeguards. However, the UK adequacy decision will automatically expire in June 2025 unless the EC re-assesses and renews/extends that decision. Outside Europe, significant data privacy regulatory regimes exist in major markets including Brazil, India, China, and elsewhere. The ever-shifting landscape of global data privacy regulation requires significant investment and attention to avoid significant noncompliance liabilities.
Employees
We are managed by experienced pharmaceutical executives and also enlist the expertise of independent advisors with extensive pharmaceutical experience. As of December 31, 2024, we had 500 employees. We consider our employee relations to be good. Our employees are not covered by a collective bargaining agreement.
We seek to hire, retain and motivate smart, ethical, hard-working employees, officers and directors. To achieve this goal, we offer a collegial work environment where creativity, collaboration and initiative are encouraged. We offer competitive salaries, performance bonuses and equity grants, as well as industry-leading health, retirement and other benefits. To align our employees’ goals with Corcept’s goals, we offer annual performance-based cash bonuses and stock-based compensation.
About Corcept
We were incorporated in the State of Delaware on May 13, 1998. Our registered trademarks include Corcept
®
 and Korlym
®
. Other service marks, trademarks and trade names referred to in this document are the property of their respective owners.
Available Information
We are subject to the information requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and we therefore file periodic reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC relating to our business, consolidated financial statements and other matters. The SEC maintains an Internet site, 
www.sec.gov
, that contains reports, proxy statements and other information regarding issuers such as Corcept.
For more information about Corcept, including free access to our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports, visit our website at 
www.corcept.com
 or the SEC’s website, 
www.sec.gov
. The information found on or accessible through our website is not incorporated into, and does not form a part of, this Form 10-K.