EX-10.30

3

ex1030-wulfxnonxemployee.htm

EX-10.30

ex1030-wulfxnonxemployee

Effective January 1, 2025  Doc#: US1:16917742v4  TERAWULF INC.   Non-Employee Director Compensation  Each “non-employee director” of TeraWulf Inc. (the “Company”) will be entitled to  receive the following compensation (directors who are also employees of the Company or  any of its subsidiaries will not be entitled to the compensation listed below or any  additional compensation in respect of their service as a member of the Company’s board  of directors (the “Board”)):  1. Annual Cash Retainer: $100,000; to be paid in quarterly installments in  arrears.  2. Equity Grants:  a. Annual Equity Grant: $200,000.  The Annual Equity Grant will be  restricted stock units that will vest and the restrictions will lapse on the  first anniversary of the date of grant, subject to continued service on  such date.  The number of restricted stock units granted will be equal  to $200,000 divided by the fair market value of the underlying stock  on the date of grant.   b. Initial Pro-Rata Equity Grant: Notwithstanding the foregoing, any  newly appointed non-employee director of the Company will be  granted an Initial Pro-Rata Equity Grant in the form of restricted stock  units with an aggregate target value of $200,000, multiplied by a  fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days between such  director’s initial appointment to the Board and the next annual grant  date, and the denominator of which is 365 (the “Pro-Rata Target  Value”). The Initial Pro-Rata Equity Grant will vest and the  restrictions will lapse on the next annual grant date, subject to  continued service on such date.  The number of restricted stock units  granted will be equal to the Pro-Rata Target Value divided by the fair  market value of the underlying stock on the date of grant.  3. Lead Independent Director (“LID”):  a. Annual LID Cash Retainer: $25,000; to be paid in quarterly  installments.  b. Annual LID Equity Grant: $25,000.  The Annual LID Equity Grant  will be restricted stock units that will vest and the restrictions will  lapse on the first anniversary of the date of grant, subject to continued  service on such date.  The number of restricted stock units granted will  be equal to $25,000 divided by the fair market value of the underlying  stock on the date of grant.  4. Audit Committee: Cash retainer for Chairperson of the Audit Committee:  $25,000; paid in quarterly installments.  

2  Doc#: US1:16917742v4  5. Compensation Committee: Cash retainer for the Chairperson of the  Compensation Committee: $25,000; paid in quarterly installments.  6. Nominating & Corporate Governance Committee: Cash retainer for the  Chairperson of the Nominating & Corporate Governance Committee:  $25,000; paid in quarterly installments.  7. Payments: All payments that are made in installments are subject to the  director’s continued service on the Board on the date such installment is  required to be paid.  8. Amendment; Modification; Termination & Administration: This policy is to  be administered by the Company’s Compensation Committee or its designee,  unless the Board determines to administer this policy itself (the Committee or  Board, as applicable, in its role administering this policy, the  “Administrator”).  The Administrator is permitted to amend or modify the  policy in its discretion.  9. Election of Common Stock in Lieu of Cash. Participating directors may elect  to receive 100% of their cash retainers accrued in shares of Company common  stock in lieu of cash by notifying the Company of such election prior to the  commencement of the applicable fiscal quarter, with such elections to apply to  compensation earned through January of the following year. The number of  shares of Company common stock granted will be equal to the applicable cash  retainer divided by the fair market value of the Common Stock on the last  trading day of the applicable fiscal quarter. Participating directors are subject  to the Company’s Securities Trading Policy.