Item 1. Business 
Our Company
We are a global private markets investment solutions provider with approximately $138 billion of discretionary assets under management (“AUM”), and approximately $819 billion of non-discretionary assets under advisement (“AUA”) as of March 31, 2025. We work with our clients to conceive, structure, build out, manage and monitor portfolios of private markets funds and direct investments, and we help them access a diversified set of such investment opportunities worldwide. Our clients are principally large, sophisticated, global investors that rely on our private markets expertise, deep industry relationships, differentiated investment access, risk management capabilities, proprietary data advantages and analytical tools to navigate the complexity and opacity of private markets investing. While some maintain their own internal investment teams, our clients look to us for additional expertise, advice and outsourcing capabilities. In addition to our institutional client base, we have a growing number of non-institutional clients stemming from the private wealth channel, which includes family offices and high-net-worth individuals, who utilize our products and services to gain access to the private markets. 
We were founded in 1991 and have been dedicated to private markets investing for over three decades. We currently have approximately 760 employees, including 265 investment professionals, operating across 22 global offices servicing our clients throughout the world.  
We offer a variety of investment solutions to address our clients’ needs across a range of private markets, including private equity, private credit, real estate, infrastructure, real assets, growth equity, venture capital and impact. These solutions are constructed from a range of investment types, including primary investments in funds managed by third-party managers, direct investments alongside such funds and acquisitions of secondary stakes in such funds, with a number of our clients utilizing multiple investment types. These solutions are offered in a variety of formats covering some or all phases of private markets investment programs:
•
Customized Separate Accounts
: We design and build customized portfolios of private markets funds and direct investments to meet our clients’ specific portfolio objectives with regard to return, risk tolerance, diversification and liquidity. We generally have discretionary investment authority over our customized separate accounts, which comprised approximately $99 billion of our AUM as of March 31, 2025.
•
Specialized Funds
: We organize, invest and manage commingled specialized primary, secondary and direct investment funds. Our specialized funds invest across a variety of private markets and include equity, equity-linked and credit funds offered on standard terms, as well as shorter duration, opportunistically oriented funds. We launched our first specialized fund in 1997. Since then, our product offerings have grown steadily and now include evergreen offerings that primarily invest in secondaries and direct investments in equity and credit and are available to certain high-net-worth individuals. Specialized funds comprised approximately $40 billion of our AUM as of March 31, 2025.
•
Advisory Services
: We offer non-discretionary investment advisory services to assist clients in developing and implementing their private markets investment programs. Our investment advisory services include asset allocation, strategic plan creation, development of investment policies and guidelines, the screening and recommending of investments, the monitoring of and reporting on investments and investment manager review and due diligence. Our advisory clients include some of the largest and most sophisticated private markets investors in the world. We had approximately $819 billion of AUA as of March 31, 2025.
6
•
Distribution Management
: We offer distribution management services to our clients through active portfolio management to enhance the realized value of publicly traded stock they receive as distributions in-kind from private equity funds. 
•
Reporting, Monitoring, Data and Analytics
: We provide our clients with comprehensive reporting and investment monitoring services, usually bundled into our broader investment solutions offerings, but also on a stand-alone, fee-for-service basis. We also provide comprehensive research and analytical services as part of our investment solutions, leveraging our large, global, proprietary and high-quality database for transparency and powerful analytics. Our data, as well as our benchmarking and forecasting models, are accessible through our proprietary technology solution, Cobalt LP, on a stand-alone, subscription basis.
Our client and investor base is broadly diversified by type, size and geography. Our client base primarily comprises institutional investors that range from those seeking to make an initial investment in alternative assets to some of the world’s largest and most sophisticated private markets investors. As we offer a highly customized, flexible service, we are equipped to provide investment services to institutional clients of all sizes and with different needs, internal resources and investment objectives. Our clients include prominent institutional investors in the United States, Canada, Europe, the Middle East, Asia, Australia and Latin America. We provide private markets solutions and services to some of the largest global pension, sovereign wealth and U.S. state pension funds. In addition, we believe we are a leading provider of private markets solutions for U.S. labor union pension plans, and we serve numerous smaller public and corporate pension plans, sovereign wealth funds, financial institutions and insurance companies, endowments and foundations, as well as family offices and high-net-worth individuals.
Our intermediary clients, which include registered investment advisers, enable us to provide our investment products to an expanded range of high-net-worth individuals and family offices. Historically, this segment of investors has had limited options for gaining exposure to the private markets. Hamilton Lane’s private wealth platform offers this segment access to private capital and its wealth creation potential. Our differentiators include a global platform, a range of risk/return offerings via both semi-liquid and closed-end funds and multiple investment strategies.
We have a diversified revenue stream from a variety of client types in multiple geographic regions, with no single client representing more than 2% of management and advisory fee revenues. For the year ended March 31, 2025, our top 10 clients generated approximately 12% of management and advisory fee revenues, and our top 20 clients generated approximately 19% of management and advisory fee revenues with all of our top 20 clients having multiple allocations, products or services with us. A significant portion of our revenue base is recurring and is based on the long-term nature of our specialized funds and customized separate accounts as well as long-term relationships with many of our clients, providing predictable cash flows. 
Since our inception, we have experienced consistent, strong growth, which continues to be reflected in our more recent AUM and AUA growth. As of March 31, 2025, we had AUM of approximately $138 billion, reflecting a 12% compound annual growth rate (“CAGR”) from March 31, 2021, and our AUM increased in each fiscal year during this timeframe. We had approximately $819 billion of AUA as of March 31, 2025, reflecting a 7% CAGR from March 31, 2021.
Organizational Structure
HLI was incorporated in the State of Delaware on December 31, 2007 and is a holding company with no direct operations. Its principal asset is an equity interest in HLA. HLI serves as the managing member of HLA and operates and controls all of HLA’s business and affairs. HLI conducted its initial public offering (“IPO”) in 2017.
We have what is commonly referred to as an “Up-C” structure, which provides our pre-IPO owners with the tax advantage of continuing to own interests in a pass-through structure and provides potential future tax 
7
benefits for both the public company and the legacy owners (through the tax receivable agreement) when they ultimately exchange their pass-through interests for shares of Class A common stock or, at our election, for cash. HLI has dual-class common stock, the rights of which are described in more detail below. The below chart summarizes our organizational structure as of March 31, 2025.
(1)
The Class B Holders, who hold Class B units of HLA, and Class C Holders, who hold Class C units of HLA, are pre-IPO owners of our business who continue to hold their interests directly in HLA. Class B units and Class C units may be exchanged on a one-for-one basis for shares of Class A common stock or, at our election, for cash, pursuant to and subject to the restrictions set forth in the exchange agreement. 
(2)
We hold all of the Class A units of HLA, representing the right to receive approximately 76.6% of the distributions made by HLA. We act as the sole manager of HLA and operate and control all of its business and affairs. 
Class A and Class B Common Stock 
Our Class A common stock is our publicly traded stock and is listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market (“Nasdaq”) under the symbol “HLNE”. Our Class B common stock was issued as part of a series of corporate reorganization transactions in connection with our IPO to the holders of our Class B units, who are certain significant outside investors, members of management and significant employee owners. There is no trading market for our Class B common stock.
Economic Rights
Holders of Class A common stock are entitled to full economic rights, including the right to receive dividends when and if declared by our board of directors, subject to any statutory or contractual restrictions on the payment of dividends and to any restrictions on the payment of dividends imposed by the terms of any outstanding preferred stock. 
Holders of Class B common stock are entitled to receive only the par value of the Class B common stock upon exchange of the corresponding Class B unit pursuant to the exchange agreement. The exchange of a Class B unit will result in the redemption and cancellation of the corresponding share of Class B common stock.
8
Voting Rights
Except as provided in our certificate of incorporation or by applicable law, holders of Class A common stock and Class B common stock vote together as a single class. Our Class A common stock entitles the holder to one vote per share. Our Class B common stock entitles the holder to ten votes per share until a Sunset becomes effective. After a Sunset becomes effective, each share of Class B common stock will then entitle the holder to one vote. 
A “Sunset” is triggered by any of the following: (i) Hartley R. Rogers, Mario L. Giannini and their respective permitted transferees collectively cease to maintain direct or indirect beneficial ownership of at least 10% of the outstanding shares of Class A common stock (determined assuming all outstanding Class B units and Class C units have been exchanged for Class A common stock); (ii) Mr. Rogers, Mr. Giannini, their respective permitted transferees and employees of us and our subsidiaries cease collectively to maintain direct or indirect beneficial ownership of an aggregate of at least 25% of the aggregate voting power of our outstanding Class A common stock and Class B common stock; (iii) Mr. Rogers and Mr. Giannini both voluntarily terminate their employment and all directorships with HLA and us (other than by reason of death or, in each case as determined in good faith by our board of directors, disability, incapacity or retirement); or (iv) the end of the fiscal year in which occurs the fifth anniversary of the death of the second to die of Mr. Rogers and Mr. Giannini. A Sunset triggered under clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) during the first two fiscal quarters will generally become effective at the end of that fiscal year, and a Sunset triggered under clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) during the third or fourth fiscal quarters will generally become effective at the end of the following fiscal year. A Sunset pursuant to clause (iv) will become effective on the occurrence of the event listed in clause (iv), unless a Sunset is also triggered under clause (i) or (ii) that would result in an earlier Sunset, in which case the earlier Sunset will result.
If Mr. Rogers or Mr. Giannini voluntarily terminates his employment and directorships as contemplated by clause (iii) after the death of the other, then the Sunset will become effective on the timing set out in clause (iii). Otherwise, a voluntary termination as to only one of them will result in a Sunset becoming effective on the timing set out in clause (iv). Because a Sunset may not take place for some time, certain of the Class B Holders will, by virtue of their voting control of us and the stockholders agreement described below, continue to control us for the near future.
Our Class B common stockholders collectively hold 73.7% of the combined voting power of our common stock. Certain of the holders of our Class B common stock who are significant outside investors, members of management and significant employee owners have, pursuant to a stockholders agreement, agreed to vote all of their shares in accordance with the instructions of HLA Investments, LLC (“HLAI”), our controlling stockholder. The parties to the stockholders agreement control approximately 74.9% of the combined voting power of our common stock. This group is therefore able to exercise control over all matters requiring the approval of our stockholders, including the election of our directors and the approval of significant corporate transactions. 
 When a Class B Holder exchanges Class B units pursuant to the exchange agreement, it will result in the redemption and cancellation of the corresponding number of shares of our Class B common stock in exchange for a cash payment of the par value of such shares and, therefore, will decrease the aggregate voting power of our Class B Holders. 
Business Strategy
The alternative investment industry has experienced significant and consistent growth, which we expect to continue and contribute to our future growth in the long term. Given our leading market position and strong reputation for investing and client service, our objective is to continue to leverage the following strategic advantages to exceed the industry growth rate. 
9
Leverage our market leading position as one of the largest allocators of primary capital to the world’s leading fund managers. 
Given the size and scale of the assets we manage and advise on, we are viewed as a crucial partner to the world’s leading private markets fund managers. We believe we are one of the largest allocators of primary capital to these fund managers and as such, have established ourselves as a trusted partner whose relationships extend beyond just capital. Our clients benefit from this positioning by way of unique investment opportunities and economies of scale.
Develop innovative private markets solutions
.
 Many of our clients engage us because of our ability to create customized programs that meet their particular investment needs and provide access to a broad spectrum of private markets investment opportunities. We believe that a broad range of solutions across almost every private markets asset class enables us to remain a leader in structuring private markets investment portfolios and to continue to provide the best solutions for our existing and future clients. We intend to continue to meet our clients’ demands for alternative investments via primary, secondary and direct investment opportunities, which provide attractive return characteristics, as well as innovative specialized fund products, while at the same time allowing us to benefit from economies of scale. In addition, we continue to expand into adjacent asset classes and newer strategies, which will allow us to further broaden our solutions capabilities, diversify our business mix and allow us to benefit from growth in private markets asset classes. Examples of such expansion include asset classes such as private credit, infrastructure and real assets.  Strategies include investments in businesses with a focus on environmentally and/or socially impactful products and services.
Diversify and grow client base.
 We aim to continue to expand our relationships with existing clients and intend to capitalize on significant opportunities with new clients globally, such as smaller institutions and high-net-worth individuals. We believe these investors offer an attractive opportunity to further diversify and grow our client base because many of them have only recently begun to invest in, or increase their allocations to, alternative investments.
Expand distribution channels.
 We continue to build a scalable, cost-effective global institutional sales organization, which provides us with a strong local presence in several markets. Our sales organization comprises our institutional client and private wealth solutions groups, which are dedicated to marketing our services and products globally. In addition, we intend to increase our profile with influential intermediaries that advise individual and institutional clients, particularly small and medium-sized institutions and high-net-worth individuals and family offices. We have also entered into strategic distribution partnerships with financial institutions in certain geographical regions and market sectors to gain access to their captive client bases. As we continue to explore different ways to access alternative distribution channels, we are also acting as “sub-advisor” for financial intermediaries with significant distribution strength. In this role, we perform a range of investment services from portfolio construction to investment management, while the distribution partner focuses on product distribution and client service. In the context of these partnerships, the distribution partner often aims to provide its clients with products under its own brand, which we achieve by rebranding our existing offerings or by creating customized offerings carrying the distribution partner’s name. We anticipate increasing sub-advisory opportunities as we continue to target high-net-worth individuals and family offices. 
Identify unique technology solution providers and strategic partners that we believe can help make us and the industry better and put our balance sheet capital behind them to form mutually-beneficial partnerships. 
We view the implementation of technology into our workflows as critical to maintaining our market-leading position in private markets. Given this status, we are often a sought-after partner for technology-oriented businesses that are developing cutting-edge and innovative solutions that will help grow and improve the industry. We identify and develop strategic partnerships with, and/or opportunistically seek minority stakes in, these companies, and often are either a client of these companies or share in a common vision seeking to provide strategic benefits to both parties.
Expand private markets solutions and products to defined contribution, retail and similar pools of investable assets.
 We believe we are pioneers in the creation, distribution, and management of products such as specialized secondaries, direct investments and specialty credit strategies that are designed to serve defined 
10
contribution retirement plans and similar entities. Many of our defined contribution retirement plan clients are based outside of the United States, ranging across Australia, Europe, and Latin America, among other geographies. While these clients tend to have lower private markets allocations than those of defined benefit pension plans, their comfort with, interest in and allocations to private markets alternative investments have tended to increase over time, due in part to significant advancements in the areas of private markets data and benchmarking, where we believe we play a leading role. Therefore, we intend to continue to develop, market and manage investment solutions and products specifically aimed at helping these investors create appropriately structured private markets alternatives programs.
Expand globally.

We have substantially grown our global presence, both in terms of clients and investments, by expanding our international offices as well as our client presence. We have established offices throughout the world, from which we serve major institutional clients and review and commit capital to established local private markets funds on behalf of our clients. Our aim is to continue expanding our global presence through further direct investment in personnel, development of client relationships and increased investments with, and direct investments alongside, established private markets fund managers.
We believe that many institutional investors outside the United States are currently underinvested in private markets asset classes and that capturing capital inflows into private capital investing from non-U.S. global markets represents a significant growth opportunity for us. We think that investors from developing regions will increasingly seek branded multi-capability alternative investment managers with which to invest. We believe that geographically and economically diverse non-U.S. investors will require a highly bespoke approach and will demand high levels of transparency, governance and reporting. We have seen this pattern developing in many places, including Europe, the Middle East, Latin America, Australasia, Japan, South Korea, Southeast Asia and China, and have positioned ourselves to take advantage of it by establishing local presences with global investment capabilities in these regions.  
We believe we are particularly well-placed to pursue the opportunities arising from increased allocations among institutional investors and the rapid wealth creation globally among high-net-worth individuals because of our strong brand recognition, multi-office resources, experienced team of investment professionals and comprehensive suite of products and services.
Leverage proprietary databases and analytics to enhance our existing service offerings and develop new products and services.

When compared to more liquid investment areas, the private markets industry is characterized by the limited availability and inconsistency of quality information. We believe that the general trend toward more transparency and consistency in private markets reporting will create new opportunities for us. We intend to use the advantages afforded to us by our proprietary databases, analytical tools and deep industry knowledge to drive our performance and provide our clients with customized solutions across private markets asset classes. We expect that our data and analytical capabilities will play an important role in continuing to differentiate our products and services from those of our competitors. 
Investment Types
We provide our clients access to private markets investment opportunities diversified across financing stages, geographic regions and industries through the investment types described below.
•
Primary Investments.
 Primary investments are investments in private markets funds at the time the funds are initially launched. The investments take the form of a capital commitment, where the fund will call capital from investors over time as investments are made. At the time we commit capital to a fund on behalf of our specialized funds or customized separate accounts, the investments that the fund will make are generally not known and investors typically have very little or no ability to influence the investments that are made during the fund’s investment period. Primary funds usually have a contractual duration of between 10 and 15 years, with the capital typically deployed over a period of four to six years. For advisory and customized separate account clients, our investment recommendations and decisions are designed to achieve specific portfolio construction and return objectives mutually developed by us and the clients. Subject to specific client investment guidelines, 
11
we rarely invest in “first time” funds unless the management team has previously worked successfully together and built a credible and impressive track record.
•
Secondary Investments.
 The private secondary market is a non-regulated private market in which buyers and sellers directly negotiate the terms of transactions. The secondary market has grown dramatically in the last 20 years and today provides a reliable liquidity option for owners of private markets interests across the entire spectrum of strategies as well as attractive buying opportunities for secondary investors. Institutional investors utilize the secondary market for strategic portfolio rebalancing, rationalizing overlapping positions resulting from mergers and acquisitions or providing liquidity when facing cash constraints. As private markets have evolved, so too have the needs and objectives of both limited partners and general partners. Today, the secondary market extends beyond purchases of existing limited partner interests and now includes a number of liquidity solutions that include, but are not limited to, continuation funds, single-asset purchases and strip sales.
•
Direct investments.
 Direct investments (formerly referred to as “co-investments”) are direct equity or credit investments alongside private markets funds in underlying portfolio companies. This strategy aims to partner with leading fund managers to invest capital directly into the companies, generally on the same terms as the lead general partner. Our direct investment strategy starts with actively soliciting the managers of private markets funds in which we have made investments to offer our specialized funds and customized separate accounts all direct investment opportunities that may arise from their investment operations. 
The investment team analyzes and considers each deal to select those opportunities that best suit the direct investment funds’ investment objectives and create an appropriate diversity of investment type, industry, geography and manager. We generally make direct investments on a parallel basis with the private markets funds and managers leading the investments, by purchasing similar securities on similar terms with exit provisions that allow the direct investment funds through which we invest to realize their investments at the same time and on a pro rata basis. 
Investment Process and Monitoring
Our investment team is generally organized by investment type (primary, secondary and direct investment), asset class or strategy and functional area. The direct investment team is further specialized with separate teams that focus on equity or credit.  We also have specialized asset class and strategy teams that analyze all investment types related to infrastructure, real estate, and venture capital and growth equity opportunities. Our dedicated impact team is embedded within our direct equity team and works on our impact strategy, partnering with relevant asset class specialists on intersectional opportunities. Each of these teams has its own discrete investment committee, with the exception of our real estate and infrastructure teams, which have a combined committee. Our evergreen portfolio committee oversees the portfolio composition for our evergreen funds with assistance from our portfolio management group and dedicated evergreen portfolio management team. They analyze approved deals from the various investment teams for portfolio construction and fit for the entirety of our evergreen funds.  
Our investment committees are composed of select senior professionals from the organization who collectively review, opine and make the ultimate decision as to the opportunities in which we will invest. There is significant overlap among committee members. Our portfolio management group draws upon data analysis to form views at the industry level. Our sustainability team partners across the investment platform, as well as our corporate functions, to develop strategy and advance our responsible investment agenda.
Regardless of the investment type or strategy, our investment process remains generally consistent, detailed and thorough from sourcing to closing. Throughout the years, we have invested heavily and prioritized the ability to share data and information efficiently among all of our investment teams. The teams leverage our technology systems to guide the investment decision process. 
12
Responsible Investment
We believe that building responsible practices and sustainable investing capabilities is imperative to building long-term value in a rapidly changing and increasingly complex world where many countries, communities and individuals are demanding that their investment exposures are increasingly aligned with their views on the topic.
We have a long history of innovating across private markets to deliver to our clients and investors solutions that serve their varied needs. Within Responsible Investment (“RI”), we have observed a parallel market trajectory with investors requiring a variety of offerings and tailored solutions based on policies, regulations, investment views, and stakeholder alignment, among other reasons. We continue to invest in our capabilities to deliver enhanced transparency within traditional portfolios and to serve those with more advanced responsible investment and sustainability-related requirements. 
We integrate RI, ESG and climate factors into our investment process and consider the financial impact of these underlying factors when making investment decisions. As long-term investors, we also seek to mitigate the risks within our portfolio, pledging to reach net zero emissions by 2050 or sooner across our discretionary assets under management. As an important first step towards this goal, we became a signatory to Initiative Climate International (“iCI”) in 2022. iCI is composed of a platform of leading private equity investors and firms dedicated to understanding and reducing carbon emissions of private equity-backed companies.
We gather data on RI, ESG and climate factors, and generate derivative data through our investment process to qualify investments for investment products and solutions with strategic sustainability requirements. We believe that tracking sustainability-related data, alongside building tools to assess our deal flow and practices through other frameworks and lenses, has advanced our capabilities to deliver solutions, transparency and insights for investors focused in this area.
Our RI committee governs our approach, including acting as the investment committee for impact investments. As we evolve, we will continue to review and revisit our approach. While we do not anticipate changing our broad views around the importance of responsible investing and taking a financial materiality approach to considering RI, ESG and climate factors within our investment process, we may evolve our policies and procedures in the future.
Operational Due Diligence 
Our operational due diligence (“ODD”) team is empowered with separate voting rights on each of the firm’s fund investment opportunities, which means that we will only proceed with investments that are approved by both our investment committee and our ODD team. Each review completed by our ODD team results in a full report documenting each risk area and any existing mitigating factors, our recommendations to each manager and our proprietary risk-rating system.
Allocation of Investment Opportunities 
As investments are approved by the relevant investment committees, our portfolio management group utilizes portfolio construction methodologies as it deems appropriate to analyze the portfolios of all clients currently investing and submits a proposed allocation to the chief compliance officer or his designee for review and approval. On at least a quarterly basis, the allocation committee will review the materials presented by the portfolio management group to determine that the allocations among clients are fair and reasonable, were made in accordance with our contractual obligations and fiduciary duties to our clients and are consistent with our allocation policies. The allocation committee is composed of senior professionals throughout the organization. 
Monitoring & Reporting
Our client operations group is dedicated to tracking and reporting on primary investments, secondary investments and direct investments that we manage for our clients. This group also uses the services of third-party administrators and analysts, particularly with respect to specialized funds. We maintain a disciplined 
13
investment monitoring process designed to adapt portfolio allocation to enhance returns in our advisory and customized separate account portfolios, as well as in our specialized funds. Once a primary or secondary investment is closed, we have frequent conversations with private markets fund managers, hold periodic in-person meetings (conditions permitting) and attend annual meetings and advisory board meetings. This process generally is led by senior members of the investment platform.  
Our team closely follows the activities and investments in clients’ portfolios. The team measures adherence to the stated strategies and limited partnership agreement terms. The team is in regular contact with fund managers, which allows for early detection of potential issues and timely development of constructive recommendations. 
We actively track and report on each investment and on overall portfolios. We provide clients with comprehensive and customized quarterly and annual reports. Our online, interactive client reporting platform affords clients always-available, secure, internet-based access to their portfolios. Clients can download timely information on cash flows, adjusted valuations, underlying portfolio company information and other data provided by private markets fund managers or developed internally by our in-house reporting team. Cobalt LP, our online, proprietary private markets analytics platform, provides clients tools to derive and customize advanced analytics related to portfolio performance and exposures, including benchmarks and forecasts.  
Client Service 
Our Fund Investment and Management Solutions Team (“FIMS”) includes employees located strategically throughout the world. At the beginning of the engagement for each advisory account and customized separate account, a senior professional from FIMS is assigned as the principal contact person with that client. FIMS takes primary responsibility for working with the clients to design their strategic plans and to implement those plans in accordance with agreed upon investment guidelines. FIMS works directly with our portfolio management group to ensure that all investment opportunities that are appropriate for their clients are considered. FIMS communicate and meet regularly with their clients to discuss potential investments, funds expected to be raised in the next 12 months, the status of the clients’ portfolios, investment strategies and overall market conditions.
Our approach to managing our products is similar, with dedicated investment platform specialists and portfolio managers working alongside our senior investment and sales professionals to deliver high quality service to our investors. These dedicated platform specialists and portfolio managers sit alongside our investment teams, and many are also represented on the investment committees of their asset classes/strategies. 
Assets Under Management and Advisement
As of March 31, 2025, we had total AUA and AUM of approximately $958 billion, of which $138 billion represents discretionary AUM from our customized separate accounts and specialized funds, and $819 billion represents non-discretionary AUA managed on behalf of our advisory accounts. Our AUM and AUA have distinctive terms and fee arrangements, and therefore are presented separately in this section.
AUM
Our AUM, as presented in this Form 10-K, comprise the assets associated with our customized separate accounts and specialized funds. AUM does not include the assets associated with our distribution management services. We classify assets as AUM if we have full discretion over the investment decisions in an account. We calculate our AUM as the sum of: 
(1)
the net asset value (“NAV”) of our clients’ and funds’ underlying investments; 
(2)
the unfunded commitments to our clients’ and funds’ underlying investments; and 
14
(3)
the amounts authorized for us to invest on behalf of our clients and fund investors but not committed to an underlying investment. 
Management fee revenue is based on a variety of factors and is not linearly correlated with AUM. However, we believe AUM is a useful metric for assessing the relative size and scope of our asset management business. 
Our AUM has grown from approximately $88 billion as of March 31, 2021 to approximately $138 billion as of March 31, 2025, representing a CAGR of approximately 12%. The following chart summarizes this growth.
AUA
Our AUA comprise assets from clients for which we do not have full discretion to make investments in their account. We generally earn revenue on a fixed fee basis on our AUA client accounts for services including asset allocation, strategic planning, development of investment policies and guidelines, screening and recommending investments, monitoring and reporting on investments and investment manager review and due diligence. Advisory fees vary by client based on the amount of annual commitments, services provided and other factors. Since we earn annual fixed fees from the majority of our AUA clients, the growth in AUA from existing accounts does not have a material impact on our revenues. However, we view AUA growth as a meaningful benefit in terms of the amount of data we are able to collect and the degree of influence we have with fund managers. 
Assets related to our advisory accounts have increased from approximately $631 billion as of March 31, 2021, to approximately $819 billion as of March 31, 2025, representing a CAGR of approximately 7%. Our AUA clients are predominately large institutional investors, with 47% of AUA related to public pension funds and 30% related to sovereign wealth funds. Our AUA is diversified across geographies with approximately 42% derived from clients based outside of the United States.
15
The following chart summarizes the growth of our AUA since fiscal year 2021.
Diversification of Assets
Given our goal of achieving strong investment returns and portfolio diversification for clients, investments are made across multiple private markets sub-asset classes, including corporate finance/buyout, growth equity, venture capital, senior credit, mezzanine, distressed debt, real estate, real assets, infrastructure and other special situation funds (e.g., industry-focused funds and multi-stage funds). Because we have a considerable volume of investment opportunities globally, we selectively invest not only across sub-asset classes, but also across all major geographic regions, including North America, Europe, Asia, Australasia, Latin America, the Middle East and Africa.  
Fee-Earning Assets Under Management
Fee-earning AUM is a metric we use to measure the assets from which we earn management fees. Our fee-earning AUM comprise assets in our customized separate accounts and specialized funds from which we derive management fees that are generally derived from applying a certain percentage to the appropriate fee base. We classify customized separate account revenue as management fees if the client is charged an asset-based fee, which includes the majority of our discretionary AUM accounts but also includes certain non-discretionary AUA accounts. Our fee-earning AUM is equal to the amount of capital commitments, net invested capital or NAV of our customized separate accounts and specialized funds depending on the fee terms. The vast majority of our customized separate accounts and specialized funds earn fees based on commitments or net invested capital, which are not affected by market appreciation or depreciation. Therefore, revenues and fee-earning AUM are not significantly affected by changes in market value. 
Our calculations of fee-earning AUM may differ from the calculations of other asset managers, and as a result, this measure may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other asset managers. Our definition of fee-earning AUM is not based on any definition that is set forth in the agreements governing the customized separate accounts or specialized funds that we manage.
As of March 31, 2025, our fee-earning AUM was approximately $72 billion compared to $138 billion in AUM. The difference is due primarily to $43 billion of discretionary AUM earning a flat fee or fee on number 
16
of funds for which we categorize revenue as advisory and reporting. This was partially offset by a decrease of $3 billion of fee-earning AUM from customized separate accounts clients with non-discretionary AUA. The remaining $26 billion is non fee-earning AUM, which includes accounts that earn fees as discretionary AUM is invested or considered active as well as accounts past their fee-earning period.
The following chart summarizes the growth of our fee-earning AUM since fiscal year 2021.
    * Amounts may not foot due to rounding
Our Clients
Our client base primarily comprises investors that range from those seeking to make an initial investment in alternative assets to some of the largest and most sophisticated private markets investors. As we offer a highly customized, flexible service, we are equipped to provide investment services to clients of all sizes and with different needs, internal resources and investment objectives. Our clients include prominent investors located throughout the world. We believe we are a leading provider of private markets solutions for U.S. labor union pension plans, and we serve numerous smaller public and corporate pension plans, sovereign wealth funds, financial institutions and insurance companies, endowments and foundations, as well as family offices and high-net-worth individuals.
As of March 31, 2025, our client and investor base included over 2,300 institutions and intermediaries and is broadly diversified by type, size and geography. Our intermediary clients enable us to provide our investment products to an expanded range of high-net-worth individuals and family offices. We have a diversified revenue stream from a variety of client types in multiple geographic regions, with no single client representing more than 2% of management and advisory fee revenues. Approximately 39% of our fiscal 2025 management and advisory fee revenues came from clients based outside of the United States. A significant portion of our revenue base is recurring and, based on the long-term nature of our funds as well as long-term relationships with many of our clients, provides highly predictable cash flows. For the year ended March 31, 2025, our top 10 clients generated approximately 12% of management and advisory fee revenues, and our top 20 clients generated approximately 19% of management and advisory fee revenues.
17
Sales and Marketing
Our client and private wealth solutions groups consist of a global employee base located strategically throughout the world that allows us to have a local presence in many markets and be closer to our clients. We intend to grow our global sales force as we seek to continue to build our client base and pursue growth opportunities in markets with less established private markets exposure. See “—Business Strategy.” The execution of our marketing strategy relies primarily on our own business development group, which historically has generated the substantial majority of our new client engagements. To enhance our access to markets where we do not currently have a local presence or that are dominated by captive client relationship models, we selectively engage highly respected third-party organizations to market our products and services. For example, we selectively use third-party distributors in Asia and Latin America.
Our client and private wealth solutions groups are responsible for identifying and contacting prospective clients for our products and services. Our sales professionals also work directly with consultants and financial advisers that advise smaller and medium-size institutional investors and high-net-worth individuals, who often rely on advice in the alternative investment area. Following the initial round of meetings and presentations, prospective advisory and customized separate account clients and specialized fund investors that wish to learn more about us often visit our offices with a team to conduct in-depth due diligence of our firm. Our sales professionals lead this process, coordinate meetings, and continue to be the prospective client’s principal contact with us through the decision-making process.
Fees and Other Key Contractual Terms
Customized Separate Accounts  
We enter into written contracts with each of our customized separate account clients. Within agreed-upon investment guidelines, we generally have full discretion to buy, sell or otherwise effect investment transactions involving the assets in the account, in the name and on behalf of the client, although in some cases certain clients have the right to veto investments. Our discretion generally includes decisions related to, among other matters: voting securities; entering into, amending and terminating contracts; commencing, settling or discontinuing claims or actions; exercising options, conversion or subscription rights; whether to join, dissent from or oppose the reorganization, recapitalization, liquidation, merger, sale, mortgage, pledge or lease of any securities or other property constituting a part of the committed capital; depositing the committed capital with any protective, reorganization or similar committee and paying expenses of such committees and assessments on deposits with them; entering into brokerage accounts in the name of the client; and generally taking or refraining from taking any other action related to the investment or reinvestment of the committed capital. The discretion to invest committed capital generally is subject to investment guidelines established by our clients or by us in conjunction with our clients.
Fees
. While the specific terms of our contracts vary significantly from client to client, generally our customized separate account clients are charged asset-based fees annually on committed or net invested capital and/or NAV. These fees often decrease over the life of the contract due to built-in declines in contractual rates and/or as a result of lower net invested capital balances as capital is returned to clients. For some customized separate accounts, we charge clients annual fixed fees, and in certain cases, we earn an incentive fee or carried interest based on realized gains, particularly when the investment strategies include secondary investments and direct investments. In certain cases, we also provide advisory and/or reporting services and, therefore, we also receive fees for services such as monitoring and reporting on a client’s existing private markets investments. In addition, we may provide for investments in our specialized funds as part of our customized separate accounts, and therefore we also receive incentive fees or carried interest based on realized gains of investments in our specialized funds and/or management fees under the terms of such funds. We generally reduce the asset-based and/or incentive fees or carried interest on customized separate accounts to the extent that assets in the accounts are invested in our specialized funds so that our clients do not pay duplicate fees.
18
Duration and Termination. 
Customized separate account contracts have varying durations of up to 12 years or indefinite terms, and typically can be terminated by our clients for any reason generally upon 30 to 90 days’ notice or can only be terminated for specified reasons. Some contracts provide for termination on shorter or longer notice. Some contracts provide for penalty fees to be paid to us if termination occurs before the end of the stated term in the absence of cause. For contracts that provide for incentive fees based on realized gains, we typically retain the right to continue receiving those fees after termination with respect to existing investments at time of termination. See “Risk Factors—Risks Related to Our Business—Customized separate account and advisory account fee revenue is not a long-term contracted source of revenue and is subject to intense competition” included in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K.
Structure
. Our customized separate accounts are often structured through contractual arrangements involving an investment management agreement between us and the client. Alternatively, we will establish a separate investment vehicle, generally structured as a limited partnership with the client as the sole limited partner and a wholly owned subsidiary of HLA as the general partner. Such limited partnerships are typically formed in Delaware or a non-U.S. jurisdiction, such as the Cayman Islands or Luxembourg, in accordance with the client’s specifications. In certain cases, we have formed investment vehicles utilizing other forms, including Delaware limited liability companies, Cayman unit trusts and/or Luxembourg companies. Our capital commitment to such an investment vehicle is generally 1% of total capital commitments but in certain cases may be higher or lower. We manage these investment vehicles under an investment management agreement between the investment vehicle entity and us, and we manage all aspects of the vehicles, utilizing the services of third parties as needed, including administrators and custodial banks. 
Specialized Funds
Since 1997, we have sponsored primary funds, secondary funds, direct investment funds, strategic opportunities funds, social and environmental impact funds and Small Business Investment Company funds. The terms of each fund vary. We have described below certain of the key terms of these funds. 
In addition, we sponsor funds designed to provide investors periodic liquidity, which primarily invest in secondaries and direct investments (the “evergreen funds”).  Certain of these evergreen funds are marketed to investors outside of the United States, and in the United States, we offer similar vehicles for U.S. investors, which are registered under the Securities Act and as investment companies under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “Investment Company Act”). We may also offer additional evergreen funds in the future with additional specialized strategies.
Capital Commitments. 
Investors in our specialized funds, other than the evergreen funds, generally make commitments to provide capital at the outset of a fund and deliver capital when called upon by us, as investment opportunities become available and to fund operational expenses and other obligations. The commitments are generally available for investment for three to six years, during what we call the investment period. However, our strategic opportunities funds have one- to two-year investment periods. We typically have invested the capital committed to our funds, other than our strategic opportunities funds, over a three- to five-year period. Investors in the evergreen funds fund their investment at the time of subscription, and the proceeds may be invested by the funds at any time.
Structure. 
We conduct the management of our specialized funds, other than the evergreen funds, primarily through structures in which limited partnerships (or series thereof) organized by us accept commitments or funds from investors. The investors become limited partners in the funds and a separate entity that we form and control acts as the general partner. Our capital commitment to the fund is generally 1% of total capital commitments. HLA, which we refer to as the “Manager”, generally serves as the investment manager of our funds, including the evergreen funds. The Manager is registered as an investment advisor under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (the “Investment Advisers Act”). Responsibility for helping a fund’s general partner with all aspects of the day-to-day operations of the fund generally is delegated to the Manager pursuant to an investment management agreement. The material terms of our investment management agreements relate to the scope of services to be rendered by the Manager to the applicable funds and certain rights of termination. The funds themselves do not register as investment 
19
companies under the Investment Company Act, in reliance on exemptions from such registration other than as described with respect to the evergreen funds.
The Manager generally makes all decisions concerning the making, monitoring and disposing of investments pursuant to authority delegated by the specialized fund’s general partner. The investors in the funds take no part in the conduct or control of the business of the funds, have no right or authority to act for or bind the funds and have no influence over the voting or disposition of the securities or other assets held by the funds. These decisions are made by us as the Manager, typically in our sole discretion pursuant to authority delegated by the general partner, subject to the investment limitations set forth in the agreements governing each fund. The limited partners often have the right to remove the general partner for cause or effect an early dissolution by supermajority vote, or in certain cases by a simple majority vote. In addition, the governing agreements of our funds typically require the suspension of the investment period if, depending on the fund, between two and ten designated principals of the Manager cease to devote sufficient professional time to or cease to be employed by the Manager, often called a “key person event”, or in connection with certain other events discussed under “—Duration, Redemption and Termination.” See “Risk Factors—Risks Related to our Business—Our ability to retain our senior management team and attract additional qualified investment professionals is critical to our success” included in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K. 
Management Fees
. We earn management fees based on a percentage of capital commitments to, net invested capital or NAV in, our specialized funds. The management fee during the investment period is often charged on capital commitments and after the investment period (or a defined anniversary of the fund’s initial closing) is typically reduced by a percentage of the management fee for the preceding year or charged on net invested capital or NAV. In the case of certain funds, we charge management fees on capital commitments, with the management fee increasing during the early years of the fund’s term and declining in the later years. Management fees for certain funds are discounted based on the amount of the limited partners’ commitments, whether the limited partner commits early in the offering period or if the limited partners are investors in our other funds. Management fees would be offset in the event that any monitoring, consulting, investment banking, advisory, transaction, directors’ or break-up or similar fees are paid to the fund’s general partner, the Manager or any of their affiliates or principals. 
Incentive Fees. 
Incentive fees comprise carried interest earned from our specialized funds and certain customized separate accounts structured as single-client funds in which we have a general partner commitment, and performance fees earned on certain other specialized funds and customized separate accounts.  
Our primary funds invest the majority of their capital in other private markets funds on a primary basis, and certain of our primary funds earn carried interest on these investments. To the extent that our primary funds also directly make secondary investments and direct investments, they generally earn carried interest equal to a fixed percentage of net profits, subject to a compounded annual preferred return in respect of those investments. Carried interest from these primary funds is earned on a “full return” basis when all invested capital and the applicable preferred return has been received or on a “deal-by-deal” basis

when all capital invested and the applicable preferred return has been received either on all realized investments or on each individual investment. 
For each of our secondary funds, direct investment funds, strategic opportunity funds and evergreen funds, we generally earn carried interest equal to a fixed percentage of net profits, subject to a compounded annual preferred return that varies based on fund type. In our secondary funds, we generally earn carried interest on a full-return basis. In the case of certain of our direct investment funds, strategic opportunity funds and evergreen funds other than our credit-focused evergreen fund, we earn carried interest on a deal-by-deal basis.
If, upon the final distribution of any of our specialized funds from which we earn carried interest, we and our affiliates have received cumulative carried interest in excess of the amount to which we would be entitled from the profits calculated for such investments in the aggregate, or if the limited partners have not received distributions equal to those to which they are entitled, the carried interest recipient will typically return such 
20
part of any carried interest to the limited partners as is necessary to ensure that they receive the amounts to which they are entitled, less taxes on the carried interest. We refer to these provisions as “clawbacks.” Most of our funds that provide for carried interest require a full return of capital and expenses to investors before any carried interest is paid to us, which minimizes the risk of a clawback obligation.
Performance fees are based on the aggregate amount of unrealized or realized gains earned, subject to the achievement of defined minimum returns to the clients or a high-water mark. Performance fees are based on a fixed percentage of net profits with some subject to a compounded annual preferred return that varies by account. We do not generally recognize performance fees unless the risk of clawback or reversal is not probable. 
Duration, Redemption and Termination
. Our specialized funds, other than our strategic opportunities funds and evergreen funds, generally terminate 10 to 14 years after either the first or last date on which a limited partner is admitted to the fund, or, in the case of certain funds, terminate on a specified anniversary date. Our main primary, secondary and direct investment funds have an average term of approximately 12 years. Certain of our strategic opportunities funds terminate five years after the last date on which a limited partner may be admitted to the fund. Our funds are generally subject to extension for up to two years at the discretion of the general partner and thereafter if consent of the requisite majority of limited partners or, in some cases, the fund’s advisory committee is obtained. Our evergreen funds do not have a fixed term.
Interests in our specialized funds, other than our evergreen funds, are not subject to redemption prior to termination of the funds. Termination or dissolution of the funds and the suspension of their investment periods, however, can generally be accelerated upon the occurrence of certain customary events, including key person events, bankruptcy and similar events and the occurrence of fraud, willful malfeasance or gross negligence and other similar events. Such funds also may be terminated upon the affirmative vote, depending on the fund, of 75% to 85% of the total limited partner interests entitled to vote.
Advisory Services
We enter into written contracts with each of our advisory services clients. Advisory service clients are generally charged annual fixed fees, which vary depending on the services we provide. In limited cases, advisory service clients are charged basis point fees annually based on the amounts they have committed to invest pursuant to their agreements with us. In other cases, where our services are limited to monitoring and reporting on investment portfolios, clients are charged a fee based on the number of investments in their portfolio. We generally do not earn incentive fees based on advisory contracts.
Our advisory services contracts have various durations ranging from one year to indefinite terms. A number of our advisory service contracts have initial terms of approximately three years and then renew at the end of the initial term automatically or at the client’s option unless terminated earlier. Advisory contracts can typically be terminated by our clients for any reason upon short notice, generally 30 to 90 days, although some contracts provide for termination on shorter or longer notice or can only be terminated for specified reasons. Advisory contracts with governmental pension plans typically are subject to a renewal process involving our submission of information in response to a request for proposal (“RFP”) issued by the client. We submit extensive, detailed information pursuant to the RFP procedures, usually on a confidential basis, often in competition with other investment advisors bidding on the contract. In these cases, we generally do not know the identity of the other bidders or the substance of their proposals. The RFP procedures prohibit communications between bidders and the issuer of the RFP relating to the proposals during the bidding process.
Clients of our Cobalt LP technology product are generally charged an annual subscription fee, which includes provisions for renewal, or notice of cancellation generally at least 60 days prior to renewal, and escalation of fees for an increasing number of users. In some circumstances, we may waive or offset the Cobalt LP subscription fee for clients who pay management fees to us for other services.
21
Distribution Management 
We enter into written contracts with each of our distribution management clients, including our specialized funds. These clients engage us to manage the liquidation of publicly traded securities that they receive as distributions from funds in which they are investors. Our agreements provide for either “managed liquidation” where the securities are sold within 90 days after distribution or “active management” where the securities may be sold over a longer period. 
Distribution management clients are charged basis point fees on either the net proceeds received from the sale of their securities or the aggregate amount of a client’s managed assets and vary depending on whether the account is for managed liquidation or active management services. Alternatively, active management clients may elect an incentive fee structure under which they are charged an asset-based fee plus an incentive fee based on net realized and unrealized gains and income net of realized and unrealized losses. The incentive fee is then credited to a notional account, and we are entitled to a fixed percentage of any positive balance in the notional account on an annual basis. The remaining portion of any positive balance in the notional account is carried forward to the following year. If the incentive fee calculation results in a negative amount in a given year, that amount is applied to reduce the balance in the notional account. We are not required to repay any negative balance in the notional account.
Distribution management contracts have varying durations, some with indefinite terms, and typically can be terminated by our clients for any reason generally upon 30 to 90 days’ notice. Some contracts provide for termination on shorter or longer notice.
Competition
We compete in all aspects of our business with a large number of asset management firms, commercial banks, broker-dealers, insurance companies and other financial institutions. With respect to our specialized funds, we primarily compete with the alternative asset management businesses of a number of large international financial institutions and established local and regional competitors based in the United States, Europe and Asia, including managers offering funds-of-funds, secondary funds and direct investment funds in the private markets. Our principal competition for customized separate accounts is mostly other highly specialized and independent private markets asset management firms. We compete primarily in the advisory services area of the business with firms that are regionally based and with a select number of large consulting firms.
In order to grow our business, we must be able to compete effectively to maintain our existing client base and attract additional clients in advisory services, customized separate account and specialized fund areas of the business. Historically, we have competed principally on the basis of the factors listed below:
•
Global access to private markets investment opportunities through our size, scale, reputation and strong relationships with private markets fund managers; 
•
Brand recognition and reputation within the investing community;
•
Performance of investment strategies;
•
Quality of service and duration of client relationships;
•
Ability to provide a cost effective and comprehensive range of services and products; and
•
Clients’ perceptions of our independence and the alignment of our interests with theirs created through our investment in our own products.
The asset management business is intensely competitive, and in addition to the above factors, our ability to continue to compete effectively will depend upon our ability to attract highly qualified investment professionals and retain existing employees.
22
Intellectual Property
We own or have a license to the trademarks, service marks or trade names that we use in connection with the operation of our business. In addition, our trade names, logos and website names and URL addresses are owned by us or have been licensed to us. We also own or have a license to the copyrights that protect the content of our solutions. We believe that the “Hamilton Lane” trade name, logos and website are material to our operations.
Legal and Compliance
Our general counsel reports to Erik Hirsch, one of our co-chief executive officers. Our attorneys are embedded in our corporate legal and investment legal teams. Most of our customized separate account clients, certain of our advisory clients and our specialized funds rely on us to review, analyze and negotiate the terms of the documents relating to primary, secondary and direct investments. Working together with our investment teams, our attorneys, using outside law firms as needed, negotiate directly with fund managers and deal sponsors and their counsel the terms of all limited partnership agreements, subscription documents, side letters, purchase agreements and other documents relating to primary, secondary and direct investments. Our attorneys also review and make recommendations regarding amendments and requests for consents presented by the fund managers from time to time. In addition, our legal team is responsible for preparing, reviewing and negotiating all documents relating to the formation and operation of our specialized funds to investors in the United States. We utilize the services of outside counsel as we deem necessary.
Our compliance team is led by our chief compliance officer, who reports to our chief operating officer. Our chief compliance officer has day-to-day management responsibility for the compliance team. The compliance team is responsible for overseeing and enforcing our policies and procedures relating to compliance with the Investment Advisers Act and related rules and regulations and our code of ethics, as well as the compliance policies and procedures and laws and regulations that apply to our non-U.S. subsidiaries and operations. In addition, the compliance team is responsible for all regulatory matters relating to Hamilton Lane Securities LLC, our SEC- and Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (“FINRA”)-registered broker-dealer affiliate through which we offer interests in our specialized funds. 
Risk Management
Our enterprise risk management committee (“ERM committee”) monitors the adequacy and effectiveness of the firm’s risk management processes, including the identification, assessment, management, mitigation and reporting of risks that may affect the firm’s global business operations, financial performance and reputation. The

ERM committee’s primary purpose is to seek to ensure that an effective risk management framework is in place, monitor risk-related activities on an ongoing basis, and opine on issues involving material conflicts of interest. The committee is composed of the chief operating officer, who is also our chief risk officer, general counsel, chief financial officer, chief compliance officer, chief technology officer, co-head of investments, and head of investment legal. The ERM committee meets on a quarterly and as-needed basis.
Regulatory Environment
Our business is subject to extensive regulation in the United States at both the federal and state level. Under these laws and regulations, the SEC and relevant state securities authorities have broad administrative powers, including the power to limit, restrict or prohibit an investment advisor from carrying on its business if it fails to comply with such laws and regulations. Possible sanctions that may be imposed include the suspension of individual employees, limitations on engaging in certain lines of business for specified periods of time, revocation of investment advisor and other registrations or licenses, censures and fines. 
23
SEC Regulation
HLA is registered as an investment advisor with the SEC. As a registered investment advisor, it is subject to the requirements of the Investment Advisers Act, and the rules promulgated thereunder, as well as to examination by the SEC’s staff. The Investment Advisers Act imposes substantive regulation on virtually all aspects of our business and our relationships with our clients. Applicable requirements relate to, among other things, fiduciary duties to clients, engaging in transactions with clients, maintaining an effective compliance program, incentive fees, solicitation arrangements, allocation of investments, conflicts of interest, advertising, recordkeeping, reporting and disclosure requirements. The Investment Advisers Act regulates the assignment of advisory contracts by the investment advisor. The SEC is authorized to institute proceedings and impose sanctions for violations of the Investment Advisers Act, ranging from fines and censures to termination of an investment advisor’s registration. The failure of HLA to comply with the requirements of the Investment Advisers Act or the SEC could have a material adverse effect on us. 
Most of our customized separate accounts and specialized funds are not registered under the Investment Company Act because they fall outside the scope of the Investment Company Act or qualify for an exemption thereunder. 
ERISA-Related Regulation
Some of our specialized funds are treated as holding “plan assets” as defined under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (“ERISA”), as a result of investments in those funds by benefit plan investors. By virtue of its role as investment manager of these funds, HLA is a “fiduciary” under ERISA with respect to such benefit plan investors. ERISA and the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Internal Revenue Code”), impose certain duties on persons that are fiduciaries under ERISA, prohibit certain transactions involving benefit plans and “parties in interest” or “disqualified persons” to those plans, and provide monetary penalties for violations of these prohibitions. With respect to these funds, HLA relies on particular statutory and administrative exemptions from certain ERISA prohibited transactions, which exemptions are highly complex and may in certain circumstances depend on compliance by third parties whom we do not control. The failure of HLA or us to comply with these various requirements could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
In addition, with respect to other investment funds in which benefit plan investors have invested, but which are not treated as holding “plan assets,” we and HLA rely on certain rules under ERISA in conducting investment management activities. These rules are sometimes highly complex and may in certain circumstances depend on compliance by third parties that we do not control. If for any reason these rules were to become inapplicable, we and HLA could become subject to regulatory action or third-party claims that could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
Foreign Regulation
We provide investment advisory and other services and raise funds in a number of countries and jurisdictions outside the United States. In many of these countries and jurisdictions, which include the European Union (“EU”), the European Economic Area (“EEA”), the individual member states of each of the EU and EEA, Australia, Canada, Chile, China, Hong Kong, Israel, Japan, Mexico, Singapore, South Korea, Switzerland, the United Arab Emirates and the United Kingdom (“U.K.”), we and our operations, and in some cases our personnel, are subject to regulatory oversight and requirements. In general, these requirements relate to registration, licenses for our personnel, periodic inspections, the provision and filing of periodic reports, and obtaining certifications and other approvals. Across the EU, we are subject to the European Union Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive (“AIFMD”) requirements regarding, among other things, registration for marketing activities, the structure of remuneration for certain of our personnel and reporting obligations. Individual member states of the EU have imposed additional requirements that may include internal arrangements with respect to risk management, liquidity risks, asset valuations, and the establishment and security of depository and custodial requirements. 
24
The application of some of these requirements and regulations to our business changed with the exit of the U.K. from the EU (“Brexit”), which became official in January 2020. For example, our subsidiaries that are authorized and regulated by the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority no longer have “passporting” privileges under certain EU directives, such as the AIFMD and the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive II (“MiFID II”), which certain of our specialized funds and customized separate accounts relied upon for access to markets throughout the EU. In preparation for this, we engaged with third-party alternative investment fund managers (“AIFM”) based in Luxembourg to replace, prior to Brexit, our U.K.-based AIFM for our funds and certain customized separate accounts for the EU. We have also obtained a MiFID II license for one of our EU-based (non-U.K.) subsidiaries to replace the MiFID II license held by our U.K.-based subsidiary, which is no longer valid after Brexit. 
Employees
Our Culture
We believe that our strong culture is a key factor driving our success in developing and maintaining high-quality relationships among our employees and with our clients, prospects, business partners and the communities within which we live and work. With approximately 760 employees worldwide as of March 31, 2025, we are proud that our culture has been recognized annually for the last 13 years by 
Pensions & Investments
 magazine, a leading investment publication, as a “Best Place to Work in Money Management” since the inception of the list in 2012.
As an organization, we are focused on doing the right thing, acting with integrity, pursuing excellence in all that we do and promoting equity and inclusion from within. We are committed to hiring and developing excellent talent, providing aligned economic incentives and benefits, and creating an environment where our employees can thrive both professionally and personally. We recognize that every individual brings unique experiences, perspectives and talents to our firm. We are committed to cultivating an environment where all employees feel empowered to bring their whole selves to work, enabling them to perform at their best. Our comprehensive approach, Belong@HamiltonLane, embeds inclusive principles into our values, culture and practices. Our success is because of our people – our colleagues across the globe who bring their authentic selves to work every day. From our diverse perspectives, we can make informed decisions designed to benefit our clients, our employees and our competitive edge.
Talent Acquisition, Retention and Development of Human Capital 
Our Human Resources department, in close collaboration with our Belong@HamiltonLane Council, has implemented a core set of competencies and practices that equip employees with the knowledge and skills to create a supportive environment. This program centers around four pillars: recruiting/retention, education, employee resource groups and external partnerships.
We have an Emerging Talent Internship Program designed to introduce future candidates to careers in the private markets.  This internship program is designed to support broadening access to information on career paths within the private markets, identify talent for Hamilton Lane, and support our developing junior managers. Employees can participate in our formal mentoring program, which is designed to help less tenured employees foster relationships with more experienced colleagues or peers in different departments with the goal of enhancing professional and personal development and growth. Employees can also participate in the leadership of our employee resource groups (“ERGs”) overseen by Belong@HamiltonLane, or attend programs and events put on by our ERGs that are designed to support skill development, career progression, work-life balance, continuing education and networking.  Employees are also empowered to get involved in championing and participating in volunteerism efforts overseen by our Corporate Social Responsibility (“CSR”) committee.  Employees are awarded volunteer time off annually to participate in these opportunities to engage with each other and uplift their communities.
At Hamilton Lane, we remain fully committed to our efforts to attract, retain and develop talented professionals across all measures of diversity and individuality and continue to drive a culture of belonging.  
25
We are proud of our organization’s history of embracing diverse and global perspectives to drive innovation and growth within our business. 
Compensation and Benefits
In order to attract and retain current and prospective employees, we have developed a comprehensive total rewards compensation program. The elements of this program are designed to reward individual performance and recognize contributions that align with and drive positive business results. We believe that a compensation system that incentivizes actions that grow stockholder value closely aligns our employees with the interests of our stockholders. To further align their interests with those of investors in our funds, certain of our employees also have the opportunity to make investments in certain of our funds.
We offer a market-based mix of compensation elements, including:
•
base salary;
•
annual discretionary incentive bonuses consisting of both cash and equity;
•
long-term equity incentives;
•
a carried interest plan; and
•
competitive health, wellness, retirement and work/life benefits.
The particular mix and weighting of elements varies depending on the functional area and level of seniority within our organization. We adjust the individual elements of compensation as needed to effectively compete for talent in the jurisdictions in which we do business and to comply with local law. We believe a blend of variable and longer-term components further attracts and incentivizes talent, provides an overall compensation package that is competitive with the market and encourages retention of top performers. As an employee’s compensation increases, a greater proportion of that employee’s total compensation is paid in the form of long-term equity and other awards relative to short-term cash compensation. We believe this more effectively motivates our senior management team to focus on the long-term growth of our business and corresponding increases in stockholder value.
Our benefits include 12 weeks of fully paid parental bonding leave plus one additional week to be used on demand (regardless of gender identity), lactation and milk shipping services, assisted reproductive technology and adoption support, back-up child, elder and self-care, workplace flexibility, mental health services and a number of financial wellness benefits including educational assistance, a student loan refinancing and repayment program, commuter benefits and our Employee Share Purchase Plan, as amended, through which employees can purchase shares of our Class A common stock at a discounted price.
Corporate Sustainability
We believe that strategically establishing business practices that serve to support our ability to deliver to our clients and investors both today and in the future is imperative. As a financial services company, most of our greenhouse gas emissions stem from purchased energy to run our offices and business travel. We calculate our carbon footprint based on our Scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions, excluding financed emissions, and have committed to carbon neutrality for our operations going back to 2019. We have voluntarily offset our emissions for calendar years 2019 – 2023 and received carbon neutral certifications for calendar years 2021 – 2023. Through this calculation and offsetting exercise, we have sought to understand and align operational decisions with the total costs.  
For more information on our investment approach to sustainability and responsible investing, see “—Investment Process and Monitoring.” 
For more information on our human capital approach, see “—Employees.” 
26
Corporate

Social Responsibility
Hamilton Lane’s approach to CSR prioritizes volunteerism and engagement in the communities in which we operate through the themes of financial inclusion, climate matters, and community development.  These opportunities are overseen by our CSR committee with support from the Belong@HamiltonLane Council and Director of Sustainability.  As described under “Employees,” each employee receives volunteer time off to participate in CSR events and engagements of their choosing.  It is optional, but encouraged, for employees to participate in these events given the multi-faceted benefits that we believe can be derived from community engagement alongside building relationships with colleagues. 
We also believe that the employee engagement activities of our ERGs and broader  Belong@HamiltonLane initiatives are additive to our CSR volunteerism activities, building further engagement both internally and externally. 
Available Information
Our website is located at www.hamiltonlane.com, and the Shareholders page of our website is located at https://shareholders.hamiltonlane.com. We are subject to the informational requirements of the Exchange Act and file or furnish reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements, statements of changes in beneficial ownership and amendments to those reports are available for free on the Shareholders page of our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file them with, or furnish them to, the SEC. The SEC maintains a website (www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. 
We webcast our earnings calls and certain events we participate in or host with members of the investment community on the Shareholders page of our website. Additionally, we provide notifications of news or announcements regarding our financial performance, including SEC filings, investor events, press and earnings releases as part of the Shareholders page of our website. Investors and others can receive notifications of new information posted on the Shareholders page of our website in real time by subscribing to email alerts. We also make certain corporate governance documents available on the Shareholders page of our website, including board committee charters and our code of conduct and ethics. 
The contents of our websites are not incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with the SEC, and any references to our websites are intended to be inactive textual references only.
27