Item 3.

Legal Proceedings

65

Item 4.

Mine Safety Disclosures

65

PART II

Item 5.

Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases 
of Equity Securities

66

Item 6.

[Reserved]

67

Item 7.

Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

68

Item 7A.

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

81

Item 8.

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

83

Item 9.

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure

115

Item 9A.

Controls and Procedures

115

Item 9B.

Other Information

116

Item 9C.

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections

116

PART III

Item 10.

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance

117

Item 11.

Executive Compensation

117

Item 12.

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters

117

Item 13.

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence

117

Item 14.

Principal Accounting Fees and Services

117

PART IV

Item 15.

Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules

118

Item 16.

Form 10-K Summary

120

EXHIBITS INDEX

118

SIGNATURES

121

2

Summary of the Material Risks Associated with Our Business

Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that you should be aware of in evaluating our business. These risks include, but are not limited to, the following:

•
Our business is highly dependent on the success of our bezuclastinib program and our ability to discover and develop additional product candidates. We may not be successful in our efforts to develop bezuclastinib or expand our pipeline of drug candidates.

•
We will require substantial additional funding. If we fail to obtain additional financing when needed, or on attractive terms, we may be unable to complete the development and commercialization of our product candidates.

•
If unacceptable side effects are identified during the development of our drug candidates, we may need to abandon or limit such development.

•
We face significant competition from other biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies, and our operating results will suffer if we fail to compete effectively.

•
The incidence and prevalence for target patient populations of our drug candidates have not been established with precision. If the market opportunities for our drug candidates are smaller than we estimate or if any approval that we obtain is based on a narrower definition of the patient population, our revenue potential and ability to achieve profitability will be adversely affected.

•
Interim, “top-line” and preliminary data from our clinical trials that we announce or publish from time to time may change as more patient data become available, may be interpreted differently if additional data are disclosed, and are subject to audit and verification procedures that could result in material changes in the final data.

•
Regulatory authorities, including the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”), may disagree with our regulatory plan and we may fail to obtain regulatory approval of our product candidates.

•
We currently rely and for the foreseeable future will continue to rely on third parties to conduct our clinical trials and to assist with various research, discovery, manufacturing and supply activities. If these third parties do not properly and successfully carry out their contractual duties or meet expected deadlines, we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval of or commercialize our product candidates or discover new product candidates.

•
The third parties upon whom we rely for the supply of the API and drug product used in bezuclastinib are our sole source of supply, and the loss of any of these suppliers could significantly harm our business.

•
If our efforts to protect the proprietary nature of the intellectual property related to our technologies are not adequate, we may not be able to compete effectively in our market.

•
We are highly dependent on our key personnel, and if we are not successful in attracting and retaining highly qualified personnel, we may not be able to successfully implement our business strategy.

•
We have incurred net losses in every year since our inception and anticipate that we will continue to incur net losses in the future.

•
The price of our stock may be volatile, and you could lose all or part of your investment.

The summary risk factors described above should be read together with the text of the full risk factors in Item 1A. “Risk Factors” and the other information set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our consolidated financial statements and the related notes, as well as in other documents that we file with the SEC. The risks summarized above or described in full below are not the only risks that we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not precisely known to us, or that we currently deem to be immaterial may also materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and future growth prospects.

3

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements, which reflect our current views with respect to, among other things, our operations and financial performance. All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including statements regarding our future results of operations and financial position, business strategy and plans, and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other important factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements.

In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as “may,” “should,” “expects,” “might,” “plans,” “anticipates,” “could,” “intends,” “target,” “projects,” “contemplates,” “believes,” “estimates,” “predicts,” “potential,” “seek,” “would” or “continue,” or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions. The forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are only predictions. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee that the future results, levels of activity, performance or events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions described in the “Risk Factors” section and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Because forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, some of which cannot be predicted or quantified, you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. The events and circumstances reflected in our forward-looking statements may not be achieved or occur and actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Some of the key factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations include:

•
the potential impacts of raising additional capital, including dilution to our existing stockholders, restrictions on our operations or requirements that we relinquish rights to our technologies or product candidates;

•
the success, cost, and duration of our product development activities and clinical trials, including the enrollment rates in our clinical trials; 

•
the timing of our planned regulatory submissions to the FDA for our bezuclastinib product candidate and any other product candidates we may develop;

•
our ability to obtain and maintain regulatory approval for our bezuclastinib product candidate and any other product candidates we may develop, and any related restrictions, limitations, and/or warnings in the label of an approved product candidate; 

•
the potential for our identified research priorities to advance our bezuclastinib product candidate or for our teams to discover and develop additional product candidates; 

•
the ability to license additional intellectual property rights relating to our bezuclastinib product candidate or future product candidates from third-parties and to comply with our existing or future license agreements and/or collaboration agreements; 

•
our ability to commercialize our bezuclastinib product candidate and future product candidates in light of the intellectual property rights of others; 

•
our ability to obtain funding for our operations, including funding necessary to complete further discovery, development and commercialization of our existing and future product candidates; 

•
the scalability and commercial viability of our manufacturing methods and processes; 

•
the commercialization of our product candidates, if approved;

•
our ability to attract collaborators with development, regulatory, and commercialization expertise; 

•
future agreements with third parties in connection with the commercialization of our product candidates and any other approved product; 

•
the size and growth potential of the markets for our product candidates, and our ability to serve those markets; 

•
the rate and degree of market acceptance of our product candidates; 

•
the pricing and reimbursement of our product candidates, if approved; 

4

•
regulatory developments in the United States and foreign countries, including pharmaceutical and biological product marketing regulation; 

•
the impact of adverse business and economic conditions including inflationary pressures, general economic slowdown or a recession, high interest rates, changes in monetary policy, banking institution instability, changes in trade policies, including tariffs or other trade restrictions or the threat of such actions, and the prospect of a shutdown of the U.S. federal government;

•
our ability to contract with third-party suppliers and manufacturers and their ability to perform adequately; 

•
the development and success of competing therapies that are or may be under development in clinical trials or become available commercially; 

•
our ability to attract and retain key scientific and management personnel; 

•
the accuracy of our estimates regarding expenses, future revenue, capital requirements, and needs for additional financing; 

•
our use of the proceeds from the private placements, sales of our preferred stock and public offerings of our common stock from time to time; and

•
our expectations regarding our ability to obtain and maintain intellectual property protection for our bezuclastinib product candidate and future product candidates.

While we may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, whether as a result of any new information, future events, or otherwise, we have no current intention of doing so except to the extent required by applicable law.

5

PART I

Unless the context otherwise requires, we use the terms “Cogent,” “company,” “we,” “us,” and “our” to refer to Cogent Biosciences, Inc. and, where appropriate, our subsidiaries.

ITEM 1.	B
USINESS

Overview

We are a clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on developing precision therapies for genetically defined diseases. Our approach is to design rational precision therapies that treat the underlying cause of disease and improve the lives of patients. Our most advanced program is bezuclastinib, also known as CGT9486, a highly selective tyrosine kinase inhibitor that is designed to potently inhibit the KIT D816V mutation as well as other mutations in KIT exon 17. In the vast majority of cases, KIT D816V is responsible for driving Systemic Mastocytosis (“SM”), a serious and rare disease caused by unchecked proliferation of mast cells. Exon 17 mutations are also found in patients with advanced gastrointestinal stromal tumors (“GIST”), a type of cancer with strong dependence on oncogenic KIT signaling. Bezuclastinib is a highly selective and potent KIT inhibitor with the potential to provide a new treatment option for these patient populations. We are developing bezuclastinib to treat patients living with Non-Advanced Systemic Mastocytosis (“Non-AdvSM”), Advanced Systemic Mastocytosis (“AdvSM”) and GIST. We also have an ongoing Phase 1 study of our novel internally developed FGFR2 inhibitor, CGT4859. In addition, the Cogent Research Team is developing a portfolio of novel targeted therapies to help patients fighting serious, genetically driven diseases initially targeting mutations in ErbB2, PI3Kα and KRAS.

We have assembled a management team with extensive experience in the research, development, manufacturing and commercialization of pharmaceutical products, specifically including numerous successful precision medicines for genetically defined diseases. With the support of our board of directors and their expertise, we believe that the Company is well positioned to develop and commercialize novel precision medicines. Beginning with bezuclastinib, our mission is to develop and commercialize pharmaceutical products that improve the lives of patients fighting rare, genetically driven diseases.

Our Strategy

Our vision is to discover, develop, and commercialize best-in-class therapies that have a meaningful impact for patients with genetically defined diseases. The principal components of our strategy include:

•
Explore the clinical utility of bezuclastinib in patients with Non-AdvSM;

•
Explore the clinical utility of bezuclastinib in patients with AdvSM;

•
Explore the clinical utility of bezuclastinib in combination with sunitinib as a second-line treatment for patients with GIST;

•
Prepare to commercialize bezuclastinib should any or all of our active clinical trials demonstrate clinical benefit for patients with high unmet medical need; 

•
Explore the clinical utility of CGT4859, a reversible, selective FGFR2 inhibitor in patients with documented FGFR mutations, including advanced cholangiocarcinoma; 

•
Advance our ErbB2, PI3Kα and KRAS preclinical programs, as well as our other undisclosed preclinical programs; and 

•
Discover and develop additional precision medicines for patients with genetically defined diseases.

6

Our Pipeline

Bezuclastinib

Overview

Bezuclastinib is designed to target mutations within the KIT receptor tyrosine kinase, including KIT D816V. As a Type I inhibitor, bezuclastinib is designed to selectively bind the active conformation of mutant KIT. In preclinical studies, bezuclastinib has demonstrated comparable potency relative to other FDA-approved KIT mutant inhibitors, and clear selectivity for KIT mutations versus other kinase targets frequently associated with other KIT inhibitors including, but not limited to PDGFRα, PDGFRβ, VEGFR2, FLT3, CSF1R and KDR. In preclinical studies of bezuclastinib, limited blood-brain-barrier penetration was observed, and there have been no clinically significant CNS toxicities identified. This preclinical profile of selectivity against kinases that have been associated with off-target toxicities and limited blood-brain-barrier penetration differentiate bezuclastinib from other KIT mutant inhibitors, and support the potential for a best-in-class clinical profile. The figures below provide a summary of potency and selectivity preclinical data.

Figure 1. Potent Inhibitor of KIT Activation Loop Mutants, Including D816V (Source: AACR 2022)

7

Figure 2. Selectivity Against Related Kinases (Source: AACR 2022)

Figure 3. Bezuclastinib Demonstrates Minimal Brain Penetration (Source: AACR 2022)

We licensed the exclusive worldwide rights to develop and commercialize bezuclastinib from Plexxikon Inc., a Daiichi Sankyo subsidiary (“Plexxikon”). Under the terms of the license agreement, Plexxikon received an upfront payment and is eligible for additional development and regulatory milestone payments along with mid- to high- single-digit royalty payments.

Clinical Trials and Disease Overviews

Bezuclastinib – SM

SM is driven by KIT D816V mutations causing a perpetual ‘on’ state within mast cells, a type of white blood cell, leading to proliferation and accumulation in various internal organs and bone marrow. Key biomarkers of SM include but are not limited to, elevated serum tryptase, high mass cell burden in bone marrow and the KIT D816V variant allele frequency. As a highly selective and potent KIT inhibitor, bezuclastinib has the potential to provide a new treatment option for patients with SM. SM occurs when mast cells inappropriately accumulate in various internal organs in the body. Approximately 90% of SM patients present with Non-AdvSM and 10% of patients present with AdvSM, a rare and very aggressive form of SM. There are three subtypes of AdvSM: aggressive SM (“ASM”), SM with associated hematologic neoplasm (“SM-AHN”) and mast cell leukemia (“MCL”).

Patients diagnosed with Non-AdvSM experience a life-long illness with chronic symptoms including headaches, urticaria pigmentosa, skin lesions, skin redness and warmth (flushing), abdominal pain, bloating, vomiting, diarrhea, and gastroesophageal reflux (“GERD”), that significantly impact the patient’s quality of life. Many patients are also at high risk for severe, life-threatening anaphylactic reactions to various triggers such as insect bites or stings. Patients with Non-AdvSM suffer from a poor quality of life and are in need of new treatment options.

Patients with AdvSM may suffer from a multitude of debilitating symptoms such as anemia, thrombocytopenia, ascites, bone fractures, gastrointestinal abnormalities, and enlargement of the liver, spleen, and lymph nodes, which ultimately lead to organ failure and early death. Patients with AdvSM have a significantly diminished lifespan with a median survival of less than 3.5 years.

8

Based on the characteristics of bezuclastinib, we are pursuing development of the compound in both patients living with AdvSM and patients with Non-AdvSM, the vast majority of whom have a KIT D816V mutation. Emerging clinical data for other kinase inhibitors with activity against KIT D816V have shown that SM patients are highly sensitive to inhibition of the target. Bezuclastinib was specifically designed to selectively inhibit KIT mutations, including KIT D816V.

The underlying SM patient population is not yet well understood. The prevalence of SM in the United States is estimated to be up to 30,000 patients, with the prevalence of Non-AdvSM being approximately 25,000 patients. We believe there is a significant unmet medical need for clinically active, well tolerated treatment options for this patient population. We believe bezuclastinib is well suited to meet this need and target the direct underlying cause of SM. The FDA has granted orphan drug designation to bezuclastinib for the treatment of Mastocytosis.

We expect to report top-line results from our SUMMIT trial in July 2025 and from our APEX trial in the second half of 2025, and we plan to submit the first bezuclastinib New Drug Application (“NDA”) by the end of 2025 for patients with SM.

In the first quarter of 2025, we expect to initiate an expanded access program in the United States for SM patients to receive investigational bezuclastinib after meeting certain eligibility criteria.

SUMMIT (Non-AdvSM)

SUMMIT is our registration-directed randomized, global, multicenter, double-blind, placebo-controlled, multi-part Phase 2 clinical trial for patients with Non-AdvSM. The study is designed to explore the safety and efficacy of bezuclastinib in patients with moderate to severe Non-AdvSM, which includes Indolent Systemic Mastocytosis (“ISM”), Smoldering Systemic Mastocytosis (“SSM”) and Bone Marrow Mastocytosis. Based on the performance of bezuclastinib’s optimized formulation in the PEAK lead-in trial, as well as in a healthy normal volunteer study, the SUMMIT trial protocol was amended to allow for the optimized formulation to be introduced during the Phase 1b dose optimization phase. SUMMIT Part 1 completed enrollment in the third quarter of 2023, including over enrollment at 54 patients across Part 1a and Part 1b. SUMMIT Part 2 completed enrollment in the fourth quarter of 2024, including over enrollment at 179 patients. We expect to report top-line results in July 2025.

Figure 4. SUMMIT study design graphic

9

From the data collected in Part 1 of SUMMIT and in accordance with FDA guidelines, we have developed a novel patient reported outcomes measure (“PROM”) called Mastocytosis Symptom Severity Daily Diary (“MS2D2”). Based on literature review, patient and physician interviews, data from SUMMIT Part 1 and our interactions with the FDA, we believe our MS2D2 is a reliable, valid and fit-for-purpose PROM. The MS2D2 Total Symptom Score (“TSS”) is comprised of 11 items, and scored on a 0-110 scale. The primary endpoint of SUMMIT Part 2 is a comparison of week 24 mean absolute change from baseline in MS2D2 TSS between bezuclastinib and placebo. In June 2024, we announced a positive discussion with the FDA and that we reached alignment with the FDA on the use of MS2D2 in Part 2 of SUMMIT.

Figure 5. Mastocytosis Symptom Severity Daily Diary (“MS2D2”) Total Symptom Score

In February 2024, we presented data from SUMMIT Part 1b at the 2024 American Academy of Allergy, Asthma and Immunology. Thirty-four patients were enrolled in Part 1b and were treated with either bezuclastinib or placebo plus best supportive care. These patients were evaluated for signs of clinical activity over 12 weeks, including well-accepted biomarkers of disease burden. Based on the totality of the results from SUMMIT Part 1, the data support 100 mg QD as the optimal dose of bezuclastinib in Part 2 of SUMMIT for patients with Non-AdvSM. After the initial 12-week period, all patients were given the opportunity to receive bezuclastinib in the SUMMIT Open Label Extension (“OLE”). In December 2024 at the 2024 American Society of Hematology (“ASH”) Annual Meeting, we presented updated data on the 27 patients who were randomized in either Part 1 or the OLE to receive the 100 mg QD dose.

At the 100 mg QD dose and as of the cut-off date of August 29, 2024, 89% of patients had >50% decrease in serum tryptase by four weeks of treatment with bezuclastinib and 95% of patients with elevated baseline tryptase achieved serum tryptase levels <20 ng/ml by week 24. Additionally, 84% of patients with baseline serum tryptase >11.4ng/ml achieved <11.4ng/mL by week 24.

10

Figure 6. Mean Percent Change from Baseline in Serum Tryptase in Pooled
a
 Patients Receiving 100mg Bezuclastinib

a Includes all patients who received bezuclastinib 100mg QD during Part 1 or OLE. Change from baseline is taken during 24 weeks of active therapy. bn=24, 25, or 26 at some timepoints 26 D

After 24 weeks of active treatment, the 27 patients randomized to receive 100 mg QD were evaluated for signs of clinical activity using multiple PRO measures, including the Mastocytosis Symptom Severity Daily Diary (“MS2D2”) and the Mastocytosis Quality-of-Life (“MC-QoL”) scale. These patients reported at 56% mean improvement in TSS from baseline.

Figure 7. Mean Percent Change from Baseline in MS2D2 Total Symptom Score Over Time in Pooled
a
 Patients Receiving 100mg Bezuclastinib

a Includes all patients who received bezuclastinib 100mg QD during Part 1 or OLE. Change from baseline is taken during 24 weeks of active therapy. bn=24, 25, or 26 at some timepoints 26 D

Additionally, 76% of patients demonstrated >50% reduction from baseline in MS2D2 TSS with 88% of patients exceeding 30% reduction from baseline after 24 weeks. At 24 weeks of treatment 31% of patients have already reduced or discontinued best supportive care medications.

11

Figure 8. Percent Change from Baseline in MS2D2 Total Symptom Score after 24 Weeks Active Treatment in Individual Patients Receiving 100mg Bezuclastinib

These same patients saw a 49% mean improvement in MC-QOL Total Score at 24 weeks.

Figure 9. Mean Total Score in MC-QoL, a Quality-of-Life Measure
a
, in Pooled
b
 Patients Receiving 100mg Bezuclastinib

a MC-QoL is a disease-specific HRQoL questionnaire with 27 items in 4 domains. Total score is linearly transformed to a 0-100 scale

b Includes patients who received bezuclastinib 100mg QD through 24 weeks of active treatment.

 c N=23-25 depending on timepoint.

As of the data cutoff, August 29, 2024, the median duration of bezuclastinib treatment was 56 weeks for patients in the active arm and 40 weeks for placebo patients who crossed over to the OLE. The majority of treatment emergent adverse events were low grade and reversible with no treatment-related bleeding or cognitive impairment events reported. The most common treatment-emergent adverse events were hair color changes and transaminase elevations. All patients experiencing elevated transaminases were asymptomatic and reversible: five patients resolved without any dose modifications and remained on study; two patients resolved with dose reduction and remained on study, one of whom re-escalated to the original dose; and two patients resolved following discontinuation. All of the safety data were previously reported at ASH 2024. There were no other discontinuations due to adverse events.

12

Figure 10. All Cause Treatment-Emergent Adverse Events (TEAE) ≥ 15 %

APEX (AdvSM)

APEX is our registration-directed global, open-label, multi-center, Phase 2 clinical trial in patients with AdvSM evaluating the safety, efficacy, pharmacokinetic, and pharmacodynamic profiles of bezuclastinib. In April 2023, we initiated Part 2 of the APEX trial using the optimized formulation of bezuclastinib at 150 mg daily dose. An additional APEX cohort was initiated in the third quarter of 2023 and is designed to allow concomitant administration of bezuclastinib with azacitadine in patients with SM-AHN. We completed enrollment in APEX Part 2 in the first quarter of 2025 with 58 patients and expect to present top-line results in the second half of 2025.

Figure 11. APEX study design graphic

In December 2024, at the 2024 ASH meeting, we reported updated positive clinical data from Part 1 of the APEX trial. Thirty-two patients were treated in Part 1 at one of four dose levels (50 mg BID, 100 mg BID, 200 mg BID or 400 mg QD). In 2024, we announced APEX Part 2 would be conducted at the optimized 150mg QD dose, which closely matches the exposure from 100 mg BID dose in APEX Part 1. Patients were enrolled with the following sub-types: seven patients with ASM, 23 patients with SM-AHN, and two patients with MCL.

13

As of the cutoff date of October 11, 2024, 32 patients enrolled were evaluated for signs of clinical activity, 27 of whom were mIWG-MRT-ECNM evaluable. An objective response rate (“ORR”) of 52% (including complete remission (“CR”), CR with partial hematologic remission (“CRh”), partial remission (“PR”), and clinical improvement (“CI”)) was achieved, including 61% ORR for TKI-treatment-naïve patients. An ORR of 88% was achieved by pure pathological response (“PPR”) criteria. The median time to achieve response was 2.2 months and median duration of response has not yet been reached. Median progression-free survival (“PFS”) was not yet reached at median follow-up of 20 months and the PFS rate at 24 months was 82%.

Figure 12. Part 1 Responses Observed by mIWG-MRT-ECNM and PPR Criteria (Source: ASH conference 2024)

Ω 5 patients without measurable C-finding at baseline were excluded for being non-evaluable per mIWG-MRT-ECNM criteria; one additional patient was excluded due to discontinuation prior to first dose (not dosed [ND]).

‡ SM-directed therapy with midostaurin only (n=4) or midostaurin and avapritinib (n=5)

† Primary endpoint of Apex study

As of October 11, 2024, 94% of patients achieved a ≥ 50% reduction in serum tryptase levels, with 100% of patients receiving at least two cycles of treatment achieving a ≥ 50% reduction and 66% of patients achieved a reduction of serum tryptase below 20 ng/ml. Additionally, 93% of KIT D9816V-positive patients achieved a ≥ 50% reduction in KIT D816V VAF and 100% of evaluable patients achieved ≥ 50% reduction in bone marrow mast cell burden, with 83% of patients achieving a complete clearance of mast cell aggregates.

14

Figure 13. Reductions in markers of mast cell burden (Source: ASH conference 2024)

As of the data cutoff date of October 11, 2024, bezuclastinib continues to demonstrate a differentiated safety and tolerability profile across doses. The majority of hematological adverse events were low grade and reversible. There have been no new treatment-related serious adverse events or discontinuations reported since the 2023 ASH annual meeting. Twelve patients required dose reduction, eight of whom were treated at a 400 mg daily dose.

Bezuclastinib – GIST

GIST is characterized by uncontrolled cell growth in the interstitial cells of the gastrointestinal (“GI”) tract. At diagnosis, about 80% of GIST patients’ tumors are the result of primary KIT mutations. Imatinib is the current standard of care for treating GIST patients in the first line setting, with a median PFS of 19 months. However, the majority of GIST patients eventually develop resistance to imatinib due to secondary KIT mutations, most notably in exon 17 and exon 13. There are an estimated 2,000 to 3,500 patients with imatinib-resistant GIST eligible for treatment each year in the United States. We believe there is a significant unmet medical need for clinically active, well tolerated treatment options for this patient population and results from our clinical trial of bezuclastinib in combination with sunitinib demonstrated the potential for this novel combination to address the underlying drivers of imatinib resistance. Bezuclastinib has been granted orphan drug designation for the treatment of GIST by the FDA and under the Orphan Drug Act and the European Medicines Agency (“EMA”).

Bezuclastinib is designed to be a potent and selective inhibitor of KIT exon 17 mutations. By combining bezuclastinib with sunitinib, a tyrosine kinase inhibitor known to inhibit KIT exon 13 mutations, we believe this combination has the potential to offer a new, active treatment option for imatinib resistant GIST patients.

The safety profile of bezuclastinib was clinically evaluated in approximately 50 GIST patients both as a single agent and as part of a combination therapy. Clinical data from this trial were published in the Journal of American Medical Association (“JAMA”) and were presented at several scientific conferences, including by us at the 2020 annual Connective Tissue Oncology Society (“CTOS”) meeting, and previously by Plexxikon at the 2018 annual American Society of Clinical Oncology (“ASCO”) meeting and the 2017 annual CTOS meeting. In November 2020, we presented final results from a Phase 1/2 trial testing the combination of bezuclastinib with sunitinib in 18 heavily pre-treated GIST patients at 2020 CTOS. In the subset of 15 patients who had not been previously treated with bezuclastinib as a single-agent, the estimated mPFS reached 12 months, the confirmed ORR was 20% and the clinical benefit rate (CR+PR+SD) was 80%, with 27% of patients remaining on therapy out 27-34 months. Importantly, there were no dose limiting toxicities in the three dose levels tested, and the most common Treatment Emergent Adverse Events that were grade 3 or higher included anemia (5 patients, 27.8%), hypophosphatemia (3 patients, 16.7%), diarrhea, fatigue, hypertension, and lymphopenia (each 2 patients, 11.1%).

15

PEAK (GIST)

PEAK is our randomized open-label, global Phase 3 clinical trial designed to evaluate the safety, tolerability, and efficacy of bezuclastinib in combination with sunitinib compared to sunitinib alone in patients with locally advanced, unresectable or metastatic GIST who have received prior treatment with imatinib. Patient enrollment for the pivotal portion of the PEAK trial was completed in the third quarter of 2024. Based on strong global patient interest, a total of 413 patients were enrolled in the trial. In addition, we completed a pre-planned interim futility analysis, and the Independent Data Monitoring Committee (“IDMC”) recommended continuing the PEAK study without modification. This pre-specified analysis was based on an assessment of PFS as determined by independent central review and did not include the option for early stopping due to efficacy. Top-line results are expected by the end of 2025.

Figure 14. PEAK study design graphic

Based on the data from the lead-in portion of the PEAK trial, we initiated the randomized portion of PEAK using a 600 mg dose of our optimized formulation of bezuclastinib, supplied as 75 mg tablets, which in the lead-in portion of the study demonstrated clinical exposure comparable to the 1,000 mg original formulation used in our GIST Phase 1/2 clinical trial. Initial safety and pharmacokinetic data from the PEAK lead-in study was presented at the CTOS annual meeting in November 2022.

In June 2024, we presented updated positive clinical data from the lead-in portion of the PEAK trial at the 2024 annual ASCO meeting. As of the cutoff date, April 1, 2024, the 42 patients in Part 1 have been on study for a median of 15.3 months. The median progression-free survival (“mPFS”) on the combination of bezuclastinib and sunitinib was 10.2 months in all patients. In a subset of second-line GIST patients with only prior imatinib, a population that most closely resembles patients currently enrolling in the Phase 3 pivotal PEAK study, the data demonstrate a mPFS of 19.4 months. In addition, the ORR in all patients treated with bezuclastinib and sunitinib was 27.5% and in the subset of second-line patients the ORR was 33.3%, per investigator assessment. Combination treatment resulted in a disease control rate of 80% in all patients and 100% in second-line patients with prior imatinib only. As of the data cutoff, the combination of bezuclastinib and sunitinib does not appear to add to the severity of adverse events known to be associated with sunitinib monotherapy and is well-tolerated. The majority of treatment-emergent adverse events (“TEAEs”) were low-grade and reversible and discontinuations due to TEAEs remain limited.

16

Figure 15. PEAK ORR and Durability

In May 2024, we also announced the initiation of a new advanced Phase 2 clinical trial of bezuclastinib plus sunitinib in later line GIST patients that is being sponsored by the Sarcoma Alliance for Research through Collaboration and in collaboration with The Life Raft Group and Dana-Farber Cancer Institute. The open label, single arm Phase 2 trial is designed to evaluate the mPFS as well as the safety and tolerability of bezuclastinib plus sunitinib in 40 patients with GIST who have previously progressed on sunitinib. This trial is focused on later line patients that are not eligible for PEAK and have limited treatment options.

In the first quarter of 2025, we initiated an expanded access program in the United States for patients affected with advanced, metastatic, and/or unresectable GIST, intolerant to imatinib or received prior imatinib therapy for treatment that resulted in disease progression, and who meet other inclusion and exclusion criteria.

CGT4859

Our research team is building a pipeline of small molecule inhibitors, with our first efforts aimed toward targeting currently undrugged mutations in fibroblast growth factor receptor (“FGFR”). FGFR mutations are well-established oncogenic drivers in multiple diseases, but approved medicines fail to capture the full landscape of FGFR altered tumor types, with FGFR1-mediated hyperphosphatemia serving as the most common dose-limiting toxicity for pan-FGFR inhibitors. In April 2023, we reported preclinical data at the American Association for Cancer Research (“AACR”) 2023 Annual Meeting providing the first published evidence of CGT4859 a reversible, selective FGFR2 inhibitor with coverage of activating and emerging resistance mutations that spares inhibition of FGFR1. Preclinical data demonstrate a profile that delivers equipotent coverage across both key gatekeeper and molecular brake mutations (V564X, N549X) in FGFR2, while avoiding any evidence of FGFR1-linked hyperphosphatemia at efficacious plasma concentrations. In October 2023, we presented updated preclinical data at the 2023 EORTC-NCI-AACR International Symposium on Molecular Targets and Cancer Therapeutics (“EORTC-NCI-AACR”). Preclinical data demonstrate a profile that exhibits low namomolar potency on WT FGFR2 and FGFR2 mutations and is selective against the kinome, as well as a panel of ion channels and receptors. Exploratory pharmacokinetics studies conducted across species showed CGT4859 to be a low-clearance compound with high oral bioavailability. Further, in a mutant-driven mouse model, CGT4859 demonstrated dose-responsive tumor growth inhibition with complete regressions at 5 mg/kg PO and was well-tolerated. In addition, as a reversible inhibitor, the Cogent program retains enzymatic potency against potential cysteine 491 mutations. We are actively enrolling our Phase 1 study of CGT4859 in patients with FGFR2 mutations, including advanced cholangiocarcinoma. The trial will explore the safety, tolerability and clinical activity of escalating doses of CGT4859 with a goal of selecting an active and well tolerated dose for further clinical investigation.

17

Research Programs

The Cogent Research Team, based in Boulder, Colorado, is focused on pioneering best-in-class, small molecule therapeutics to expand our pipeline and deliver novel precision therapies for patients living with unmet medical needs. For ErbB2, PI3K and KRAS we see opportunities to provide a more robust molecular response compared to existing therapies.

ErbB2

Our research team is also advancing a novel, ErbB2 mutant program, which is focused on actionable and underserved mutations in a variety of solid tumor indications. In April 2023, we reported preclinical data at AACR describing a series of novel compounds which potently inhibit several key ErbB2 mutations, including YVMA insertions, while sparing inhibition of EGFR. An exemplar compound from these series demonstrates advantages versus tucatinib, an approved benchmark compound, on tumor growth inhibition in a peripheral ErbB2 L755S driven mutant model, as well as in an ErbB2 driven intracranial model. Recent program advances with a novel chemotype have further improved ErbB2 mutational potency and selectivity and improved human whole blood stability to nearly 24 hours, suggesting a favorable profile for optimal clinical efficacy. Updated data was presented in December 2024 at the San Antonio Breast Cancer Symposium (“SABCS”). The updated data presented shows that CGT4255 demonstrated low nM potency against ErbB2 wild-type and oncogenic ErbB2 mutations with greater than 100-fold selectivity over wild-type-EGFR. In addition to impressive selectivity across a broad range of kinases, receptors and ion channels, CGT4255 has exceptional half-life in human whole blood and liver cytosol fractions. Dose ascending PK data in mice showed low clearance and high oral bioavailability at all doses, with best-in-class 80% brain penetrance at 100 mg/kg. Maximum inhibition of ErbB2 was observed at a 30 mg/kg PO dose in both NIH/3T3 ErbB2-YVMA and ErbB2-L755S tumor models, with complete regressions at 100 mg/kg PO BID in the NIH3T3 ErbB2-L755S TGI model and was well tolerated. In addition, at the 2024 SABCS meeting, CGT4255 demonstrated robust efficacy in combination with T-DXd in an NCI-N87-luc Intracranial Her2+ Model, highlighting the ability to treat challenging intercranial tumors. These advances continue to highlight a favorable profile for optimal clinical efficacy. We selected our ErbB2 clinical candidate in 2024 and plan to submit an IND application in 2025.

PI3Kα

Our research team is also developing a potential best-in-class, wild-type-sparing, PI3Kα inhibitor that provides coverage for the H1047R mutation, which affects >30,000 cancer patients each year. The phosphoinositide 3-kinase (“PI3K”) pathway is a key cell cycle regulating pathway that has an established role in tumor growth and development. PI3Kα mutations are highly prevalent in many solid tumors and are present in 36% of all breast cancer patients. The approved agents for these patients often lead to dose limitations, resulting from activity against wild-type PI3Kα. Preclinical data was presented at the 2024 EORTC-NCI-AACR meeting in October 2024 as well as the December 2024 SABCS, which highlighted that CGT6297 is an allosteric inhibitor of PI3K, was well-tolerated in the tumor growth inhibition efficacy models and has been profiled based on its selectivity for H1047R over WT PI3K. CGT6297 demonstrated low nM potency in H1047R mutant PI3K cell lines, differentiated dose ascending PK in mice with high bioavailability and low clearance. CGT6297 also showed >95% inhibition of pAKT in a H1047R PD model, without increases in insulin or C-peptide. Its efficacy profile was superior to a clinically-relevant dose of Alpelisib in the NCI H1048 mouse tumor growth inhibition model. CGT6297 has been selected as our clinical candidate for the PI3K 1047 mutation focused project. IND-enabling studies have been initiated and we expect to submit an IND application in 2025.

KRAS

Our research team is also developing a potent and selective KRAS inhibitor. Mutations in KRAS are among the most prevalent mutations found in cancer, occurring most often in colorectal cancer, non-small cell lung cancer and pancreatic cancer. Preclinical data was presented at the 2024 EORTC-NCI-AACR meeting and highlighted our internally-developed pan KRAS(ON) inhibitor with selectivity over HRAS and NRAS and picomolar (pM) activity across KRAS mutations without the potential liabilities of molecules in the class. Following oral administration, CGT6737 demonstrated robust PK/PD and tumor growth inhibition with 90% PD inhibition in mouse xenograft models. Lead optimization of CGT6737 is ongoing.

18

Intellectual Property

One key to our success will be our ability to establish and maintain protection for our product candidates and know-how, in order to enforce and defend our intellectual property rights and to operate without infringing on the rights of others. We rely on our know-how, trade secrets and continuing technological innovation as well as on in-licensing of third-party intellectual property to develop and maintain our proprietary position. Our patent portfolio consists of U.S. patents and foreign patents and patent applications that we in-licensed exclusively from Plexxikon, as well as additional patent applications we have filed on our own.

Bezuclastinib

With the acquisition of Kiq Bio LLC (formerly Kiq LLC) (“Kiq”) on July 6, 2020, we obtained an exclusive, sublicensable, worldwide license to patents and applications owned by Plexxikon pursuant to a license agreement between Plexxikon and Kiq (the “License Agreement”). The licensed patents and applications under the License Agreement cover bezuclastinib, its therapeutic uses, and methods of making bezuclastinib and intermediates. These patents and applications include issued patents in multiple territories, including, but not limited to, Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, Colombia, Europe (validated in Germany, Spain, France, Great Britain, Italy, the Netherlands, as well as various other EU countries), Hong Kong, India, Indonesia, Israel, Japan, Mexico, New Zealand, Peru, the Philippines, Republic of Korea, Russia, Singapore, South Africa, Taiwan, and the United States. The pending applications also include patent applications pending in Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, Egypt, Europe, Hong Kong, India, Indonesia, Israel, Japan, Korea, Mexico, Philippines, Singapore, South Africa, and the United States. The issued U.S. patents covering bezuclastinib and its therapeutic uses are expected to expire in 2033 and 2034, and the issued foreign patents covering bezuclastinib and its therapeutic uses are expected to expire in 2033, without consideration of potential patent term extensions. Patent applications covering methods of making bezuclastinib and intermediates could potentially provide exclusivity through at least 2041. In 2023, we filed US and international patent applications seeking to protect our optimized formulation of bezuclastinib, which could potentially provide exclusivity through at least 2043. We may seek to obtain rights under additional patent applications relating to bezuclastinib and its use to treat SM and GIST in the United States and in other countries as we proceed with this development program.

FGFR2

We own two patent families directed to inhibitors of FGFR2 mutations. A first patent family covers compositions of matter of certain inhibitors of FGFR2 and methods of use. As of December 31, 2024, this patent family has one pending US application and one pending international application. Any patents issuing from or claiming priority to these applications would be expected to expire in 2044 without consideration of potential patent term extensions. A second patent family covers compositions of matter of certain inhibitors of FGFR2 mutations and methods of use. As of December 31, 2024, this patent family has one pending US application and one pending international application. Any patents issuing from or claiming priority to these applications would be expected to expire in 2044 without consideration of potential patent term extensions.

ErbB2

We own one patent family directed to inhibitors of ErbB2 mutations. This patent family covers compositions of matter of certain inhibitors of ErbB2 mutations and methods of use. As of December 31, 2024, this patent family has one pending US application and one pending international application. Any patents issuing from or claiming priority to these applications would be expected to expire in 2044 without consideration of potential patent term extensions.

We are not currently a party to and have not been a party to any legal proceedings involving patent rights.

In addition to the protection afforded by patents, we seek to protect our technology and product candidates, in part, by trade secret and confidentiality agreements with those who have access to our confidential information, including our employees, contractors, consultants, collaborators, and advisors. We also seek to preserve the integrity and confidentiality of our proprietary technology and processes by maintaining physical security of our premises and physical and electronic security of our information technology systems. Although we have confidence in these individuals, organizations, and systems, agreements or security measures may be breached and we may not have adequate remedies for any breach. Furthermore, the laws of some foreign countries may not protect proprietary rights to the same extent or in the same manner as the laws of the United States.

19

In addition, our trade secrets may otherwise become known or may be independently discovered by competitors. To the extent that our employees, contractors, consultants, collaborators, and advisors use intellectual property owned by others in their work for us, disputes may arise as to the rights in related or resulting know-how and inventions.

Moreover, we may be subject to claims challenging the inventorship or ownership of our or our licensors’ patents and other intellectual property. Disputes regarding ownership or inventorship of our or our licensors’ patents or other intellectual property can arise in various contexts, including collaborations and sponsored research. If we are subject to a dispute challenging our rights in or to patents or other intellectual property, such a dispute could be expensive and time consuming. If we are unsuccessful, we could lose valuable rights in intellectual property that we regard as our own.

For more comprehensive risks related to our proprietary technology, inventions, improvements and products, please see the section on “Risk Factors—Risks Related to Intellectual Property.”

Licenses and Third-Party Research Collaborations

License Agreement with Plexxikon Inc.

In July 2020, we obtained an exclusive, sublicensable, worldwide license to certain patents and other intellectual property rights to research, develop, and commercialize bezuclastinib. Under the terms of the License Agreement, we are required to pay Plexxikon aggregate payments of up to $7.5 million upon the satisfaction of certain clinical milestones and up to $25.0 million upon the satisfaction of certain regulatory milestones. During the second quarter of 2022, as a result of the progression of the PEAK study, the first clinical milestone was achieved, resulting in payment of $2.5 million to Plexxikon in June 2022. As of December 31, 2024, no other milestone payments have been made or are considered probable of occurring, however, $5.0 million may become payable in the next twelve months as a result of future regulatory filings.

We are also required to pay Plexxikon tiered royalties ranging from a low-single digit percentage to a high-single digit percentage on annual net sales of products. These royalty obligations last on a product-by-product basis and country-by-country basis until the latest of (i) the date on which there is no valid claim of a licensed Plexxikon patent covering a subject product in such country or (ii) the 10
th
 anniversary of the date of the first commercial sale of the product in such country. In addition, if we sublicense the rights under the License Agreement, we are required to pay a certain percentage of the sublicense revenue to Plexxikon ranging from mid-double digit percentages to mid-single digit percentages, depending on whether the sublicense is entered into prior to or after certain development and regulatory milestones.

The License Agreement will expire on a country-by-country and licensed product-by-licensed product basis until the later of the last to expire of the patents covering such licensed products or services or the 10-year anniversary of the date of first commercial sale of the licensed product in such country. Plexxikon may terminate the License Agreement within 30 days after written notice in the event of a breach of contract that remains uncured. Plexxikon may also terminate the agreement upon written notice in the event of our bankruptcy, liquidation, or insolvency. In addition, we have the right to terminate the License Agreement in its entirety at will upon 90 days’ advance written notice to Plexxikon.

Competition

The pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries are characterized by rapidly advancing technologies, intense competition and a strong emphasis on proprietary drugs. While we believe that our technology, development experience, and scientific knowledge provide us with competitive advantages, we face potential competition from many different sources, including major pharmaceutical, specialty pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, academic institutions governmental agencies, and public and private research institutions. Any drug candidates that we successfully develop and commercialize will compete with existing drugs and new drugs that may become available in the future.

We compete in the segments of the pharmaceutical, biotechnology, and other related markets that address precision medicines for patients with genetically defined diseases. There are several other companies working to develop therapies in this field using a similar strategy. These companies include divisions of large pharmaceutical companies and biotechnology companies of various sizes.

20

Many of the companies against which we are competing or against which we may compete in the future have significantly greater financial resources and expertise in research and development, manufacturing, preclinical testing, conducting clinical trials, obtaining regulatory approvals, and marketing approved drugs than we do. Mergers and acquisitions in the pharmaceutical, biotechnology, and diagnostic industries may result in even more resources being concentrated among a smaller number of our competitors. Smaller or early-stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large and established companies. These competitors also compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific and management personnel and establishing clinical trial sites and patient registration for clinical trials, as well as in acquiring technologies complementary to, or necessary for, our programs.

Our commercial opportunity could be reduced or eliminated if our competitors develop and commercialize drugs that are safer, more effective, have fewer or less severe side effects, are more convenient, or are less expensive than any drugs that we or our collaborators may develop. Our competitors also may obtain FDA or other regulatory approval for their drugs more rapidly than we may obtain approval for ours, which could result in our competitors establishing a strong market position before we or our collaborators are able to enter the market. The key competitive factors affecting the success of all of our drug candidates, if approved, are likely to be their efficacy, safety, convenience, price, the effectiveness of companion diagnostics, the level of generic competition, and the availability of reimbursement from government and other third-party payors.

Bezuclastinib, if approved for the indications for which we are currently enrolling clinical trials, will compete with the drugs discussed below and will likely compete with other drugs that are currently in development.

In SM, the only approved drugs for the treatment of AdvSM are Blueprint Medicines Corporation’s (“Blueprint”) avapritinib and Novartis AG’s midostaurin. Additionally, Novartis AG’s imatinib is approved for AdvSM patients without the KIT D816V mutation or mutational status unknown. Blueprint’s avapritinib has also been approved for the treatment of Non-AdvSM. We may also face competition from other drug candidates in preclinical or clinical development for SM.

In GIST, the current approved standards of care for unresectable or metastatic patients are first-line imatinib, followed by second-line sunitinib upon imatinib progression, followed by third-line regorafenib upon sunitinib progression, followed by fourth-line ripretinib for patients who have received three or more prior kinase inhibitors. In addition, avapritinib was approved by the FDA in January 2020 for patients with GIST harboring a PDGFRα exon 18 mutation, including PDGFRA D842V mutations only. We may face competition from other drug candidates in preclinical or clinical development including, Deciphera Pharmaceuticals, LLC., a member of Ono Pharmaceuticals, Co. Ltd, Taiho Pharmaceutical Co. Ltd, and GSK plc.

In cholangiocarcinoma (“CC”), the only approved drugs for the treatment of FGFR related CC are Incyte’s Pemigatinib, and Taiho Pharma’s Futibatinib. We may face competition from other drug candidates in preclinical or clinical development including, Elevar Therapeutics Inc., Tyra Biosciences Inc., Abbisko Therapeutics Co., Ltd., TransThera Sciences (Nanjing), Inc., HutchMed (China) Limited and Amgen Inc.

Manufacturing and Supply

We do not own or operate, and have no current plans to establish, any manufacturing facilities. We currently rely, and expect to continue to rely, on third parties to manufacture our drug candidates for preclinical and clinical testing, as well as for future commercial supply of any drugs that we may commercialize. To date, we have obtained API and drug product from third-party manufacturers for bezuclastinib and our other drug candidates to support preclinical and clinical testing. We obtain our supplies from these manufacturers on a purchase-order basis and do not have any long-term supply arrangements. We do not currently have a validated manufacturing process in place for any product candidate which would be required to support commercialization of any of our drug candidates, if approved.

Our drug candidates are compounds of low molecular weight, generally called small molecules. They can be manufactured from readily available starting materials in reliable and reproducible synthetic processes. The manufacturing process is amenable to scale-up. As we continue our clinical development of bezuclastinib, we expect to continue to enhance our manufacturing process to allow for drug candidates that are safer, more effective, have superior dosing regimens and are cost-effective.

21

Government Regulation

Government authorities in the United States, at the federal, state and local levels, and in other countries and jurisdictions, including the European Union, extensively regulate, among other things, the research, development, testing, product approval, manufacture, quality control, manufacturing changes, packaging, storage, recordkeeping, labeling, promotion, advertising, sales, distribution, marketing, and import and export of drugs and biologic products. Our current product candidates are expected to be regulated as drugs. The processes for obtaining regulatory approval in the United States and in foreign countries and jurisdictions, along with compliance with applicable statutes and regulations and other regulatory authorities both pre- and post-commercialization, are a significant factor in the production and marketing of our products and our research and development activities and require the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources.

Review and Approval of Drugs in the United States

In the United States, the FDA and other government entities regulate drugs under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, or the FDCA, and the regulations promulgated thereunder, as well as other federal and state statutes and regulations. Failure to comply with applicable legal and regulatory requirements in the United States at any time during the product development process, approval process, or after approval, may subject us to a variety of administrative or judicial sanctions, such as a delay in approving or refusal by the FDA to approve pending applications, withdrawal of approvals, delay or suspension of clinical trials, issuance of warning letters and other types of regulatory letters, product recalls, product seizures, total or partial suspension of production or distribution, injunctions, fines, civil monetary penalties, refusals of or debarment from government contracts, exclusion from the federal healthcare programs, restitution, disgorgement of profits, civil or criminal investigations by the FDA, U.S. Department of Justice, State Attorneys General, and/or other agencies, False Claims Act suits and/or other litigation, and/or criminal prosecutions.

An applicant seeking approval to market and distribute a new drug in the United States must typically undertake the following:

•
completion of preclinical laboratory tests, which may include animal and 
in vitro
 studies, and formulation studies in compliance with the FDA’s good laboratory practice, or GLP, regulations;

•
submission to the FDA of an IND for human clinical testing, which must become effective without FDA objection before human clinical trials may begin;

•
approval by an independent institutional review board, or IRB, representing each clinical site before each clinical trial may be initiated;

•
performance of adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials in accordance with the FDA’s good clinical practice, or GCP, regulations, to establish the safety and effectiveness of the proposed drug product for each indication for which approval is sought;

•
preparation and submission to the FDA of an NDA;

•
satisfactory review of the NDA by an FDA advisory committee, where applicable;

•
satisfactory completion of one or more FDA inspections of the manufacturing facility or facilities at which the drug product, and the active pharmaceutical ingredient or ingredients thereof, are produced to assess compliance with current good manufacturing practice, or GMP, regulations and to assure that the facilities, methods, and controls are adequate to ensure the product’s identity, strength, quality, and purity;

•
payment of user fees, as applicable, and securing FDA approval of the NDA; and

•
compliance with any post-approval requirements, such as any Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategies, or REMS, or post-approval studies required by the FDA.

22

Preclinical Studies and an IND

Preclinical studies can include in vitro and animal studies to assess the potential for adverse events and, in some cases, to establish a rationale for therapeutic use. The conduct of preclinical studies is subject to federal regulations and requirements, including GLP regulations. Other studies include laboratory evaluation of the purity, stability and physical form of the manufactured drug substance or active pharmaceutical ingredient and the physical properties, stability and reproducibility of the formulated drug or drug product. An IND sponsor must submit the results of the preclinical tests, together with manufacturing information, analytical data, any available clinical data or literature and plans for clinical studies, among other things, to the FDA as part of an IND. Some preclinical testing, such as longer-term toxicity testing, animal tests of reproductive adverse events and carcinogenicity, may continue after the IND is submitted. An IND automatically becomes effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA, unless before that time the FDA raises concerns or questions related to a proposed clinical trial and places the trial on clinical hold. In such a case, the IND sponsor and the FDA must resolve any outstanding concerns before the clinical trial can begin. As a result, submission of an IND may not result in the FDA allowing clinical trials to commence.

Following commencement of a clinical trial under an IND, the FDA may place a clinical hold on that trial. A clinical hold is an order issued by the FDA to the sponsor to delay a proposed clinical investigation or to suspend an ongoing investigation. A partial clinical hold is a delay or suspension of only part of the clinical work requested under the IND. For example, a specific protocol or part of a protocol is not allowed to proceed, while other protocols may do so. No more than 30 days after imposition of a clinical hold or partial clinical hold, the FDA will provide the sponsor a written explanation of the basis for the hold. Following issuance of a clinical hold or partial clinical hold, an investigation may only resume after the FDA has notified the sponsor that the investigation may proceed. The FDA will base that determination on information provided by the sponsor correcting the deficiencies previously cited or otherwise satisfying the FDA that the investigation can proceed.

Human Clinical Studies in Support of an NDA

Clinical trials involve the administration of the investigational product to human subjects under the supervision of qualified investigators in accordance with GCP requirements, which include, among other things, the requirement that all research subjects provide their informed consent in writing before their participation in any clinical trial. Clinical trials are conducted under written study protocols detailing, among other things, the objectives of the study, the parameters to be used in monitoring safety and the effectiveness criteria to be evaluated. A protocol for each clinical trial and any subsequent protocol amendments must be submitted to the FDA as part of the IND. In addition, an IRB representing each institution participating in the clinical trial must review and approve the plan for any clinical trial before it commences at that institution, and the IRB must conduct continuing review and reapprove the study at least annually. The IRB must review and approve, among other things, the study protocol and informed consent information to be provided to study subjects. An IRB must operate in compliance with FDA regulations.

Information about certain clinical trials must be submitted within specific timeframes to the National Institutes of Health for public dissemination on its ClinicalTrials.gov website.

Human clinical trials are typically conducted in three sequential phases, which may overlap or be combined:

Phase 1: The product candidate is initially introduced into healthy human subjects or patients with the target disease or condition and tested for safety, dosage tolerance, absorption, metabolism, distribution, excretion and, if possible, to gain an early indication of its effectiveness.

Phase 2: The product candidate is administered to a limited patient population to identify possible adverse effects and safety risks, to preliminarily evaluate the efficacy of the product for specific targeted diseases and to determine dosage tolerance and optimal dosage.

Phase 3: The product candidate is administered to an expanded patient population, generally at geographically dispersed clinical trial sites, in well-controlled clinical trials to generate enough data to statistically evaluate the efficacy and safety of the product for approval, to establish the overall risk-benefit profile of the product, and to provide adequate information for the labeling of the product.

23

Progress reports detailing the results of the clinical trials must be submitted at least annually to the FDA and more frequently if serious adverse events occur. Phase 1, Phase 2, and Phase 3 clinical trials may not be completed successfully within any specified period, or at all. Furthermore, the FDA or the sponsor may suspend or terminate a clinical trial at any time on various grounds, including a finding that the research subjects are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk. Similarly, an IRB can suspend or terminate approval of a clinical trial at its institution, or an institution it represents, if the clinical trial is not being conducted in accordance with the IRB’s requirements or if the drug has been associated with unexpected serious harm to patients. The FDA will typically inspect one or more clinical sites in late-stage clinical trials to assure compliance with GCP and the integrity of the clinical data submitted.

A sponsor may choose, but is not required, to conduct a foreign clinical study under an IND. When a foreign clinical study is conducted under an IND, all IND requirements must be met unless waived. When the foreign clinical study is not conducted under an IND, the sponsor must ensure that the study complies with certain FDA regulatory requirements in order to use the study as support for an IND or application for marketing approval or licensure, including that the study was conducted in accordance with GCP, including review and approval by an independent ethics committee and use of proper procedures for obtaining informed consent from subjects, and the FDA is able to validate the data from the study through an onsite inspection if the FDA deems such inspection necessary. The GCP requirements encompass both ethical and data integrity standards for clinical studies.

Submission of an NDA to the FDA

Assuming successful completion of required clinical testing and other requirements, the results of the preclinical and clinical studies, together with detailed information relating to the product’s chemistry, manufacture, controls and proposed labeling, among other things, are submitted to the FDA as part of an NDA requesting approval to market the drug product for one or more indications. Under federal law, the submission of most NDAs is additionally subject to an application user fee, currently approximately $4.0 million for fiscal year 2024, for applications requiring clinical data, and the sponsor of an approved NDA is also subject to an annual program fee, currently approximately $0.4 million for fiscal year 2024. These fees are adjusted annually.

Under certain circumstances, the FDA will waive the application fee for the first human drug application that a small business, defined as a company with less than 500 employees, including employees of affiliates, submits for review. An affiliate is defined as a business entity that has a relationship with a second business entity if one business entity controls, or has the power to control, the other business entity, or a third-party controls, or has the power to control, both entities. In addition, an application to market a prescription drug product that has received orphan designation is not subject to a prescription drug user fee unless the application includes an indication for other than the rare disease or condition for which the drug was designated.

Under the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may grant orphan designation to a drug intended to treat a disease or condition that affects fewer than 200,000 individuals in the United States, or for which there is no reasonable expectation that U.S. sales will be sufficient to recoup the development and production costs.

The FDA conducts a preliminary review of an NDA within 60 days of its receipt and informs the sponsor by the 74th day after the FDA’s receipt of the submission to determine whether the application is sufficiently complete to permit substantive review. The FDA may request additional information rather than accept an NDA for filing. In this event, the application must be resubmitted with the additional information. The resubmitted application is also subject to review before the FDA accepts it for filing. Once the submission is accepted for filing, the FDA begins an in-depth substantive review. The FDA has agreed to specified performance goals in the review process of NDAs. Most such applications are meant to be reviewed within ten months from the date of filing, and most applications for “priority review” products are meant to be reviewed within six months of filing. The review process may be extended by the FDA for three additional months to consider new information or clarification provided by the applicant to address an outstanding deficiency identified by the FDA following the original submission.

Before approving an NDA, the FDA typically will inspect the facility or facilities where the product is manufactured. The FDA will not approve an application unless it determines that the manufacturing processes and facilities are in compliance with GMP requirements and adequate to ensure consistent production of the product within required specifications. Additionally, before approving an NDA, the FDA will typically inspect one or more clinical sites to assure compliance with cGCP.

24

The FDA also may require submission of a REMS plan to mitigate any identified or suspected serious risks. The REMS plan could include medication guides, physician communication plans, assessment plans, and elements to assure safe use, such as restricted distribution methods, patient registries, or other risk minimization tools.

The FDA is required to refer an application for a novel drug to an advisory committee or explain why such referral was not made. Typically, an advisory committee is a panel of independent experts, including clinicians and other scientific experts, that reviews, evaluates and provides a recommendation as to whether the application should be approved and under what conditions. The FDA is not bound by the recommendations of an advisory committee, but it considers such recommendations carefully when making decisions.

The FDA’s Decision on an NDA

On the basis of the FDA’s evaluation of the NDA and accompanying information, including the results of the inspection of the manufacturing facilities, the FDA may issue an approval letter or a complete response letter. An approval letter authorizes commercial marketing of the product with specific prescribing information for specific indications. A complete response letter generally outlines the deficiencies in the submission and may require substantial additional testing or information in order for the FDA to reconsider the application. If and when those deficiencies have been addressed to the FDA’s satisfaction in a resubmission of the NDA, the FDA will issue an approval letter. The FDA has committed to reviewing such resubmissions in two or six months depending on the type of information included. Even with submission of this additional information, the FDA ultimately may decide that the application does not satisfy the regulatory criteria for approval.

If the FDA approves a product, it may limit the approved indications for use for the product, require that contraindications, warnings or precautions be included in the product labeling, require that post-approval studies be conducted to further assess the drug’s safety after approval, require testing and surveillance programs to monitor the product after commercialization, or impose other conditions, including distribution restrictions or other risk management mechanisms, including REMS, which can materially affect the potential market and profitability of the product. After approval, the FDA may seek to prevent or limit further marketing of a product based on the results of post-market studies or surveillance programs. Some types of changes to the approved product, such as adding new indications, manufacturing changes and additional labeling claims, are subject to further testing requirements and FDA review and approval.

Expedited Review and Accelerated Approval Programs

A sponsor may seek approval of its product candidate under programs designed to accelerate the FDA’s review and approval of NDAs. For example, Fast Track Designation may be granted to a drug intended for treatment of a serious or life-threatening disease or condition and data demonstrate its potential to address unmet medical needs for the disease or condition. The key benefits of Fast Track Designation are the eligibility for priority review, rolling review (submission of portions of an application before the complete marketing application is submitted), and accelerated approval, if relevant criteria are met. The FDA may grant the NDA a priority review designation, which sets the target date for FDA action on the application at six months after the FDA accepts the application for filing. Priority review is granted where there is evidence that the proposed product would be a significant improvement in the safety or effectiveness of the treatment, diagnosis, or prevention of a serious condition. Priority review designation does not change the scientific/medical standard for approval or the quality of evidence necessary to support approval.

The FDA may approve an NDA under the accelerated approval program if the drug treats a serious condition, provides a meaningful advantage over available therapies, and demonstrates an effect on either (1) a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit, or (2) on a clinical endpoint that can be measured earlier than irreversible morbidity or mortality, that is reasonably likely to predict an effect on irreversible morbidity or mortality or other clinical benefit, taking into account the severity, rarity, or prevalence of the condition and the availability or lack of alternative treatments. Post-marketing studies or completion of ongoing studies after marketing approval are generally required to verify the drug’s clinical benefit in relationship to the surrogate endpoint or ultimate outcome in relationship to the clinical benefit. Under the Food and Drug Omnibus Reform Act of 2022 (“FDORA”), the FDA may require, as appropriate, that such studies be underway prior to approval or within a specific time period after the date of approval for a product granted accelerated approval. The FDA also has increased authority for expedited procedures to withdraw approval of a product or indication approved under accelerated approval if the sponsor fails to conduct the required post-marketing studies or if such studies fail to verify the predicted clinical benefit. In addition, the FDA currently requires as a condition for accelerated approval pre-approval of promotional materials, which could adversely impact the timing of the commercial launch of the product.

25

In addition, the Food and Drug Administration Safety and Innovation Act of 2012, or FDASIA, established the Breakthrough Therapy designation. A sponsor may seek FDA designation of its product candidate as a breakthrough therapy if the drug is intended, alone or in combination with one or more other drugs, to treat a serious or life- threatening disease or condition and preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the drug may demonstrate substantial improvement over existing therapies on one or more clinically significant endpoints, such as substantial treatment effects observed early in clinical development. If a drug is designated as breakthrough therapy, FDA will provide more intensive guidance on the drug development program and expedite its review.

Fast track designation, breakthrough therapy designation, priority review, and accelerated approval do not change the standards for approval, but may expedite the development or approval process. Even if a product qualifies for one or more of these programs, the FDA may later decide that the product no longer meets the conditions for qualification or that the time period for FDA review or approval will not be shortened. We may explore some of these opportunities for our product candidates as appropriate.

Post-Approval Requirements

Drugs manufactured or distributed pursuant to FDA approvals are subject to pervasive and continuing regulation by the FDA, including, among other things, requirements relating to recordkeeping, periodic reporting, product sampling and distribution, advertising and promotion and reporting of adverse experiences with the product. After approval, most changes to the approved product, such as adding new indications or other labeling claims, are subject to prior FDA review and approval. There also are continuing, annual user fee requirements for any marketed products and the establishments at which such products are manufactured, as well as new application fees for supplemental applications with clinical data.

In addition, drug manufacturers and other entities involved in the manufacture and distribution of approved drugs are required to register their establishments with the FDA and state agencies and are subject to periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA and these state agencies for compliance with cGMP requirements. Changes to the manufacturing process are strictly regulated and often require prior FDA approval before being implemented.

FDA regulations also require investigation and correction of any deviations from cGMP and impose reporting and documentation requirements upon the sponsor and any third-party manufacturers that the sponsor may decide to use. Accordingly, manufacturers must continue to expend time, money, and effort in the area of production and quality control to maintain cGMP compliance.

Once an approval is granted, the FDA may withdraw the approval if compliance with regulatory requirements and standards is not maintained or if problems occur after the product reaches the market. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with a product, including adverse events or problems with manufacturing processes of unanticipated severity or frequency, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may result in revisions to the approved labeling to add new safety information; imposition of post-market studies or clinical trials to assess new safety risks; or imposition of distribution or other restrictions under a REMS program. Other potential consequences include, among other things:

•
restrictions on the marketing or manufacturing of the product, complete withdrawal of the product from the market or product recalls;

•
fines, warning letters or holds on post-approval clinical trials;

•
refusal of the FDA to approve pending NDAs or supplements to approved NDAs, or suspension or revocation of product license approvals;

•
product seizure or detention, or refusal to permit the import or export of products; or

•
injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties.

The FDA strictly regulates marketing, labeling, advertising and promotion of products that are placed on the market. Drugs may be promoted only for the approved indications and in accordance with the provisions of the approved label. The FDA and other agencies actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses, and a company that is found to have improperly promoted off-label uses may be subject to significant criminal and civil liability.

26

In addition, the distribution of prescription pharmaceutical products is subject to the Prescription Drug Marketing Act, or PDMA, which regulates the distribution of drugs and drug samples at the federal level and sets minimum standards for the registration and regulation of drug distributors by the states. Both the PDMA and state laws limit the distribution of prescription pharmaceutical product samples and impose requirements to ensure accountability in distribution.

Abbreviated New Drug Applications for Generic Drugs

In 1984, with passage of the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984 (commonly referred to as the “Hatch-Waxman Amendments”) amending the FDCA, Congress authorized the FDA to approve generic drugs that are the same as drugs previously approved by the FDA under the NDA provisions of the statute. To obtain approval of a generic drug, an applicant must submit an abbreviated new drug application (“ANDA”) to the agency. Upon approval of an ANDA, the FDA indicates that the generic product is “therapeutically equivalent” to the drug product previously approved under an NDA, known as the reference listed drug (“RLD”), and it assigns a therapeutic equivalence rating to the approved generic drug in its publication “Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic Equivalence Evaluations,” also referred to as the “Orange Book.” Physicians and pharmacists consider the therapeutic equivalence rating to mean that a generic drug is fully substitutable for the RLD. In addition, by operation of certain state laws and numerous health insurance programs, the FDA’s designation of a therapeutic equivalence rating often results in substitution of the generic drug without the knowledge or consent of either the prescribing physician or patient.

Under the Hatch-Waxman Amendments, the FDA may not approve an ANDA until any applicable period of nonpatent exclusivity for the RLD has expired. The FDCA provides a period of five years of data exclusivity for NDAs containing a new chemical entity. In cases where such exclusivity has been granted, an ANDA may not be filed with the FDA until the expiration of five years unless the submission is accompanied by a Paragraph IV certification (discussed further below), in which case the applicant may submit its application four years following the original product approval. The FDCA also provides for a period of three years of exclusivity if the NDA includes reports of one or more new clinical investigations, other than bioavailability or bioequivalence studies, that were conducted by or for the applicant and are essential to the approval of the application. This three-year exclusivity period often protects changes to a previously approved drug product, such as a new dosage form, route of administration, combination or indication.

Hatch-Waxman Patent Certification and the 30 Month Stay

Upon approval of an NDA or a supplement thereto, NDA sponsors are required to list with the FDA each patent with claims that cover the applicant’s product or a method of using the product. When an ANDA applicant files its application with the FDA, the applicant is required to certify to the FDA concerning any patents listed for the reference product in the Orange Book, except for patents covering methods of use for which the ANDA applicant is not seeking approval.

A certification that the new product will not infringe the already approved product’s listed patents or that such patents are invalid or unenforceable is called a Paragraph IV certification. If the applicant does not challenge the listed patents or indicate that it is not seeking approval of a patented method of use, the ANDA application will not be approved until all the listed patents claiming the referenced product have expired. If the ANDA applicant has provided a Paragraph IV certification to the FDA, the applicant must also send notice of the Paragraph IV certification to the NDA and patent holders once the ANDA has been accepted for filing by the FDA. The NDA and patent holders may then initiate a patent infringement lawsuit in response to the notice of the Paragraph IV certification. The filing of a patent infringement lawsuit within 45 days after the receipt of a Paragraph IV certification automatically prevents the FDA from approving the ANDA until the earlier of 30 months, expiration of the patent, settlement of the lawsuit or a decision in the infringement case that is favorable to the ANDA applicant.

27

505(b)(2) New Drug Applications

As an alternative path to FDA approval for modifications to formulations or uses of products previously approved by the FDA pursuant to an NDA, an applicant may submit an NDA under Section 505(b)(2) of the FDCA. Section 505(b)(2) was enacted as part of the Hatch-Waxman Amendments and permits the filing of an NDA where at least some of the information required for approval comes from studies not conducted by, or for, the applicant, and for which the applicant has not obtained a right of reference. If the 505(b)(2) applicant can establish that reliance on the FDA’s previous findings of safety and effectiveness is scientifically and legally appropriate, it may eliminate the need to conduct certain preclinical studies or clinical trials of the new product. The FDA may also require companies to perform additional bridging studies or measurements, including clinical trials, to support the change from the previously approved reference drug. The FDA may then approve the new drug candidate for all, or some, of the label indications for which the reference drug has been approved, as well as for any new indication sought by the 505(b)(2) applicant.

To the extent that a Section 505(b)(2) applicant is relying on studies conducted for an already approved product, the applicant is required to certify to the FDA concerning any patents listed for the approved product in the Orange Book to the same extent that an ANDA applicant would. As a result, approval of a 505(b)(2) NDA can be stalled until all the listed patents claiming the referenced product have expired, until any non-patent exclusivity, such as exclusivity for obtaining approval of a new chemical entity, listed in the Orange Book for the referenced product has expired, and, in the case of a Paragraph IV certification and subsequent patent infringement suit, until the earlier of 30 months, settlement of the lawsuit or a decision in the infringement case that is favorable to the Section 505(b)(2) applicant.

U.S. Data Privacy and Security Laws

There are numerous U.S. federal, state, and local laws and regulations, as well as foreign legislation, in particular in the EU and UK, which regulate personal information, including health-related information and how that information may be used, processed, and disclosed. These regulations also cover sensitive and confidential personal information, including medical and health information, and impose requirements on entities that handle such information to implement certain privacy and security measures. We and/or our partners may be subject to these laws.

In the United States, numerous federal and state laws and regulations, including state data breach notification laws, state health information privacy laws, and federal and state consumer protection laws and regulations, govern the collection, use, disclosure, and protection of health-related and other personal information could apply to our operations or the operations of our partners.

For example, at the federal level, the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (“HIPAA”), as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009 (“HITECH Act”), and their respective implementing regulations imposes data privacy, security, and breach notification obligations on certain health care providers, health plans, and health care clearinghouses, known as covered entities, as well as their business associates and their covered subcontractors that perform certain services that involve using, disclosing, creating, receiving, maintaining, or transmitting individually identifiable protected health information (“PHI”) for or on behalf of such covered entities. These requirements imposed by HIPAA and the HITECH Act on covered entities and business associates include entering into agreements that require business associates protect PHI provided by the covered entity against improper use or disclosure, among other things; following certain standards for the privacy of PHI, which limit the disclosure of a patient’s past, present, or future physical or mental health or condition or information about a patient’s receipt of health care if the information identifies, or could reasonably be used to identify, the individual; ensuring the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of all PHI created, received, maintained, or transmitted in electronic form, to identify and protect against reasonably anticipated threats or impermissible uses or disclosures to the security and integrity of such PHI; and reporting of breaches of PHI to individuals and regulators.

28

Entities that are found to be in violation of HIPAA may be subject to significant civil, criminal, and administrative fines and penalties and/or additional reporting and oversight obligations if required to enter into a resolution agreement and corrective action plan with HHS to settle allegations of HIPAA non-compliance. A covered entity or business associate is also liable for civil money penalties for a violation that is based on an act or omission of any of its agents, which may include a downstream business associate, as determined according to the federal common law of agency. HITECH also increased the civil and criminal penalties applicable to covered entities and business associates and gave state attorneys general new authority to file civil actions for damages or injunctions in federal courts to enforce HIPAA and seek attorneys’ fees and costs associated with pursuing federal civil actions. To the extent that we submit electronic healthcare claims and payment transactions that do not comply with the electronic data transmission standards established under HIPAA and HITECH, payments to us may be delayed or denied.

In addition, state health information privacy laws, such as California’s Confidentiality of Medical Information Act and Washington’s My Health My Data Act, govern the privacy and security of health-related information, specifically, may apply even when HIPAA does not and impose additional requirements.

Even when HIPAA and state health information privacy laws do not apply, according to the FTC and state Attorneys General, violating consumers’ privacy rights or failing to take appropriate steps to keep consumers’ personal information secure may constitute unfair acts or practices in or affecting commerce in violation of Section 5(a) of the Federal Trade Commission Act and state consumer protection laws.

In addition, certain state laws, such as the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (“CCPA”), govern the privacy and security of personal information, including health-related information in certain circumstances, some of which are more stringent than HIPAA in various ways. Numerous other states have passed similar laws, but many differ from each other in significant ways and may not have the same effect, thus complicating compliance efforts. The CCPA applies to personal data of consumers, business representatives, and employees, and imposes obligations on certain businesses that do business in California, including to provide specific disclosures in privacy notices, and affords rights to California residents in relation to their personal information. Health information falls under the CCPA’s definition of personal information where it identifies, relates to, describes, or is reasonably capable of being associated with or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household—unless it is subject to HIPAA—and is included under a new category of personal information, “sensitive personal information,” which is offered greater protection. The numerous other comprehensive privacy laws that have passed or are being considered in other states, as well as at the federal and local levels, also exempt some data processed in the context of clinical trials; but others exempt covered entities and business associates subject to HIPAA altogether, further complicating compliance efforts, and increasing legal risk and compliance costs for us and the third parties upon whom we rely.

Failure to comply with these laws, where applicable, can result in the imposition of significant civil and/or criminal penalties and private litigation. Privacy and security laws, regulations, and other obligations are constantly evolving, may conflict with each other to complicate compliance efforts, and can result in investigations, proceedings, or actions that lead to significant civil and/or criminal penalties and restrictions on data processing.

Review and Approval of Drug Products in the European Union and United Kingdom

In order to market any pharmaceutical product outside of the United States, a company must also comply with numerous and varying regulatory requirements of other countries and jurisdictions governing, among other things, research and development, testing, manufacturing, quality control, safety, efficacy, labeling, clinical trials, marketing authorization, packaging, storage, record keeping, reporting, export and import, advertising, marketing and other promotional practices involving pharmaceutical products, as well as commercial sales, distribution, authorization, approval and post-approval monitoring and reporting of our products. Whether or not it obtains FDA approval for a pharmaceutical product, the Company would need to obtain the necessary approvals by the comparable foreign regulatory authorities before it can commence clinical trials or marketing of the pharmaceutical product in those countries or jurisdictions. The approval process ultimately varies between countries and jurisdictions and can involve additional product testing and additional administrative review periods. The time required to obtain approval in other countries and jurisdictions might differ from and be longer than that required to obtain FDA approval. Regulatory approval in one country or jurisdiction does not ensure regulatory approval in another, but a failure or delay in obtaining regulatory approval in one country or jurisdiction may negatively impact the regulatory process in others.

29

The United Kingdom (“UK”) formally left the EU on January 31, 2020 and EU laws now only apply to the UK in respect of Northern Ireland as laid out in the Protocol on Ireland and Northern Ireland. The EU and the UK agreed on a trade and cooperation agreement (“TCA”), which includes provisions affecting the life sciences sector (including on customs and tariffs). There are some specific provisions concerning pharmaceuticals, including the mutual recognition of Good Manufacturing Practice (“GMP”) and issued GMP documents. The TCA does not, however, contain wholesale mutual recognition of UK and EU pharmaceutical regulations and product standards.

The UK government has enacted the Medicines and Medical Devices Act 2021. The purpose of the act is to enable the existing regulatory frameworks in relation to human medicines, clinical trials of human medicines, veterinary medicines and medical devices to be updated. The powers under the act may only be exercised in relation to specified matters and must safeguard public health.

The Medicines and Medical Devices Act 2021 supplements the UK Medical Devices Regulations 2002 (“UK Regulations”), which are based on the EU Medical Devices Directive as amended to reflect the UK’s post-Brexit regulatory regime. Notably, the UK Regulations do not include any of the revisions that have been made by the EU Medical Devices Regulation (EU) 2017/745, which, since May 26, 2021, now applies in all EU Member States.

The UK’s Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency conducted a comprehensive consultation in 2021 on proposals to develop a new UK regime for medical devices in the UK. The proposals include more closely aligning definitions for medical devices and in vitro medical devices with internationally recognized definitions and changing the classification of medical devices according to levels or risk. The proposals are intended to improve patient and public safety and increase the appeal of the UK market. Core aspects of the new regime are planned to come into force on July 1, 2025, with strengthened post-market surveillance proposals to be introduced in advance of such date.

Under the Medical Devices (Amendment) (Great Britain) Regulations 2023, CE marked European medical devices will continue to be accepted for sale in the UK until 2028 or 2030 (depending on the type of device).

Drug Development Process

The conduct of clinical trials is currently governed by the EU Clinical Trials Directive 2001/20/EC, or Clinical Trials Directive, and will be replaced by the EU Clinical Trials Regulation (EU) No. 536/2014 (“CTR”) once the latter comes into effect. The CTR introduces a complete overhaul of the existing regulation of clinical trials for medicinal products in the EU. It entered into force on January 31, 2022. Under the current regime, which will expire after a transition period of one or three years, respectively, as outlined below in more detail, before a clinical trial can be initiated it must be approved in each EU Member State where there is a site at which the trial is to be conducted. The approval must be obtained from two separate entities: the National Competent Authority (“NCA”) and one or more Ethics Committees. The NCA of the EU Member States in which the clinical trial will be conducted must authorize the conduct of the trial, and the independent Ethics Committee must grant a positive opinion in relation to the conduct of the clinical trial in the relevant EU Member State before the commencement of the trial. Any substantial changes to the trial protocol or other information submitted with the clinical trial applications must be submitted to or approved by the relevant NCA and Ethics Committees. Under the current regime all suspected unexpected serious adverse reactions to the investigated drug that occur during the clinical trial must be reported to the NCA and to the Ethics Committees of the EU Member State where they occur.

A more unified procedure will apply under the new CTR. A sponsor will be able to submit a single application for approval of a clinical trial through a centralized EU clinical trials portal (the Clinical Trials Information System or “CTIS”). One national regulatory authority (the reporting EU Member State proposed by the applicant) will take the lead in validating and evaluating the application consult and coordinate with the other concerned Member States. If an application is rejected, it may be amended and resubmitted through the EU clinical trials portal. If an approval is issued, the sponsor may start the clinical trial in all concerned Member States. However, a concerned EU Member State may in limited circumstances declare an “opt-out” from an approval and prevent the clinical trial from being conducted in such Member State. The CTR also aims to streamline and simplify the rules on safety reporting, and introduces enhanced transparency requirements such as mandatory submission of a summary of the clinical trial results to the EU Database. The CTR foresees a three-year transition period. Member States will work in CTIS immediately after the system has gone live. For one year, until January 31, 2023, clinical trial sponsors can still choose whether to submit an initial clinical trial application in line with the current system (Clinical Trials Directive) or via CTIS. Since January 31, 2023, submission of initial CTA via CTIS is mandatory and CTIS serves as the single-entry point for submission of clinical trial-related information and data. By January 31, 2025, all ongoing trials approved under the current Clinical Trials Directive will need to comply with the CTR and have to be transitioned to CTIS.

30

Under both the current regime and the new CTR, national laws, regulations, and the applicable Good Clinical Practice (“GCP”) and Good Laboratory Practice standards must also be respected during the conduct of the trials, including the International Council for Harmonization of Technical Requirements for Pharmaceuticals for Human Use (“ICH”) guidelines on GCP and the ethical principles that have their origin in the Declaration of Helsinki.

During the development of a medicinal product, the European Medicines Agency (“EMA”) and national regulators within the EU provide the opportunity for dialogue and guidance on the development program. At the EMA level, this is usually done in the form of scientific advice, which is given by the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (“CHMP”) on the recommendation of the Scientific Advice Working Party (“SAWP”). A fee is incurred with each scientific advice procedure, but is significantly reduced for designated orphan medicines. Advice from the EMA is typically provided based on questions concerning, for example, quality (chemistry, manufacturing and controls testing), nonclinical testing and clinical studies, and pharmacovigilance plans and risk-management programs. Advice is not legally binding with regard to any future Marketing Authorization Application (“MAA”) of the product concerned.

Marketing Authorization Procedures

In the EU and in Iceland, Norway and Liechtenstein (together the European Economic Area or “EEA”), after completion of all required clinical testing, pharmaceutical products may only be placed on the market after obtaining a Marketing Authorization (“MA”). To obtain an MA of a drug under European Union regulatory systems, an applicant can submit a MAA through, amongst others, a centralized or decentralized procedure.

The centralized procedure provides for the grant of a single MA by the European Commission (EC) that is valid for all EU Member States and, after respective national implementing decisions, in the three additional EEA Member States (Iceland, Norway and Liechtenstein). The centralized procedure is compulsory for specific medicinal products, including for medicines developed by means of certain biotechnological processes, products designated as orphan medicinal products, advanced therapy medicinal products (“ATMP”) and medicinal products with a new active substance indicated for the treatment of certain diseases (AIDS, cancer, neurodegenerative disorders, diabetes, auto- immune and viral diseases). For medicinal products containing a new active substance not yet authorized in the EEA before May 20, 2004 and indicated for the treatment of other diseases, medicinal products that constitute significant therapeutic, scientific or technical innovations or for which the grant of a MA through the centralized procedure would be in the interest of public health at EU level, an applicant may voluntarily submit an application for a marketing authorization through the centralized procedure.

Under the centralized procedure, the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (“CHMP”), established at the EMA, is responsible for conducting the initial assessment of a drug. The CHMP is also responsible for several post-authorization and maintenance activities, such as the assessment of modifications or extensions to an existing marketing authorization. Under the centralized procedure, the timeframe for the evaluation of an MAA by the EMA’s CHMP is, in principle, 210 days from receipt of a valid MAA. However, this timeline excludes clock stops, when additional written or oral information is to be provided by the applicant in response to questions asked by the CHMP, so the overall process typically takes a year or more, unless the application is eligible for an accelerated assessment. Accelerated assessment might be granted by the CHMP in exceptional cases when a medicinal product is expected to be of major public health interest, particularly from the point of therapeutic innovation. On request, the CHMP can reduce the time frame to 150 days if the applicant provides sufficient justification for an accelerated assessment. The CHMP will provide a positive opinion regarding the application only if it meets certain quality, safety and efficacy requirements. However, the EC has final authority for granting the MA within 67 days after receipt of the CHMP opinion.

The decentralized procedure permits companies to file identical MA applications for a medicinal product to the competent authorities in various EU Member States simultaneously if such medicinal product has not received marketing approval in any EU Member State before. This procedure is available for pharmaceutical products not falling within the mandatory scope of the centralized procedure. The competent authority of a single EU Member State, known as the reference EU Member State, is appointed to review the application and provide an assessment report. Under this procedure, an applicant submits an application based on identical dossiers and related materials, including a draft summary of product characteristics, and draft labeling and package leaflet, to the reference EU Member State and concerned EU Member States. The reference EU Member State prepares a draft assessment report and drafts of the related materials within 120 days after receipt of a valid application. Subsequently each concerned EU Member State must decide whether to approve the assessment report and related materials.

31

If an EU Member State cannot approve the assessment report and related materials on the grounds of potential serious risk to public health, the disputed points are subject to a dispute resolution mechanism and may eventually be referred to the EC, whose decision is binding for all EU Member States.

All new MAAs must include a Risk Management Plan (“RMP”), describing the risk management system that the company will put in place and documenting measures to prevent or minimize the risks associated with the product. RMPs are continually modified and updated throughout the lifetime of the medicine as new information becomes available. New RMPs are required to be submitted (i) at the request of EMA or a national competent authority, or (ii) whenever the risk-management system is modified, especially as the result of new information being received that may lead to a significant change to the benefit-risk profile or as a result of an important pharmacovigilance or risk-minimization milestone being reached. The regulatory authorities may also impose specific obligations as a condition of the MA. Since October 20, 2023, all RMPs for centrally authorized products are published by the EMA subject to only limited redactions.

Marketing Authorizations have an initial duration of five years. After these five years, the authorization may subsequently be renewed on the basis of a reevaluation of the risk-benefit balance. Once renewed, the MA is valid for an unlimited period unless the EC or the national competent authority decides, on justified grounds relating to pharmacovigilance, to proceed with only one additional five-year renewal. Applications for renewal must be made to the EMA at least nine months before the five-year period expires.

On April 26, 2023, the EC submitted a proposal for the reform of the European pharmaceutical legislation. The current draft envisages, for example, a shortening of the periods of data exclusivity, however, there is currently neither a final version of this draft nor a date for its entry into force. While the European Parliament adopted its approving position on the reform on April 10, 2024, no further required legislative steps have been taken since.

Data and Market Exclusivity in the European Union

As in the United States, it may be possible to obtain a period of market and/or data exclusivity in the EU that would have the effect of postponing the entry into the marketplace of a competitor’s generic, hybrid or biosimilar product (even if the pharmaceutical product has already received a MA) and prohibiting another applicant from relying on the MA holder’s pharmacological, toxicological and clinical data in support of another MA for the purposes of submitting an application, obtaining MA or placing the product on the market. Innovative medicinal products, referred to as New Chemical Entities (“NCE”), approved in the EU qualify for eight years of data exclusivity and 10 years of marketing exclusivity.

An additional non-cumulative one-year period of marketing exclusivity is possible if during the data exclusivity period (the first eight years of the 10-year marketing exclusivity period), the MA holder obtains an authorization for one or more new therapeutic indications that are deemed to bring a significant clinical benefit compared to existing therapies.

The data exclusivity period begins on the date of the product’s first MA in the EU. After eight years, a generic product application may be submitted and generic companies may rely on the MA holder’s data. However, a generic product cannot launch until two years later (or a total of 10 years after the first MA in the EU of the innovator product), or three years later (or a total of 11 years after the first MA in the EU of the innovator product) if the MA holder obtains MA for a new indication with significant clinical benefit within the eight-year data exclusivity period. Additionally, another noncumulative one-year period of data exclusivity can be added to the eight years of data exclusivity where an application is made for a new indication for a well-established substance, provided that significant preclinical or clinical studies were carried out in relation to the new indication. Another year of data exclusivity may be added to the eight years, where a change of classification of a pharmaceutical product has been authorized on the basis of significant pre-trial tests or clinical trials (when examining an application by another applicant for or holder of market authorization for a change of classification of the same substance the competent authority will not refer to the results of those tests or trials for one year after the initial change was authorized).

Products may not be granted data exclusivity since there is no guarantee that a product will be considered by the European Union’s regulatory authorities to include a NCE. Even if a compound is considered to be a NCE and the MA applicant is able to gain the prescribed period of data exclusivity, another company nevertheless could also market another version of the medicinal product if such company can complete a full MAA with their own complete database of pharmaceutical tests, preclinical studies and clinical trials and obtain MA of its product.

32

Orphan Designation and Exclusivity

The criteria for designating an orphan medicinal product in the European Union are similar in principle to those in the United States. The EMA grants orphan drug designation if the medicinal product is intended for the diagnosis, prevention or treatment of a life-threatening or chronically debilitating condition affecting no more than five in 10,000 persons in the European Union (prevalence criterion). In addition, Orphan Drug Designation can be granted if, for economic reasons, the medicinal product would be unlikely to be developed without incentives and if there is no other satisfactory method approved in the European Union of diagnosing, preventing, or treating the condition, or if such a method exists, the proposed medicinal product is a significant benefit to patients affected by the condition. An application for orphan drug designation (which is not a marketing authorization, as not all orphan-designated medicines reach the authorization application stage) must be submitted first before an application for marketing authorization of the medicinal product is submitted. The applicant will receive a fee reduction for the marketing authorization application if the orphan drug designation has been granted, but not if the designation is still pending at the time the marketing authorization is submitted, and sponsors must submit an annual report to EMA summarizing the status of development of the medicine. Orphan drug designation does not convey any advantage in, or shorten the duration of, the regulatory review and approval process. Designated orphan medicines are eligible for conditional marketing authorization.

The EMA’s Committee for Orphan Medicinal Products reassesses the orphan drug designation of a product in parallel with the review for a marketing authorization; for a product to benefit from market exclusivity it must maintain its orphan drug designation at the time of marketing authorization review by the EMA and approval by the EC. Additionally, any marketing authorization granted for an orphan medicinal product must only cover the therapeutic indication(s) that are covered by the orphan drug designation. Upon the grant of a marketing authorization, orphan drug designation provides up to ten years of market exclusivity in the orphan indication.

During the 10-year period of market exclusivity, with a limited number of exceptions, the regulatory authorities of the EU Member States and the EMA may not accept applications for marketing authorization, accept an application to extend an existing marketing authorization or grant marketing authorization for other similar medicinal products for the same therapeutic indication. A similar medicinal product is defined as a medicinal product containing a similar active substance or substances as contained in a currently authorized orphan medicinal product, and which is intended for the same therapeutic indication. An orphan medicinal product can also obtain an additional two years of market exclusivity for an orphan-designated condition when the results of specific studies are reflected in the Summary of Product Characteristics (“SmPC”), addressing the pediatric population and completed in accordance with a fully compliant Pediatric Investigation Plan (“PIP”). No extension to any supplementary protection certificate can be granted on the basis of pediatric studies for orphan indications.

The 10-year market exclusivity may be reduced to six years if, at the end of the fifth year, it is established that the product no longer meets the criteria for orphan designation, i.e. the condition prevalence or financial returns criteria under Article 3 of Regulation (EC) No. 141/2000 on orphan medicinal products. When the period of orphan market exclusivity for an indication ends, the orphan drug designation for that indication expires as well. Orphan exclusivity runs in parallel with normal rules on data exclusivity and market protection. Additionally, a marketing authorization may be granted to a similar medicinal product (orphan or not) for the same or overlapping indication subject to certain requirements.

In the UK, following the post-Brexit transition period, a system for incentivizing the development of orphan medicines was introduced. Overall, the requirements for orphan designation largely replicate the requirements in the EU and the benefit of market exclusivity has been retained. Products with an orphan designation in the EU can be considered for an orphan MA in Great Britain, but a UK-wide orphan MA can only be considered in the absence of an active EU orphan designation. The MHRA will review applications for orphan designation at the time of a MA, and will offer incentives, such as market exclusivity and full or partial refunds for MA fees to encourage the development of medicines in rare diseases.

33

Pediatric Development

In the European Union, companies developing a new medicinal product are obligated to study their product in children and must therefore submit a PIP together with a request for agreement to the EMA. The EMA issues a decision on the PIP based on an opinion of the EMA’s Pediatric Committee, or PDCO. Companies must conduct pediatric clinical trials in accordance with the PIP approved by the EMA, unless a deferral (e.g., until enough information to demonstrate its effectiveness and safety in adults is available) or waiver (e.g., because the relevant disease or condition occurs only in adults) has been granted by the EMA. The marketing authorization application for the product must include the results of all pediatric clinical trials performed and details of all information collected in compliance with the approved PIP, unless a waiver or a deferral has been granted, in which case the pediatric clinical trials may be completed at a later date. Medical products that are granted a marketing authorization on the basis of the pediatric clinical trials conducted in accordance with the approved PIP are eligible for a six month extension of the protection under a supplementary protection certificate (if any is in effect at the time of approval) or, in the case of orphan medicinal products, a two year extension of the orphan market exclusivity. This pediatric reward is subject to specific conditions and is not automatically available when data in compliance with the approved PIP are developed and submitted. An approved PIP is also required when a marketing-authorization holder wants to add a new indication, pharmaceutical form or route of administration for a medicine that is already authorized and covered by intellectual property rights.

In the UK, the MHRA has published guidance on the procedures for UK Paediatric Investigation Plans (“PIPs”) which, where possible, mirror the submission format and requirements of the EU system. EU PIPs remain applicable for Northern Ireland and EU PIPs agreed by the EMA prior to January 1, 2021 have been adopted as UK PIPs.

PRIME Designation

In March 2016, the EMA launched an initiative to facilitate development of product candidates in indications, often rare, for which few or no therapies currently exist. The Priority Medicines (“PRIME”) scheme is intended to encourage drug development in areas of unmet medical need and provides accelerated assessment of products representing substantial innovation reviewed under the centralized procedure. Products from small-and medium-sized enterprises may qualify for earlier entry into the PRIME scheme than larger companies on the basis of compelling non-clinical data and tolerability data from initial clinical trials. Many benefits accrue to sponsors of product candidates with PRIME designation, including but not limited to, early and proactive regulatory dialogue with the EMA, frequent discussions on clinical trial designs and other development program elements, and potentially accelerated MAA assessment once a dossier has been submitted. Importantly, once a candidate medicine has been selected for the PRIME scheme, a dedicated contact point and rapporteur from the CHMP or from CAT are appointed facilitating increased understanding of the product at EMA’s Committee level. A kick-off meeting with the CHMP/CAT rapporteur initiates these relationships and includes a team of multidisciplinary experts to provide guidance on the overall development plan and regulatory strategy. PRIME eligibility does not change the standards for product approval, and there is no assurance that any such designation or eligibility will result in expedited review or approval.

Post-Approval Regulation

Similar to the United States, both MA holders and manufacturers of medicinal products are subject to comprehensive regulatory oversight by the EMA, the EC and/or the competent regulatory authorities of the EU Member States. This oversight applies both before and after grant of manufacturing licenses and marketing authorizations. It includes control of compliance with EU good manufacturing practices rules, manufacturing authorizations, pharmacovigilance rules and requirements governing advertising, promotion, sale, and distribution, recordkeeping, importing and exporting of medicinal products.

Failure by us or by any of our third-party partners, including suppliers, manufacturers and distributors to comply with EU laws and the related national laws of the individual EU Member States governing the conduct of clinical trials, manufacturing approval, MA of pharmaceutical products and marketing of such products, both before and after grant of MA, manufacturing of pharmaceutical products, statutory health insurance, bribery and anti-corruption or with other applicable regulatory requirements may result in administrative, civil or criminal penalties. These penalties could include delays or refusal to authorize the conduct of clinical trials or to grant MA, product withdrawals and recalls, product seizures, suspension, withdrawal or variation of the MA, total or partial suspension of production, distribution, manufacturing or clinical trials, operating restrictions, injunctions, suspension of licenses, fines and criminal penalties.

34

The holder of a MA for a medicinal product must also comply with EU pharmacovigilance legislation and its related regulations and guidelines, which entail many requirements for conducting pharmacovigilance, or the assessment and monitoring of the safety of medicinal products.

These pharmacovigilance rules can impose on holders of MAs the obligation to conduct a labor intensive collection of data regarding the risks and benefits of marketed medicinal products and to engage in ongoing assessments of those risks and benefits, including the possible requirement to conduct additional clinical studies or post-authorization safety studies to obtain further information on a medicine’s safety, or to measure the effectiveness of risk-management measures, which may be time consuming and expensive and could impact our profitability. MA holders must establish and maintain a pharmacovigilance system and appoint an individual qualified person for pharmacovigilance, who is responsible for oversight of that system. Key obligations include expedited reporting of suspected serious adverse reactions and submission of PSURs in relation to medicinal products for which they hold MAs. The EMA reviews PSURs for medicinal products authorized through the centralized procedure. If the EMA has concerns that the risk-benefit profile of a product has varied, it can adopt an opinion advising that the existing MA for the product be suspended, withdrawn or varied. The agency can advise that the MA holder be obliged to conduct post-authorization Phase IV safety studies. If the EC agrees with the opinion, it can adopt a decision varying the existing MA. Failure by the MA holder to fulfill the obligations for which the EC’s decision provides can undermine the ongoing validity of the MA.

More generally, non-compliance with pharmacovigilance obligations can lead to the variation, suspension or withdrawal of the MA for the product or imposition of financial penalties or other enforcement measures.

The manufacturing process for pharmaceutical products in the European Union is highly regulated and regulators may shut down manufacturing facilities that they believe do not comply with regulations. Manufacturing requires a manufacturing authorization, and the manufacturing authorization holder must comply with various requirements set out in the applicable EU laws, regulations and guidance, including Directive 2001/83/EC, Directive 2003/94/EC (repealed by Directive 2017/1572 on January 31, 2022), Regulation (EC) No 726/2004 and the European Commission Guidelines for Good Manufacturing Practice (“GMP”). These requirements include compliance with EU GMP standards when manufacturing pharmaceutical products and active pharmaceutical ingredients, including the manufacture of active pharmaceutical ingredients outside of the European Union with the intention to import the active pharmaceutical ingredients into the European Union. Amendments or replacements of at least Directive 2001/83/EC and Regulation (EC) No 726/2004 are part of the reform proposal for European pharmaceutical legislation.

Similarly, the distribution of pharmaceutical products into and within the European Union is subject to compliance with the applicable EU laws, regulations and guidelines, including the requirement to hold appropriate authorizations for distribution granted by the competent authorities of the EU Member States. The manufacturer or importer must have a qualified person who is responsible for certifying that each batch of product has been manufactured in accordance with GMP, before releasing the product for commercial distribution in the European Union or for use in a clinical trial. Manufacturing facilities are subject to periodic inspections by the competent authorities for compliance with GMP.

Advertising and Promotion

The advertising and promotion of our products is also subject to EU laws concerning promotion of medicinal products, interactions with physicians, misleading and comparative advertising and unfair commercial practices. In addition, other national legislation of individual EU Member States may apply to the advertising and promotion of medicinal products and may differ from one country to another. These laws require that promotional materials and advertising in relation to medicinal products comply with the product’s SmPC as approved by the competent regulatory authorities. The SmPC is the document that provides information to physicians concerning the safe and effective use of the medicinal product. It forms an intrinsic and integral part of the marketing authorization granted for the medicinal product. Promotion of a medicinal product that does not comply with the SmPC is considered to constitute off-label promotion. All advertising and promotional activities for the product must be consistent with the approved SmPC and therefore all off-label promotion is prohibited. Direct-to-consumer advertising of prescription-only medicines is also prohibited in the EU. Violations of the rules governing the promotion of medicinal products in the European Union could be penalized by administrative measures, fines and imprisonment. These laws may further limit or restrict the advertising and promotion of our products to the general public and may also impose limitations on its promotional activities with healthcare professionals.

35

Pricing and Reimbursement Environment

Even if a pharmaceutical product obtains a marketing authorization in the European Union, there can be no assurance that reimbursement for such product will be secured on a timely basis or at all. The EU Member States are free to restrict the range of pharmaceutical products for which their national health insurance systems provide reimbursement, and to control the prices and reimbursement levels of pharmaceutical products for human use. An EU Member State may approve a specific price or level of reimbursement for the pharmaceutical product, or alternatively adopt a system of direct or indirect controls on the profitability of the company responsible for placing the pharmaceutical product on the market, including volume-based arrangements, caps and reference pricing mechanisms.

Reference pricing used by various EU Member States and parallel distribution, or arbitrage between low-priced and high-priced member states, can further reduce prices. In some countries, we may be required to conduct a clinical study or other studies that compare the cost-effectiveness of our product candidates, if any, to other available therapies in order to obtain or maintain reimbursement or pricing approval. There can be no assurance that any country that has price controls or reimbursement limitations for pharmaceutical products will allow favorable reimbursement and pricing arrangements for any of our products. Historically, pharmaceutical products launched in the European Union do not follow price structures of the United States and generally published and actual prices tend to be significantly lower. Publication of discounts by third-party payers or authorities and public tenders may lead to further pressure on the prices or reimbursement levels within the country of publication and other countries.

The so-called health technology assessment (“HTA”), of pharmaceutical products is becoming an increasingly common part of the pricing and reimbursement procedures in some EU Member States, including France, Germany, Ireland, Italy and Sweden. The HTA process, which is governed by the national laws of these countries, is the procedure according to which the assessment of the public health impact, therapeutic impact, and the economic and societal impact of use of a given pharmaceutical product in the national healthcare systems of the individual country is conducted. HTA generally focuses on the clinical efficacy and effectiveness, safety, cost, and cost-effectiveness of individual pharmaceutical products as well as their potential implications for the healthcare system. Those elements of pharmaceutical products are compared with other treatment options available on the market. The outcome of HTA regarding specific pharmaceutical products will often influence the pricing and reimbursement status granted to pharmaceutical products by the regulatory authorities of individual EU Member States. A negative HTA of one of our products by a leading and recognized HTA body could not only undermine our ability to obtain reimbursement for such product in the EU Member State in which such negative assessment was issued, but also in other EU Member States. For example, EU Member States that have not yet developed HTA mechanisms could rely to some extent on the HTA performed in other countries with a developed HTA framework, when adopting decisions concerning the pricing and reimbursement of a specific pharmaceutical product.

On January 31, 2018, the European Commission adopted a proposal for a regulation on health technology assessment. This legislative proposal is intended to boost EU level cooperation among EU Member States in assessing health technologies, including new pharmaceutical products, and providing the basis for cooperation at the EU level for joint clinical assessments in these areas. The proposal provides that EU Member States will be able to use common HTA tools, methodologies and procedures across the European Union, working together in four main areas, including joint clinical assessment of the innovative health technologies with the most potential impact for patients, joint scientific consultations whereby developers can seek advice from HTA authorities, identification of emerging health technologies to identify promising technologies early, and continuing voluntary cooperation in other areas. Individual EU Member States will continue to be responsible for assessing non-clinical (e.g., economic, social, ethical) aspects of health technology, and making decisions on pricing and reimbursement. While EU Member States could choose to delay participation in the joint work until three years after the rules enter into force, it will become mandatory after six years. The European Commission has stated that the role of the HTA regulation is not to influence pricing and reimbursement decisions in the individual EU Member States, but there can be no assurance that the HTA regulation will not have effects on pricing and reimbursement decisions.

The HTA entered into force on January 11, 2022 and applies as of January 2025 followed by a further three-year transitional period during which EU member states must fully adapt to the new system.

To obtain reimbursement or pricing approval in some countries, including the EU Member States, we may be required to conduct studies that compare the cost-effectiveness of our product candidates to other therapies that are considered the local standard of care. There can be no assurance that any country will allow favorable pricing, reimbursement and market access conditions for any of our products, or that we will be feasible to conduct additional cost-effectiveness studies, if required.

36

In certain of the EU Member States, pharmaceutical products that are designated as orphan pharmaceutical products may be exempted or waived from having to provide certain clinical, cost-effectiveness and other economic data in connection with their filings for pricing/reimbursement approval.

European Data Privacy and Security Laws

The collection and use of personal health data and other personal data in the European Union is governed by the provisions of the European General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (“GDPR”), which came into force in May 2018 and related data protection laws in individual EU Member States.

The GDPR imposes a number of strict obligations and restrictions on the ability to process, including collecting, analyzing and transferring, personal data of individuals, in particular with respect to health data from clinical trials and adverse event reporting. The GDPR includes requirements relating to the legal basis of the processing (such as obtaining consent of the individuals to whom the personal data relates), the information provided to the individuals prior to processing their personal data, the personal data breaches which may have to be notified to the national data protection authorities and data subjects, the measures to be taken when engaging processors, and the security and confidentiality of the personal data. EU Member States may also impose additional requirements in relation to health, genetic and biometric data through their national legislation.

In addition, the GDPR imposes specific restrictions on the transfer of personal data to countries outside of the EEA that are not considered by the European Commission to provide an adequate level of data protection. Appropriate safeguards are required to enable such transfers. Among the appropriate safeguards that can be used, the data exporter may use the standard contractual clauses (“SCCs”) adopted by the European Commission. When relying on SCCs, data exporters are also required to conduct a transfer risk assessment to verify if anything in the law and/or practices of the third country to which the data is being transferred may impinge on the effectiveness of the SCCs in the context of the transfer at stake and, if so, to identify and adopt supplementary measures that are necessary to bring the level of protection of the transferred data to the EU standard of ‘essential equivalence’. Where no supplementary measure is suitable, the data exporter should avoid, suspend or terminate the transfer. With regard to the transfer of data from the EEA, UK and Switzerland to the United States, the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (DPF), UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and Swiss-U.S. DPF were developed by the U.S. Department of Commerce and the European Commission, UK Government, and Swiss Federal Administration respectively, to provide U.S. organizations with reliable mechanisms for the transfer of personal data from the EU, United Kingdom (UK), and Switzerland to the U.S., while ensuring data protection that is consistent with EU, UK, and Swiss law. With regard to the transfer of data from the EU to the United Kingdom (UK), personal data may freely flow from the EEA to the UK since the UK is deemed to have an adequate data protection level. However, the adequacy decisions include a ‘sunset clause’ which entails that the decisions will automatically expire four years after their entry into force, unless renewed.

Failure to comply with the requirements of the GDPR and the related national data protection laws of the EU Member States may result in significant monetary fines for noncompliance of up to €20 million or 4% of the annual global revenues of the noncompliant company, whichever is greater, other administrative penalties and a number of criminal offenses for organizations and in certain cases their directors and officers as well as civil liability claims from individuals whose personal data was processed. Data protection authorities from the different EU Member States may still implement certain variations, enforce the GDPR and national data protection laws differently, and introduce additional national regulations and guidelines, which adds to the complexity of processing personal data in the EU.

Furthermore, there are specific requirements relating to processing health data from clinical trials, including public disclosure obligations provided in the new EU CTR, EMA disclosure initiatives and voluntary commitments by industry. Failure to comply with these obligations could lead to government enforcement actions and significant penalties against us, harm to our reputation, and adversely impact our business and operating results.

Additionally, following the UK’s withdrawal from the EU and the EEA, companies also have to comply with the UK’s data protection laws (including the UK GDPR (as defined in section 3(10) (as supplemented by section 205(4)) of the Data Protection Act 2018 (the DPA 2018)), the DPA 2018, and related data protection laws in the UK). Separate from the fines that can be imposed by the GDPR, the UK regime has the ability to fine up to the greater of £17.5 million or 4% of global turnover. Companies are subject to specific transfer rules under the UK regime which broadly mirror the GDPR rules. On February 2, 2022, the UK Secretary of State laid before the UK Parliament the international data transfer agreement (IDTA) and the international data transfer addendum to the EC’s standard contractual clauses for international data transfers (Addendum) and a document setting out transitional provisions. The IDTA and Addendum came into force on March 21, 2022 and replaced the old SCCs for the purposes of the UK regime. Regarding transfers from the UK to the EEA, personal data may flow freely since the EEA is deemed to have an adequate data protection level for purposes of the UK regime.

37

With regard to the transfer of data from the UK to the U.S., the UK government has adopted an adequacy decision for the US, the UK-US Data Bridge, which came into force on October 12, 2023. The UK-US Data Bridge recognizes the U.S. as offering an adequate level of data protection where the transfer is to a U.S. company participating in the EU-US Data Privacy Framework and its UK Extension.

Promotional Activities

In the European Union, interactions between pharmaceutical companies and physicians are also governed by strict laws, regulations, industry self-regulation codes of conduct and physicians’ codes of professional conduct both at EU level and in the individual EU Member States (at a national or regional level). The provision of benefits or advantages to physicians to induce or encourage the prescription, recommendation, endorsement, purchase, supply, order or use of pharmaceutical products is prohibited in the EU. The provision of benefits or advantages to physicians is also governed by the national anti-bribery laws of the EU Member States. Violation of these laws could result in substantial fines and imprisonment.

Payments made to physicians in certain EU Member States must be publicly disclosed. Moreover, agreements with physicians must often be the subject of prior notification and approval by the physician’s employer, his/her regulatory professional organization, and/or the competent authorities of the individual EU Member States. These requirements are provided in the national laws, industry codes, or professional codes of conduct, applicable in the individual EU Member States (at a national or regional level). Failure to comply with these requirements could result in reputational risk, public reprimands, exclusion from public tenders, administrative penalties, fines or imprisonment.

In the UK, the pharmaceutical sector is recognized as being particularly vulnerable to corrupt practices, some of which fall within the scope of the Bribery Act 2010. Due to the Bribery Act 2010’s far-reaching territorial application, the potential penalized act does not have to occur in the UK to become within its scope. If the act or omission does not take place in the UK, but the person’s act or omission would constitute an offense if carried out there and the person has a close connection with the UK, an offense will still have been committed.

The Bribery Act 2010 is comprised of four offenses that cover (i) individuals, companies and partnerships that give, promise or offer bribes, (ii) individuals, companies and partnerships that request, agree to receive or accept bribes, (iii) individuals, companies and partnerships that bribe foreign public officials and (iv) companies and partnerships that fail to prevent persons acting on their behalf from paying bribes. The penalties imposed under the Bribery Act 2010 depend on the offence committed, harm and culpability and penalties range from unlimited fines to imprisonment for a maximum term of ten years and in some cases both.

Other Legislation Regarding Marketing, Authorization and Pricing of Pharmaceutical Products in the European Union

 Other core legislation relating to the marketing, authorization and pricing of pharmaceutical products in the European Union includes the following:

•
Directive 2001/83/EC, establishing the requirements and procedures governing the marketing authorization for medicinal products for human use, as well as the rules for the constant supervision of products following authorization. This Directive has been amended several times, most recently by Directive 2012/26/EU regarding pharmacovigilance, and the Falsified Medicines Directive 2011/62/EU.

•
Regulation (EC) 726/2004, as amended, establishing procedures for the authorization, supervision and pharmacovigilance of medicinal products for human and veterinary use and establishing the EMA.

•
Regulation (EC) 469/2009, establishing the requirements necessary to obtain a Supplementary Protection Certificate, which extends the period of patent protection applicable to medicinal products at the EU-level.

•
Directive 89/105/EEC, ensuring the transparency of measures taken by the European Union member states to set the prices and reimbursements of medicinal products. Specifically, while each member state has competence over the pricing and reimbursement of medicines for human use, they must also comply with this Directive, which establishes procedures to ensure that member state decisions and policies do not obstruct trade in medicinal products. The European Commission proposed to repeal and replace Directive 89/105/EEC, but this proposal was withdrawn in 2015.

38

•
Directive 2003/94/EC, laying down the principles of good manufacturing practice in respect of medicinal products and investigational medicinal products for human use (the GMP Directive); repealed by Directive 2017/1572 on January 31, 2022; this directive also lays out standards and principles for manufacturing practices of medicinal products for human use and investigational medicinal products for human use.

•
Directive 2005/28/EC of April 8 2005, laying down principles and detailed guidelines for good clinical practice as regards investigational medicinal products for human use, as well as the requirements for authorization of the manufacturing or importation of such products (the GCP Directive).

Pharmaceutical Coverage, Pricing and Reimbursement

In the United States and markets in other countries, patients generally rely on third-party payors to reimburse all or part of the costs associated with their treatment. Adequate coverage and reimbursement from governmental healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, and commercial payors is critical to new product acceptance. Our ability to successfully commercialize our product candidates will depend in part on the extent to which coverage and adequate reimbursement for these products and related treatments will be available from government health administration authorities, private health insurers and other organizations. Even if coverage is provided, the approved reimbursement amount may not be high enough to allow it to establish or maintain pricing sufficient to realize a sufficient return on its investment. Government authorities and third-party payors, such as private health insurers and health maintenance organizations, decide which medications they will pay for and establish reimbursement levels.

Significant uncertainty exists as to the coverage and reimbursement status of any pharmaceutical or biological product for which we obtain regulatory approval. Sales of any product, if approved, depend, in part, on the extent to which such product will be covered by third-party payors, such as federal, state, and foreign government healthcare programs, commercial insurance and managed healthcare organizations, and the level of reimbursement, if any, for such product by third-party payors. Decisions regarding whether to cover any of our product candidates, if approved, the extent of coverage and amount of reimbursement to be provided are made on a plan-by-plan basis. Further, no uniform policy for coverage and reimbursement exists in the United States, and coverage and reimbursement can differ significantly from payor to payor. Third-party payors often rely upon Medicare coverage policy and payment limitations in setting their own reimbursement rates, but also have their own methods and approval process apart from Medicare determinations. As a result, the coverage determination process is often a time-consuming and costly process that will require us to provide scientific and clinical support for the use of our product candidates to each payor separately, with no assurance that coverage and adequate reimbursement will be applied consistently or obtained in the first instance. Factors payors consider in determining reimbursement are based on whether the product is:

•
a covered benefit under its health plan;

•
safe, effective and medically necessary;

•
cost-effective; and

•
neither experimental nor investigational.

Third-party payors are increasingly challenging the prices charged for medical products and services, examining the medical necessity and reviewing the cost effectiveness of pharmaceutical or biological products, medical devices and medical services, in addition to questioning safety and efficacy. Adoption of price controls and cost-containment measures, and adoption of more restrictive policies in jurisdictions with existing controls and measures, could further limit sales of any product that receives approval. Decreases in third-party reimbursement for any product or a decision by a third-party not to cover a product could reduce physician usage and patient demand for the product.

For products administered under the supervision of a physician, obtaining coverage and adequate reimbursement may be particularly difficult because of the higher prices often associated with such drugs. Additionally, separate reimbursement for the product itself or the treatment or procedure in which the product is used may not be available, which may impact physician utilization. In addition, companion diagnostic tests require coverage and reimbursement separate and apart from the coverage and reimbursement for their companion pharmaceutical or biological products. Similar challenges to obtaining coverage and reimbursement, applicable to pharmaceutical or biological products, will apply to companion diagnostics.

39

In addition, the U.S. government, state legislatures and foreign governments have continued implementing cost-containment programs, including price controls, restrictions on coverage and reimbursement and requirements for substitution of generic products. The Inflation Reduction Act (“IRA”) provides the Centers for Medicaid & Medicare Services (“CMS”) with significant new authorities intended to curb drug costs and to encourage market competition. For the first time, CMS will be able to directly negotiate prescription drug prices and to cap out-of-pocket costs. Each year, CMS will select and negotiate a preset number of high-spend drugs and biologics that are covered under Medicare Part B and Part D that do not have generic or biosimilar competition. On August 29, 2023, HHS announced the list of the first ten drugs subject to price negotiations. These price negotiations occurred in 2024. In January 2025, CMS announced a list of 15 additional Medicare Part D drugs that will be subject to price negotiations. The IRA also provides a new “inflation rebate” covering Medicare patients that took effect in 2023 and is intended to counter certain price increases in prescriptions drugs. The inflation rebate provision requires drug manufacturers to pay a rebate to the federal government if the price for a drug or biologic under Medicare Part B and Part D increases faster than the rate of inflation. To support biosimilar competition, beginning in October 2022, qualifying biosimilars may receive a Medicare Part B payment increase for a period of five years. Separately, if a biologic drug for which no biosimilar exists delays a biosimilar’s market entry beyond two years, CMS will be authorized to subject the biologics manufacturer to price negotiations intended to ensure fair competition. Notwithstanding these provisions, the IRA’s impact on commercialization and competition remains largely uncertain.

In addition, net prices for drugs may be reduced by mandatory discounts or rebates required by government healthcare programs or private payors and by any future relaxation of laws that presently restrict imports of drugs from countries where they may be sold at lower prices than in the U.S. Increasingly, third-party payors are requiring that drug companies provide them with predetermined discounts from list prices and are challenging the prices charged for medical products. We cannot be sure that reimbursement will be available for any product candidate that we may commercialize and, if reimbursement is available, the level of reimbursement. In addition, many pharmaceutical manufacturers must calculate and report certain price reporting metrics to the government, such as average sales price and best price. Penalties may apply in some cases when such metrics are not submitted accurately and timely. Further, these prices for drugs may be reduced by mandatory discounts or rebates required by government healthcare programs.

Finally, in some foreign countries, the proposed pricing for a drug must be approved before it may be lawfully marketed. The requirements governing drug pricing vary widely from country to country. For example, the European Union provides options for its member states to restrict the range of medicinal products for which their national health insurance systems provide reimbursement and to control the prices of medicinal products for human use. To obtain reimbursement or pricing approval, some of these countries may require the completion of clinical trials that compare the cost effectiveness of a particular product candidate to currently available therapies. A member state may approve a specific price for the medicinal product or it may instead adopt a system of direct or indirect controls on the profitability of the company placing the medicinal product on the market. There can be no assurance that any country that has price controls or reimbursement limitations for pharmaceutical products will allow favorable reimbursement and pricing arrangements for any of our product candidates. Historically, products launched in the European Union do not follow price structures of the U.S. and generally prices tend to be significantly lower.

Healthcare Laws and Regulations

Healthcare providers, physicians and third-party payors will play a primary role in the recommendation and prescription of drug products that are granted marketing approval. Arrangements with healthcare providers, physicians, third-party payors and customers are subject to broadly applicable fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations that may constrain the business or financial arrangements and relationships through which we market, sell and distribute products for which we obtain marketing approval. Restrictions under applicable federal and state healthcare laws and regulations, include the following:

40

•
the federal healthcare Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits, among other things, persons and entities from knowingly and willfully soliciting, receiving, offering or paying remuneration, to induce, or in return for, either the referral of an individual, or the purchase or recommendation of an item or service for which payment may be made under any federal healthcare program. The term remuneration has been interpreted broadly to include anything of value. The AKS has been interpreted to apply to arrangements between pharmaceutical manufacturers on one hand, and prescribers and purchasers on the other. The government often takes the position that to violate the AKS, only one purpose of the remuneration need be to induce referrals, even if there are other legitimate purposes for the remuneration. There are a number of statutory exceptions and regulatory safe harbors protecting some common activities from AKS prosecution, but they are drawn narrowly and practices that involve remuneration, such as consulting agreements, that may be alleged to be intended to induce prescribing, purchasing or recommending may be subject to scrutiny if they do not qualify for an exception or safe harbor. Our practices may not in all cases meet all of the criteria for protection under a statutory exception or regulatory safe harbor. Failure to meet all of the requirements of a particular applicable statutory exception or regulatory safe harbor does not make the conduct per se illegal under the AKS. Instead, the legality of the arrangement will be evaluated on a case-by-case basis based on a cumulative review of all of its facts and circumstances. A person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation;

•
the federal Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or FCPA, prohibits, among other things, U.S. corporations and persons acting on their behalf from offering, promising, authorizing or making payments to any foreign government official (including certain healthcare professionals in many countries), political party, or political candidate in an attempt to obtain or retain business or otherwise seek preferential treatment abroad;

•
the federal False Claims Act, which may be enforced by the U.S. Department of Justice or private whistleblowers to bring civil actions (qui tam actions) on behalf of the federal government, imposes civil penalties, as well as liability for treble damages and for attorneys’ fees and costs, on individuals or entities for knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, to the federal government, claims for payment that are false or fraudulent, making a false statement material to a false or fraudulent claim, or improperly avoiding, decreasing, or concealing an obligation to pay money to the federal government. In addition, a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the False Claims Act;

•
the Department of Health and Human Services’ Civil Monetary Penalties authorities, which imposes administrative sanctions for, among other things, presenting or causing to be presented false claims for government payment and providing remuneration to government health program beneficiaries to influence them to order or receive healthcare items or services;

•
HIPAA, imposes criminal and civil liability for, among other conduct, executing a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program and making false statements relating to healthcare matters. Similar to the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation;

•
HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act and its implementing regulations, also imposes criminal and civil liability and penalties on those who violate requirements, including mandatory contractual terms, intended to safeguard the privacy, security, transmission and use of individually identifiable health information;

•
the federal false statements statute relating to healthcare matters prohibits falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making any materially false statement in connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits, items or services;

•
the federal Physician Payments Sunshine Act requires certain manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children’s Health Insurance Program, with specific exceptions, to annually report to the CMS information related to payments or other transfers of value to various healthcare professionals including physicians, physician assistants, nurse practitioners, clinical nurse specialists, certified nurse anesthetists, certified nurse-midwives, and teaching hospitals, as well as ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members. Beginning on January 1, 2023, California Assembly Bill 1278 requires California physicians and surgeons to notify patients of the Open Payments database established under the federal Physician Payments Sunshine Act;

•
the FDCA addresses, among other things, the design, production, labeling, promotion, manufacturing, and testing of drugs, biologics and medical devices, and prohibits such acts as the introduction into interstate commerce of adulterated or misbranded drugs or devices. The Public Health Service Act (“PHSA”) also prohibits the introduction into interstate commerce of unlicensed or mislabeled biological products;

41

•
similar state and foreign laws and regulations, such as state anti-kickback and false claims laws, may apply to sales or marketing arrangements and claims involving healthcare items or services reimbursed by nongovernmental third-party payors, including private insurers; and

•
certain state laws require pharmaceutical companies to comply with voluntary compliance guidelines promulgated by a pharmaceutical industry association and relevant compliance guidance issues by HHS Office of Inspector General; bar drug manufacturers from offering or providing certain types of payments or gifts to physicians and other health care providers; and/or require disclosure of gifts or payments to physicians and other healthcare providers.

Various state and foreign laws also govern the privacy and security of health information in some circumstances; many of these laws differ from each other in significant ways and often are not preempted by HIPAA, thus complicating compliance efforts. Violation of any of these laws or any other current or future governmental laws and regulations that may apply to drug manufacturers include significant civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, individual imprisonment, exclusion from government funded healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings, additional reporting obligations and oversight if the manufacturer becomes subject to a corporate integrity agreement or other agreement to resolve allegations of non-compliance with these laws, and the curtailment or restructuring of its operations, any of which could substantially disrupt its operations. If any of the physicians or other healthcare providers or entities with whom we do business is found to be not in compliance with applicable laws, they may be subject to significant criminal, civil or administrative sanctions, including exclusions from government funded healthcare programs.

Regulations in the UK and Other Markets

The UK formally left the EU on January 31, 2020 and EU laws now only apply to the UK in respect of Northern Ireland as laid out in the Protocol on Ireland and Northern Ireland and as amended by the Windsor Framework sets out a long-term set of arrangements for the supply of medicines into Northern Ireland. The EU and the UK agreed on a trade and cooperation agreement, which includes provisions affecting the life sciences sector (including on customs and tariffs). There are some specific provisions concerning pharmaceuticals, including the mutual recognition of GMP, inspections of manufacturing facilities for medicinal products and GMP issued documents. The TCA does not, however, contain wholesale mutual recognition of UK and EU pharmaceutical regulations and product standards.

The UK government has adopted the Medicines and Medical Devices Act 2021 (the “MMDA”) to enable the UK’s regulatory frameworks to be updated following the UK’s departure from the EU. The MMDA introduces regulation-making, delegated powers covering the fields of human medicines, clinical trials of human medicines, veterinary medicines and medical devices. The MHRA has since been consulting on future regulations for medicines and medical devices in the UK.

The MMDA supplements the UK Medical Devices Regulations 2002 (the “Regulations”), which are based on the EU Medical Devices Directive as amended to reflect the United Kingdom’s post-Brexit regulatory regime. Notably, the Regulations do not include any of the revisions that have been made by the EU Medical Devices Regulation (EU) 2017/745, which has gained full application in all EU Member States since May 26, 2021 but is not applicable in the UK as “retained law”. Additionally, the MHRA launched a comprehensive consultation in 2021 with proposals to amend the regulatory framework for medical devices in the United Kingdom. The stated objectives of the proposals include expansion of the scope of the Regulations (for example, by expanding the in vitro diagnostic medical device definition to include software and other products, including products without an intended medical purpose but with similar functioning and risk profiles) and potentially through use of internationally recognized definitions (for example, by excluding products that contain viable biological substances and excluding food), remove trade barriers, further the availability of medical devices and improve the favorability of the UK market. The consultation period closed on November 25, 2021 and on June 26, 2022, the MHRA published a response to its consultation, which sets out the proposed new UK regulatory framework for medical devices and in vitro diagnostic medical devices. The proposals are intended to improve patient safety and public health through appropriate regulatory oversight, improve the traceability of medical devices, improve the regulation of the rules governing software and AI as medical devices and introduce alternative routes to market to ensure the UK aligns with any superior international best practices. Core aspects of the new framework are expected to apply from July 1, 2025 with appropriate transitional measures and the introduction of secondary legislation.

For other countries outside of the European Union, such as countries in Eastern Europe, Latin America or Asia, the requirements governing the conduct of clinical trials, product licensing, pricing and reimbursement vary from country to country. In all cases, again, the clinical trials must be conducted in accordance with GCP and the applicable regulatory requirements and the ethical principles that have their origin in the Declaration of Helsinki.

42

If we fail to comply with applicable foreign regulatory requirements, we may be subject to, among other things, fines, suspension of clinical trials, suspension or withdrawal of regulatory approvals, product recalls, seizure of products, operating restrictions and criminal prosecution.

Additional Regulation

In addition to the foregoing, local, state, and federal laws regarding such matters as safe working conditions, manufacturing practices, environmental protection, fire hazard control and hazardous substances, including the Occupational Safety and Health Act, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, and the Toxic Substances Control Act, affect our business. These and other laws govern our use, handling, and disposal of various biological, chemical, and radioactive substances used in, and wastes generated by, our operations. If our operations result in contamination of the environment or expose individuals to hazardous or biohazardous substances, we could be liable for damages, environmental remediation, and/or governmental fines. We believe that we are in material compliance with applicable environmental laws and occupational health and safety laws that continued compliance therewith will not have a material adverse effect on our business. We cannot predict, however, how changes in these laws may affect our future operations. We may incur significant costs to comply with such laws and regulations now or in the future.

Human Capital

As of December 31, 2024, we had 205 employees. To allow us flexibility in meeting varying workflow demands, we also engage consultants and temporary workers when needed.

We believe that our future success largely depends upon our continued ability to attract and retain a diverse group of highly skilled employees. We offer comprehensive compensation packages, including competitive base pay, incentive compensation and equity programs, and provide a broad range of benefits, including 401(k) plan with employer match, healthcare and insurance benefits, paid time off, paid family and medical leave, flexible work schedules, and various health and wellness programs. We also provide development programs that enable continued learning and growth.

Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics ensures that our core values of respect, integrity, collaboration, innovation, trust, and excellence are applied throughout our operations. Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics serves as a tool to help all of us recognize and report unethical conduct, while preserving our culture of honesty and accountability.

None of our employees are represented by a labor union or covered under a collective bargaining agreement. We consider our employee relations to be good
.

Corporate Information

We were incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware in March 2014 under the name Unum Therapeutics Inc. On April 3, 2018, we completed our initial public offering of our common stock under the ticker “UMRX.” On October 2, 2020, we filed an amendment to our certificate of incorporation to change our name to Cogent Biosciences, Inc. The name change became effective on October 6, 2020. In connection with the name change, our common stock began trading under the ticker symbol “COGT.”

As of December 31, 2024, we had 135,552,039 shares outstanding on an as-converted basis, which consists of (i) 110,461,729 shares of common stock outstanding, (ii) pre-funded warrants that are exercisable for 606,060 shares of common stock, (iii) 70,465 shares of Series A Preferred Stock that are convertible into 17,616,250 shares of common stock and (iv) 6,868 shares of Series B Preferred Stock that are convertible into 6,868,000 shares of common stock.

43

Available Information

Our Internet address is www.cogentbio.com. Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, including exhibits, proxy and information statements and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a), 14, and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, are available through the “Investors” portion of our website free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. Information on our website is not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or any of our other securities filings unless specifically incorporated herein by reference. In addition, our filings with the SEC may be accessed through the SEC’s Interactive Data Electronic Applications system at 
http://www.sec.gov
. All statements made in any of our securities filings, including all forward-looking statements or information, are made as of the date of the document in which the statement is included, and we do not assume or undertake any obligation to update any of those statements or documents unless we are required to do so by law.

44

ITEM 1A.	RIS
K FACTORS

The following risk factors and other information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K should be carefully considered. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we presently deem less significant may also impair our business operations. You should carefully consider the risks described below, as well as the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our financial statements and the related notes and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” as well as our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, before deciding whether to invest in our common stock. If any of the following risks occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations and future growth prospects could be materially and adversely affected. Moreover, some of the factors, events and contingencies discussed below may have occurred in the past, but the disclosures below are not representations as to whether or not the factors, events or contingencies have occurred in the past and instead reflect our beliefs and opinions as to the factors, events, or contingencies that could materially and adversely affect us in the future.

Risks Related to the Discovery and Development of Our Drug Candidates

Our business is highly dependent on the success of our bezuclastinib program and our ability to discover and develop additional product candidates. We may not be successful in our efforts to develop bezuclastinib or expand our pipeline of drug candidates.

Our business and future success depend on our ability to develop, obtain regulatory approval for and then successfully commercialize bezuclastinib and any other product candidates that we may discover and develop. We are pursuing clinical development of bezuclastinib to target SM and GIST through our APEX, SUMMIT and PEAK clinical trials. There is no guarantee that any or all of these trials will be successful. Even if our trials are successful, bezuclastinib will require regulatory review and approval, substantial investment, access to sufficient commercial manufacturing capacity and significant marketing efforts before we are able to generate any revenue from product sales, if ever.

Through the development of the research team, we are also working to build a pipeline of other product candidates. Researching, developing, obtaining regulatory approval for and commercializing additional product candidates will require substantial additional funding and is prone to the risks of failure inherent in medical product development. Even if we are successful in continuing to build and expand our pipeline, we cannot provide you any assurance that we will be able to successfully advance any of these additional product candidates through the development process, or that any such product candidates will be successfully commercialized, widely accepted in the marketplace or more effective than other commercially available alternatives.

45

If unacceptable side effects are identified during the development of our drug candidates, we may need to abandon or limit such development.

If our drug candidates are associated with unacceptable side effects in preclinical or clinical trials or have characteristics that are unexpected, we may need to abandon their development, limit development to more narrow uses or subpopulations in which the unacceptable side effects or other characteristics are less prevalent, less severe, or more acceptable from a risk-benefit perspective or highlight these risks, side effects, or other characteristics in the approved product label. In pharmaceutical development, many drugs that initially show promise in early-stage testing may later be found to cause side effects that prevent further development of the drug. Currently marketed therapies for the treatment of AdvSM and cancer are generally limited to some extent by their toxicity. In addition, some of our drug candidates would be chronic therapies, for which safety concerns may be particularly important. Use of our drug candidates as monotherapies may also result in adverse events consistent in nature with other marketed therapies. In addition, when used in combination with other therapies, our drug candidates could exacerbate adverse events associated with the other therapy. If unexpected side effects are identified during development, we may be required to develop a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy (“REMS”) to mitigate those serious safety risks, which could impose significant distribution and/or use restrictions on our products.

We face significant competition from other biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies, and our operating results will suffer if we fail to compete effectively.

The development and commercialization of new pharmaceutical and biotechnology products is highly competitive. We face competition with respect to our current clinical-stage drug candidates and will face competition with respect to any drug candidates that we may seek to develop or commercialize in the future, from major pharmaceutical companies, specialty pharmaceutical companies, and biotechnology companies worldwide. There are a number of large pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies that currently market and sell products or are pursuing the development of products for the treatment of the disease indications for which we are developing our drug candidates. Potential competitors also include academic institutions, government agencies, and other public and private research organizations that conduct research, seek patent protection, and establish collaborative arrangements for research, development, manufacturing, and commercialization.

Any product candidates that we successfully develop and commercialize will compete with currently approved therapies and new therapies that may become available in the future from segments of the pharmaceutical, biotechnology and other related markets that pursue precision medicines. Our commercial opportunity could also be reduced or eliminated if our competitors develop and commercialize additional products that are safer, more effective, have superior dosing regimens, have fewer or less severe side effects, are approved for broader indications or patient populations, are approved for specific sub-populations, are more convenient or are less expensive than bezuclastinib or any other products that we may develop. Our competitors also may obtain FDA or other marketing approval for their products more rapidly than any approval we may obtain for ours, which could result in our competitors establishing a strong market position before we are able to enter the market. In addition, our ability to compete may be affected in many cases by insurers or other third-party payors seeking to encourage the use of generic products.

Many of the companies against which we are competing or against which we may compete in the future have significantly greater financial resources and expertise in research and development, manufacturing, preclinical testing, conducting clinical trials, obtaining marketing approvals, and marketing and selling approved products than we do. Mergers and acquisitions in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries may result in even more resources being concentrated among a smaller number of our competitors. For further information, see “Business-Competition,” which discusses the pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies developing or marketing treatments for cancer and hematologic diseases that are competitive with bezuclastinib and the drug candidates we are developing.

If difficulties arise enrolling patients in our clinical trials, clinical development activities could be delayed or otherwise adversely affected.

We may experience difficulties in patient enrollment in our clinical trials for a variety of reasons. The timely completion of clinical trials in accordance with their protocols depends, among other things, on our ability to enroll a sufficient number of patients who remain in the study until its conclusion. The enrollment of patients depends on many factors, including: the patient eligibility criteria defined in the protocol; the size of the patient population required for analysis of the trial’s primary endpoints; and our ability to recruit clinical trial investigators with the appropriate competencies and experience.

46

In addition, our clinical trials compete with approved products as well as other clinical trials for product candidates that are in the same therapeutic areas as our product candidates, and this competition reduces the number and types of patients available to us because some patients who might have opted to enroll in our trials may instead opt to take an approved product or otherwise enroll in a trial being conducted by one of our competitors. Any delays in patient enrollment may result in increased costs or may affect the timing or outcome of our ongoing and planned clinical trials, our expected timelines for delivering top-line results across all three of our active studies, and any subsequent regulatory approvals or commercialization activities.

The incidence and prevalence for target patient populations of our drug candidates have not been established with precision. If the market opportunities for our drug candidates are smaller than we estimate or if any approval that we obtain is based on a narrower definition of the patient population, our revenue potential and ability to achieve profitability will be adversely affected.

The precise incidence and prevalence for GIST and SM are unknown. Our projections of both the number of people who have these diseases, as well as the subset of people with these diseases who have the potential to benefit from treatment with bezuclastinib, are based on estimates, which are inherently uncertain. The total addressable market opportunity for bezuclastinib, and any other drug candidates we may produce will ultimately depend upon, among other things, the diagnosis criteria included in the final label for our future approved drugs for sale for these indications, acceptance by the medical community and patient access, drug pricing, and reimbursement. The number of patients in our targeted commercial markets and elsewhere may turn out to be lower than expected, patients may not be otherwise amenable to treatment with our drug, or new patients may become increasingly difficult to identify or gain access to, all of which would adversely affect our results of operations and our business.

Clinical trials are expensive, time-consuming, and difficult to design and implement.

Human clinical trials are expensive and difficult to design and implement, in part because they are subject to rigorous regulatory requirements. We are unable to predict when or if any of our drug candidates will prove effective or safe in humans or will obtain marketing approval. Before obtaining marketing approval from regulatory authorities for the sale of any drug candidate, we must complete preclinical development and then conduct extensive clinical trials to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of our drug candidates in humans. A failure of one or more clinical trials can occur at any stage of testing. The outcome of preclinical testing and early clinical trials may not be predictive of the success of later clinical trials, interim or preliminary results of a clinical trial do not necessarily predict final results, and results for one indication may not be predictive of the success in additional indications. In particular, the small number of patients in our early clinical trials may make the results of these trials less predictive of the outcome of later clinical trials. There is typically an extremely high rate of attrition from the failure of product candidates proceeding through clinical trials. A number of companies in the biopharmaceutical industry have suffered significant setbacks in advanced clinical trials due to lack of efficacy, insufficient durability of efficacy, or unacceptable safety issues, notwithstanding promising results in earlier trials. Most product candidates that commence clinical trials are never approved as products.

We may experience numerous unforeseen events during, or as a result of, clinical trials that could delay or prevent our ability to obtain marketing approval or commercialize our drug or drug candidates.

Our product development costs will increase if we experience delays in preclinical studies or clinical trials or in obtaining marketing approvals. We do not know whether any of our planned preclinical studies or clinical trials will begin on a timely basis or at all, will need to be restructured, or will be completed on schedule, or at all. Significant preclinical study or clinical trial delays also could shorten any periods during which we may have the exclusive right to commercialize our drug candidates or allow our competitors to bring products to market before we do and impair our ability to successfully commercialize our drug candidates and may harm our business and results of operations.

47

Since the number of patients that we have dosed to date in our clinical trials is small, the results from such clinical trials may be less reliable than results achieved in larger clinical trials.

A study design that is considered appropriate for regulatory approval includes a sufficiently large sample size with appropriate statistical power, as well as proper control of bias, to allow a meaningful interpretation of the results. The preliminary results of trials with smaller sample sizes can be disproportionately influenced by the impact the treatment had on a few individuals, which limits the ability to generalize the results across a broader community, thus making the study results less reliable than studies with a larger number of patients. As a result, there may be less certainty that such product candidates would achieve a statistically significant effect in any future clinical trials. In our current and any future clinical trials, we may not achieve a statistically significant result or the same level of statistical significance, if any, that we may have seen in prior clinical trials or preclinical studies.

Interim, “top-line” and preliminary data from our clinical trials that we announce or publish from time to time may change as more patient data become available, may be interpreted differently if additional data are disclosed, and are subject to audit and verification procedures that could result in material changes in the final data.

From time to time, we publicly disclose preliminary or “top-line” data from our clinical trials, which is based on a preliminary analysis of then-available data in a summary or “top-line” format, and the results and

related findings may change as more patient data become available, may be interpreted differently if additional data are disclosed at a later time and are subject to audit and verification procedures that could result in material changes in the final data. If additional results from our clinical trials are not viewed favorably, our ability to obtain approval for and commercialize our drug candidates, our business, operating results, prospects, or financial condition may be harmed and our stock price may decrease.

We may choose not to develop a potential product candidate, or we may suspend, deprioritize or terminate one or more discovery programs or preclinical or clinical product candidates or programs.

At any time and for any reason, we may determine that one or more of our discovery programs or preclinical or clinical product candidates or programs does not have sufficient potential to warrant the allocation of resources toward such program or product candidate. Accordingly, we may choose not to develop a potential product candidate or elect to suspend, deprioritize or terminate one or more of our discovery programs or preclinical or clinical product candidates or programs. If we suspend, deprioritize or terminate a program or product candidate in which we have invested significant resources, we will have expended resources on a program or product candidate that will not provide a full return on our investment and may have missed the opportunity to have allocated those resources to potentially more productive uses, including existing or future programs or product candidates.

We may form or seek collaborations or strategic alliances or enter into additional licensing arrangements in the future, but we may not realize any resulting benefits.

We may form or seek strategic alliances, create joint ventures or collaborations, or enter into additional licensing arrangements with third parties that we believe will complement or augment our development and commercialization efforts with respect to our product candidates and any future product candidates that we may develop. In particular, we may seek to enter into collaborations with our bezuclastinib program and other collaborations to progress the clinical development of the bezuclastinib program. Any of these relationships may require us to incur non-recurring and other charges, increase our near and long-term expenditures, issue securities that dilute our existing stockholders or disrupt our management and business.

We may not be successful in our efforts to establish a strategic partnership or other alternative arrangements for our product candidates because they may be deemed to be at too early of a stage of development for collaborative effort and third parties may not view our product candidates as having the requisite potential to demonstrate safety and efficacy and obtain marketing approval. Further, collaborations involving our product candidates are subject to numerous technical, business, and legal risks. Collaborative relationships are generally complex and can give rise to disputes regarding the relative rights, including the ownership of intellectual property and associated rights and obligations, especially when the applicable collaborative provisions have not been fully negotiated and documented. Even if we are successful in entering into a collaboration with respect to the development and/or commercialization of one or more product candidates, there is no guarantee that the collaboration will be successful.

48

We may not be able to file investigational new drug applications (“IND”s) or IND amendments or clinical trial authorization applications (“CTA”s) to commence additional clinical trials on the timelines we expect, and even if we are able to, the FDA or other regulatory authorities may not permit us to proceed.

Our timing of filing INDs or CTAs on our product candidates and initiating additional clinical trials is dependent on further research. We cannot be sure that submission of an IND or CTA will result in the FDA or other regulatory authority allowing further clinical trials to begin, or that, once begun, issues will not arise that suspend or terminate such clinical trials.

Our updated bezuclastinib formulation is unproven and may not work as intended in clinical trials.

In November 2021, we announced an updated formulation of bezuclastinib which is intended to reduce the number of daily tablets required for patients with GIST, thereby potentially improving the overall GIST patient experience. This formulation has now been incorporated into all three of our ongoing clinical trials. The formulation is unproven to date, and there is no guarantee that it will be successful or perform as desired.

The commercial success of any future approved drugs, including bezuclastinib, will depend upon the degree of market acceptance by physicians, patients, third-party payors, and others in the medical community.

If bezuclastinib and any future approved drugs do not achieve an adequate level of acceptance by physicians, patients, third-party payors, and others in the medical community, we may not generate significant product revenues and we may not become profitable. The degree of market acceptance of bezuclastinib and of any current or future drug candidates, if approved for commercial sale, will depend on a number of factors, including the availability, perceived advantages, and relative cost, safety, and efficacy of alternative and competing treatments; and the prevalence and severity of any side effects, adverse reactions, misuse, or any unfavorable publicity in these areas, in particular compared to alternative treatments. Even if a potential drug displays a favorable efficacy and safety profile in preclinical and clinical studies, market acceptance of the drug will not be known until after it is launched.

A variety of risks associated with marketing our product candidates internationally could materially adversely affect our business.

We plan to seek regulatory approval of our product candidates outside of the United States (either ourselves or through a partner) and, accordingly, we expect that we or any future partner will be subject to additional risks and regulatory requirements related to operating in foreign countries if we or they obtain the necessary approvals. Risks associated with any international operations may materially adversely affect our ability to attain or maintain profitable operations.

If product liability lawsuits are brought against us, we may incur substantial liabilities and may be required to limit commercialization of our product candidates.

We face an inherent risk of product liability as a result of the clinical testing of our product candidates and will face an even greater risk if we commercialize any products.

Information obtained from expanded access studies may not reliably predict the efficacy of our future product candidates in company-sponsored clinical trials and may lead to adverse events that could limit approval.

We are initiating expanded access programs in the United States for patients with SM and GIST to receive investigational bezuclastinib after meeting certain eligibility criteria. These programs are uncontrolled, carried out by individual physicians and not typically conducted in strict compliance with GCPs, all of which can lead to a treatment effect that may differ from that in placebo-controlled trials. These programs provide only anecdotal evidence of efficacy and contain no control or comparator group for reference. This patient data is not designed to be aggregated or reported as study results. Moreover, expanded access programs provide supportive safety information for regulatory review, and many of the patients in our programs will have life-threatening illnesses where the risk for serious adverse events is high. If serious adverse events in these programs are determined to be bezuclastinib-related, they could have a negative impact on the safety profile of bezuclastinib, which could cause significant delays or an inability to successfully obtain regulatory approval with labeling that we consider desirable, if at all.

In addition, our supply capabilities may limit the number of patients who are able to enroll in the programs, which could prompt adverse publicity or other disruptions related to current or potential participants in these programs.

49

Risks Related to Our Reliance on Third Parties

We currently rely and for the foreseeable future will continue to rely on third parties to conduct our clinical trials and to assist with various research, discovery, manufacturing and supply activities. If these third parties do not properly and successfully carry out their contractual duties or meet expected deadlines, we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval of or commercialize our product candidates or discover new product candidates on our intended timelines, if at all.

We depend and will depend upon independent investigators and collaborators, such as medical institutions, contract research organizations (“CROs”), contract manufacturing organizations (“CMO”s) and strategic partners to conduct our preclinical studies and clinical trials under agreements with us. We rely heavily on these third parties over the course of our clinical trials, and we control only certain aspects of their activities. As a result, we have less direct control over the conduct, timing and completion of these clinical trials and the management of data developed through clinical trials than would be the case if we were relying entirely upon our own staff. We and these third parties are required to comply with good clinical practices (“GCP”s), which are regulations and guidelines enforced by the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities for product candidates in clinical development. If we or any of these third parties fail to comply with applicable GCP regulations, the clinical data generated in our clinical trials may be deemed unreliable and the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may require us to perform additional clinical trials before approving our marketing applications. In addition, failure or any failure by these third parties to recruit a sufficient number of patients may require us to repeat clinical trials, which would delay the regulatory approval process. Moreover, our business may be implicated if any of these third parties violates federal or state fraud and abuse or false claims laws and regulations or healthcare privacy and security laws. These third parties may also have relationships with other commercial entities, including our competitors, for whom they may also be conducting clinical trials or other drug development activities, which could affect their performance on our behalf.

If any CMO with whom we contract fails to perform its obligations, we may be forced to manufacture the materials ourselves, for which we may not have the capabilities or resources, or enter into an agreement with a different CMO, which we may not be able to do on reasonable terms, if at all. In either scenario, our clinical trials supply could be delayed significantly as we establish alternative supply sources. In some cases, the technical skills required to manufacture our products or product candidates may be unique or proprietary to the original CMO and we may have difficulty, or there may be contractual restrictions prohibiting us from, transferring such skills to a back-up or alternate supplier, or we may be unable to transfer such skills at all. Furthermore, a CMO may possess technology related to the manufacture of our product candidate that such CMO owns independently. This would increase our reliance on such CMO or require us to obtain a license from such CMO in order to have another CMO manufacture our product candidates. In addition, changes in manufacturers often involve changes in manufacturing procedures and processes, which could require that we conduct bridging studies between our prior clinical supply used in our clinical trials and that of any new manufacturer. We may be unsuccessful in demonstrating the comparability of clinical supplies which could require the conduct of additional clinical trials.

We also rely on third-party vendors and collaborators to support our research and discovery efforts and to help expand our drug candidate pipeline, including certain third parties located in China, and we expect to continue to use such third parties. A natural disaster, epidemic or pandemic disease outbreaks, trade war, political unrest or other local events could disrupt the business or operations of these third parties and thus negatively impact our research and discovery capabilities and timelines.

We contract with third parties for the manufacture of our drug candidates for preclinical development and clinical trials. This reliance on third parties increases the risk that we will not have sufficient quantities of our drug candidates or such quantities at an acceptable cost, which could delay, prevent or impair our development or commercialization efforts.

We do not currently own or operate any manufacturing facilities. We rely, and expect to continue to rely, on third parties for the manufacture of our drug candidates for preclinical development and clinical testing, as well as for the commercial manufacture of our current and future drugs. This reliance on third parties increases the risk that we will not have sufficient quantities of our drug candidates or such quantities at an acceptable cost or quality, which could delay, prevent or impair our development or commercialization efforts.

50

We do not have long-term supply agreements with our contract manufacturers, and purchase our required drug supply, including the API and drug product used in our drug candidates, on a purchase order basis with certain contract manufacturers. In addition, we may be unable to establish or maintain any agreements with third-party manufacturers or to do so on acceptable terms. Even if we are able to establish and maintain agreements with third-party manufacturers, reliance on third-party manufacturers entails additional risks. In addition, our drug candidates may compete with other drug candidates for access to manufacturing facilities. As a result, we may not obtain access to these facilities on a priority basis or at all. There are a limited number of manufacturers that operate under cGMP regulations and that might be capable of manufacturing for us.

If any of our product candidates receive regulatory approval and we are not able to negotiate commercial supply terms with any third-party manufacturers, we may be unable to commercialize our products, and our business and financial condition would be materially harmed. If we are forced to accept unfavorable terms for our relationships with any such third-party manufacturer, our business and financial condition would be materially harmed.

Third-party manufacturers may not be able to comply with the FDA’s cGMP regulations or similar regulatory requirements outside of the U.S. Our failure, or the failure of our third-party manufacturers, to comply with applicable regulations could result in sanctions being imposed on us, including clinical holds, fines, injunctions, civil penalties, delays, suspension or withdrawal of approvals, seizures or voluntary recalls of drug candidates or products, operating restrictions, and criminal prosecutions, any of which could significantly and adversely affect supplies of our products. Third-party manufacturers’ failure to achieve and maintain high manufacturing standards, in accordance with applicable regulatory requirements, or the incidence of manufacturing errors, also could result in patient injury or death, product shortages, delays or failures in product testing or delivery, cost overruns, or other problems that could seriously harm our business. Third-party manufacturers often encounter difficulties involving production yields, quality control, and quality assurance, as well as shortages of qualified personnel.

The third parties upon whom we rely for the supply of the API and drug product used in bezuclastinib are our sole source of supply, and the loss of any of these suppliers could significantly harm our business.

The API and drug product used in bezuclastinib are currently supplied to us from single-source suppliers. Our ability to successfully develop our drug candidates and supply our drug candidates for clinical trials, depends in part on our ability to obtain the API and drug product for these drugs in accordance with regulatory requirements and in sufficient quantities and on sufficient timelines for clinical testing. We will need to enter into arrangements to establish redundant or second-source supply of some of the API and drug product. If any of our suppliers ceases its operations for any reason or is unable or unwilling to supply API or drug product in sufficient quantities or on the timelines necessary to meet our needs it could significantly and adversely affect our business, the supply of our current or future drug candidates or any future approved drugs and our financial condition.

For bezuclastinib and any other product candidates, we intend to identify and qualify additional manufacturers to provide such API and drug product prior to submission of a New Drug Application (“NDA”) to the FDA and/or a Marketing Authorization Application (“MAA”) to the EMA. We are not certain, however, that our single-source suppliers will be able to meet our demand for their products, either because of the nature of our agreements with those suppliers, our limited experience with those suppliers or our relative importance as a customer to those suppliers. It may be difficult for us to assess their ability to timely meet our demand in the future based on past performance and they may subordinate our needs in the future to their other customers.

While we seek to maintain adequate inventory of the API and drug product used in our current or future drug candidates and any future approved drugs, any interruption or delay in the supply of components or materials, or our inability to obtain such API and drug product from alternate sources at acceptable prices in a timely manner could impede, delay, limit or prevent our development efforts, which could harm our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects.

51

Risks Related to Regulatory Approval of Our Drug Candidates and Other Legal Compliance Matters

The FDA regulatory approval process is lengthy and time-consuming, and we may experience significant delays in the clinical development and regulatory approval of our product candidates.

We currently have one drug candidate in clinical development for three indications and its risk of failure is high. We are unable to predict when or if any of our drug candidates will prove effective or safe in humans or will obtain marketing approval. Before obtaining marketing approval from regulatory authorities for the sale of any drug candidate, we must complete preclinical development and then conduct extensive clinical trials to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of our drug candidates in humans.

While bezuclastinib is a highly potent and selective KIT D816V inhibitor that is being developed to treat SM and GIST patients, we may find that patients treated with bezuclastinib have or develop mutations that confer resistance to treatment. If patients have or develop resistance to treatment with our drug candidates, we may be unable to successfully complete our clinical trials, and may not be able to obtain regulatory approval of, and commercialize, our drug candidates.

Our product development costs will increase if we experience delays in preclinical studies or clinical trials or in obtaining marketing approvals. We may experience numerous unforeseen events during, or as a result of, clinical trials that could delay or prevent our ability to obtain marketing approval or commercialize our drug candidates. We may utilize companion diagnostics in our planned clinical trials in the future in order to identify appropriate patient populations for our drug candidates. If a satisfactory companion diagnostic is not commercially available, we may be required to create or obtain one that would be subject to regulatory approval requirements. The process of obtaining or creating such diagnostic is time consuming and costly.

Regulatory authorities, including the FDA, may disagree with our regulatory plan and we may fail to obtain regulatory approval of our product candidates.

We are conducting clinical trials with our lead product candidate, bezuclastinib, in patients with GIST, AdvSM and Non-AdvSM. The FDA may not agree with some or all of our regulatory plans for initial registration of bezuclastinib in some or all of these indications and may require additional clinical trials to be conducted prior to approval. Our clinical trial results may also not support approval.

In addition, our product candidates could fail to receive regulatory approval for many reasons, including if we are unable to demonstrate to the satisfaction of the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities that our product candidates are safe and effective for any of their proposed indications, or that our product candidates’ clinical and other benefits outweigh their safety risks. Moreover, our clinical trial results may also not support approval.

Obtaining and maintaining regulatory approval of our product candidates in one jurisdiction does not mean that we will be successful in obtaining regulatory approval of our product candidates in other jurisdictions.

Obtaining and maintaining regulatory approval of our product candidates in one jurisdiction does not guarantee that we will be able to obtain or maintain regulatory approval in any other jurisdiction, while a failure or delay in obtaining regulatory approval in one jurisdiction may have a negative effect on the regulatory approval process in others. We may also submit marketing applications in other countries. Obtaining foreign regulatory approvals and compliance with foreign regulatory requirements could result in significant delays, difficulties and costs for us and could delay or prevent the introduction of our products in certain countries. If we fail to comply with the regulatory requirements in international markets and/or receive applicable marketing approvals, our target market will be reduced and our ability to realize the full market potential of our product candidates will be harmed.

The impact of healthcare legislation and other changes in the healthcare industry and in healthcare spending on us is currently unknown, and may adversely affect our business model.

Our revenue prospects could be affected by changes in healthcare spending and policy in the United States and abroad. We operate in a highly regulated industry and new laws, regulations or judicial decisions, or new interpretations of existing laws, regulations or decisions, related to healthcare availability, the method of delivery or payment for healthcare products and services could negatively impact our business, operations and financial condition.

52

Many federal and state legislatures have considered, and adopted, healthcare policies intended to curb rising healthcare costs, such as the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022. These cost-containment measures may include, among other measures: requirements for pharmaceutical companies to negotiate prescription drug prices with government healthcare programs; controls on government-funded reimbursement for drugs; new or increased requirements to pay prescription drug rebates to government healthcare programs, including if drug prices increase at a higher rate than inflation; controls on healthcare providers; challenges to or limits on the pricing of drugs, including pricing controls or limits or prohibitions on reimbursement for specific products through other means; requirements to try less expensive products or generics before a more expensive branded product; and public funding for cost effectiveness research, which may be used by government and private third-party payors to make coverage and payment decisions. Political, economic and regulatory developments may further complicate developments in healthcare systems and pharmaceutical drug pricing. These developments could, for example, impact our potential licensing agreements as commercial and collaborative partners may also consider the impact of these pressures on their licensing strategies.

Any new laws or regulations that have the effect of imposing additional costs or regulatory burden on pharmaceutical manufacturers, or otherwise negatively affect the industry, could adversely affect our ability to successfully commercialize our product candidates. The implementation of any price controls, caps on prescription drugs or price transparency requirements could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition.

Our employees, independent contractors, consultants, commercial partners and vendors may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including noncompliance with regulatory standards and requirements.

We are exposed to the risk of employee fraud or other illegal activity by our employees, independent contractors, consultants, commercial partners and vendors. If we obtain FDA approval of any of our product candidates and begin commercializing those products in the United States, our potential exposure under the regulations of the FDA and other similar foreign regulatory bodies will increase significantly, and our costs associated with compliance with such laws and regulations are also likely to increase. It is possible that governmental and enforcement authorities will conclude that our business practices may not comply with current or future statutes, regulations or case law interpreting applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws and regulations. If any such actions are instituted against us, and we are not successful in defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could have a significant impact on our business.

We face potential liability related to the privacy of health information we obtain from clinical trials sponsored by us.

Most healthcare providers, including research institutions from which we obtain patient health information, are subject to privacy and security regulations promulgated under HIPAA, as amended by the HITECH. We are not currently classified as a covered entity or business associate under HIPAA and thus are not directly subject to its requirements or penalties. However, any person may be prosecuted under HIPAA’s criminal provisions either directly or under aiding-and-abetting or conspiracy principles. Consequently, depending on the facts and circumstances, we could face substantial criminal penalties if we knowingly receive individually identifiable health information from a HIPAA-covered healthcare provider or research institution that has not satisfied HIPAA’s requirements for disclosure of individually identifiable health information. In addition, we may maintain sensitive personally identifiable information, including health information, that we receive throughout the clinical trial process, in the course of our research collaborations, and directly from individuals (or their healthcare providers) who enroll in our patient assistance programs. As such, we may be subject to state laws requiring notification of affected individuals and state regulators in the event of a breach of personal information, which is a broader class of information than the health information protected by HIPAA.

Furthermore, certain health privacy laws, data breach notification laws, consumer protection laws and genetic testing laws may apply directly to our operations and/or those of our collaborators and may impose restrictions on our collection, use and dissemination of individuals’ health information. Patients about whom we or our collaborators obtain health information, as well as the providers who share this information with us, may have statutory or contractual rights that limit our ability to use and disclose the information. We may be required to expend significant capital and other resources to ensure ongoing compliance with applicable privacy and data security laws. Claims that we have violated individuals’ privacy rights or breached our contractual obligations, even if we are not found liable, could be expensive and time-consuming to defend and could result in adverse publicity that could harm our business. Additionally, we are subject to state and foreign equivalents of each of the healthcare laws described above, among others, some of which may be broader in scope and may apply regardless of the payor.

53

If we are unable to successfully develop companion diagnostic tests for our drug candidates that require such tests, or experience significant delays in doing so, we may not realize the full commercial potential of these drug candidates.

We may develop, either by ourselves or with collaborators, in vitro companion diagnostic tests for our drug candidates for certain indications. To be successful, we or our collaborators will need to address a number of scientific, technical, regulatory, and logistical challenges. The FDA regulates in vitro companion diagnostics as medical devices that will likely be subject to clinical trials in conjunction with the clinical trials for our drug candidates, and which will require regulatory clearance or approval prior to commercialization. We may rely on third parties for the design, development, and manufacture of companion diagnostic tests for our therapeutic drug candidates that require such tests. If these parties are unable to successfully develop companion diagnostics for these therapeutic drug candidates, or experience delays in doing so, the development of these therapeutic drug candidates may be adversely affected or may not obtain marketing approval, and we may not realize the full commercial potential of any of these therapeutics that obtain marketing approval.

Pharmaceutical and biological product marketing is subject to substantial regulation in the U.S. and any failure by us or our commercial and collaborative partners to comply with applicable statutes or regulations can adversely affect our business.

Any marketing activities associated with our product candidates, if approved for commercialization, will be subject to numerous federal and state laws governing the marketing and promotion of pharmaceutical and biological products. The FDA regulates post-approval promotional labeling and advertising to ensure that they conform to statutory and regulatory requirements. In addition to FDA restrictions, the marketing of prescription drugs is subject to laws and regulations prohibiting fraud and abuse under government healthcare programs. Similarly, many states have similar statutes or regulations that apply to items and services reimbursed under Medicaid and other state programs, and, in some states, such statutes or regulations apply regardless of the payor. In addition, government authorities may also seek to hold us responsible for any failure of our commercialization or collaborative partners to comply with applicable statutes or regulations. If we, or our commercial or collaborative partners, fail to comply with applicable FDA regulations or other laws or regulations relating to the marketing of our product candidates, if approved for commercialization, we could be subject to criminal prosecution, civil penalties, seizure of products, injunctions and exclusion of our product candidates from reimbursement under government programs, as well as other regulatory or investigatory actions against our future product candidates, our commercial or collaborative partners or us.

Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property

If our efforts to protect the proprietary nature of the intellectual property related to our technologies are not adequate, we may not be able to compete effectively in our market.

We rely upon a combination of patents, confidentiality agreements, trade secret protection and license agreements to protect the intellectual property related to our technologies. Any disclosure to or misappropriation by third parties of our confidential proprietary information could enable competitors to quickly duplicate or surpass our technological achievements, thus eroding our competitive position in our market. While we undertake efforts to protect our trade secrets and other confidential information from disclosure, others may independently discover trade secrets and proprietary information, and in such cases, we may not be able to assert any trade secret rights against such party. Enforcing a claim that a party illegally obtained and is using our trade secrets is challenging and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition, courts outside of the U.S. may be less willing to protect trade secrets. Costly and time-consuming litigation could be necessary to enforce and determine the scope of our proprietary rights, and failure to obtain or maintain trade secret protection could adversely affect our competitive business position.

Currently, we have patents issued from our in-licensed portfolio under our license agreement with Plexxikon. in multiple territories, including but not limited to, Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, Colombia, Europe (validated in Germany, Spain, France, Great Britain, Italy, the Netherlands, as well as various other EU countries), Hong Kong, India, Indonesia, Israel, Japan, Mexico, New Zealand, Peru, the Philippines, Republic of Korea, Russia, Singapore, South Africa, Taiwan, and the United States. We also have in-licensed patent applications pending in Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, Egypt, Europe, India, Indonesia, Israel, Japan, Korea, Mexico, Philippines, Singapore, South Africa, and the United States. In addition, we have our own US and international patent applications. We anticipate additional patent applications will be filed both in the United States and in other countries, as appropriate. There is no guarantee that patent applications will provide meaningful protection or result in patents being issued and granted.

54

In addition, patent grant standards by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (the “USPTO”) and its foreign counterparts are not always uniform or predictable, and subject to change. For example, the America Invents Act enacted a number of changes to U.S. patent laws, which may prevent us from adequately protecting our or our licensors’ inventions and discoveries, including our ability to seek injunctive relief, pursue infringement claims, and obtain substantial damage awards. An example of a major provision of the America Invents Act is the change in the U.S. patent policy from a first-to-invent to a first-to-file practice. Additionally, the USPTO and patent offices in other jurisdictions have often required that patent applications directed to pharmaceutical and/or biotechnology-related inventions be limited or narrowed substantially to cover only the specific innovations exemplified in the patent application, thereby limiting the scope of protection against competitive challenges. Accordingly, even if we or our licensors are able to obtain patents, the patents might be substantially narrower than anticipated. Thus, there is no assurance as to the degree and range of protections any of our or our licensors’ patents, if issued, may afford us or whether patents will be issues. Foreign counterparts to this law are also not uniform, and there is no worldwide policy governing the subject matter and scope of claims granted in a pharmaceutical or biotechnology patent. Uncertainty arising from changing laws can impact our ability to protect our or our licensors’ patents and other proprietary rights.

Third parties may challenge the validity, enforceability or scope thereof, which may result in such patents being narrowed, invalidated or held unenforceable. Furthermore, even if they are unchallenged, our or our licensors’ patents and patent applications may not adequately protect our intellectual property or prevent others from designing around our claims. If the breadth or strength of protection provided by the patent applications we hold with respect to our product candidates is threatened, it could dissuade companies from collaborating with us to develop, and threaten our ability to commercialize, our product candidates. Further, if we encounter delays in our clinical trials, the period of time during which we could market our product candidates under patent protection would be reduced.

We depend on intellectual property licensed from third parties and termination of any of these licenses could result in the loss of significant rights, which would harm our business.

We are dependent on patents, know-how and proprietary technology, both our own and licensed from others. In particular, bezuclastinib and other molecules are subject to a license from Plexxikon. We expect in the future to be party to additional material license or collaboration agreements. Any termination of our current or future licenses could result in the loss of significant rights and could harm our ability to commercialize our product candidates. These licenses do and future licenses may include provisions that impose obligations and restrictions on us. This could delay or otherwise negatively impact a transaction that we may wish to enter into. Disputes may also arise between us and our licensors regarding intellectual property subject to a license agreement. If disputes over intellectual property that we have licensed prevent or impair our ability to maintain our current licensing arrangements on acceptable terms, we may be unable to successfully develop and commercialize the affected product candidates. We are generally also subject to all of the same risks with respect to protection of intellectual property that we license, as we are for intellectual property that we own, which are described below. If we or our licensors fail to adequately protect this intellectual property, our ability to commercialize products could suffer.

We may not be successful in obtaining or maintaining necessary rights to product components and processes for our development pipeline through acquisitions and in-licenses.

Presently we have rights to certain intellectual property, through licenses from third parties and under patent applications that we own or will own, related to bezuclastinib, and certain other product candidates. Because additional product candidates may require the use of proprietary rights held by third parties, the growth of our business will likely depend in part on our ability to acquire, in-license or use these proprietary rights. Our product candidates may also require specific formulations to work effectively and efficiently and these rights may be held by others. Similarly, efficient production or delivery of our product candidates may also require specific compositions or methods, and the rights to these may be owned by third parties. We may be unable to acquire or in-license any compositions, methods of use, processes or other third-party intellectual property rights from third parties that we identify. Even if we are able to obtain a license, it may be non-exclusive, thereby giving our competitors access to the same technologies licensed to us. In that event, we may be required to expend significant time and resources to develop or license replacement technology.

55

Third-party claims of intellectual property infringement may prevent or delay our product discovery and development efforts.

Our commercial success depends in part on our avoiding infringement of the patents and proprietary rights of third parties. As the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries expand and more patents are issued, the risk increases that our product candidates may give rise to claims of infringement of the patent rights of others. Third parties may assert that we are employing their proprietary technology without authorization. While we do not believe that any claims that could materially adversely affect commercialization of our product candidates, if approved, are valid and enforceable, we may be incorrect in this belief, or we may not be able to prove it in litigation. There may be third-party patents of which we are currently unaware with claims to materials, formulations, methods of manufacture or methods for treatment related to the use or manufacture of our product candidates. Because patent applications can take many years to issue, there may be currently pending patent applications which may later result in issued patents that our product candidates may infringe. In the event of a successful claim of infringement against us, we may have to pay substantial damages, including treble damages and attorneys’ fees for willful infringement, obtain one or more licenses from third parties, pay royalties or redesign our infringing products, which may be impossible or require substantial time and monetary expenditure.

We may fail to identify relevant patents or incorrectly conclude that a patent is invalid, not enforceable, exhausted, or not infringed by our activities. If any third-party patents were held by a court of competent jurisdiction to cover the manufacturing process of our product candidates, molecules used in or formed during the manufacturing process, or any final product itself, the holders of any such patents may be able to block our ability to commercialize the product candidate unless we obtained a license under the applicable patents, or until such patents expire or they are finally determined to be held invalid or unenforceable. Similarly, if any third-party patent were held by a court of competent jurisdiction to cover aspects of our formulations, processes for manufacture or methods of use, including combination therapy or patient selection methods, the holders of any such patent may be able to block our ability to develop and commercialize the product candidate unless we obtained a license or until such patent expires or is finally determined to be held invalid or unenforceable. In either case, if we are unable to obtain a necessary license to a third-party patent on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, our ability to commercialize our product candidates may be impaired or delayed, which could in turn significantly harm our business.

Parties making claims against us may seek and obtain injunctive or other equitable relief, which could effectively block our ability to further develop and commercialize our product candidates. Defense of these claims, regardless of their merit, could involve substantial litigation expense and would be a substantial diversion of employee resources from our business. We cannot predict whether any such license would be available at all or whether it would be available on commercially reasonable terms. Furthermore, even in the absence of litigation, we may need or may choose to obtain licenses from third parties to advance our research or allow commercialization of our product candidates. We may fail to obtain any of these licenses at a reasonable cost or on reasonable terms, if at all. In that event, we would be unable to further develop and commercialize our product candidates, which could harm our business significantly.

We may be involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our patents or the patents of our licensors, which could be expensive, time-consuming and unsuccessful.

Competitors may infringe our patents or the patents of our licensors. To counter infringement or unauthorized use, we may be required to file infringement claims, which can be expensive and time-consuming. An adverse result in any litigation or defense proceedings could put one or more of our or our licensors’ patents at risk of being invalidated, held unenforceable, or interpreted narrowly and could put our or our licensors’ patent applications at risk of not issuing. Defense of these claims, regardless of their merit, would involve substantial litigation expense and would be a substantial diversion of employee resources from our business.

An unfavorable outcome of any post-grant proceedings, including interference proceedings, provoked by third parties or brought by the USPTO could result in a loss of our current patent rights and could require us to cease using the related technology or to attempt to license rights to it from the prevailing party. Our business could be harmed if the prevailing party does not offer us a license on commercially reasonable terms. Litigation or post-grant proceedings may result in a decision adverse to our interests and, even if we are successful, may result in substantial costs and distract our management and other employees. We may not be able to prevent, alone or with our licensors, misappropriation of our trade secrets or confidential information, particularly in countries where the laws may not protect those rights as fully as in the United States.

56

Issued patents covering our product candidates could be found invalid or unenforceable if challenged in court or the USPTO.

If we or one of our licensing partners initiate legal proceedings against a third party to enforce a patent covering one of our product candidates, the defendant could counterclaim that the patent covering our product candidate, as applicable, is invalid and/or unenforceable. Third parties may also raise similar claims before administrative bodies in the United States or abroad, even outside the context of litigation. Such proceedings could result in revocation or amendment to our or our licensors’ patents in such a way that they no longer cover our product candidates. The outcome following legal assertions of invalidity and unenforceability is unpredictable. If a defendant were to prevail on a legal assertion of invalidity and/or unenforceability, we would lose at least part, and perhaps all, of the patent protection on our product candidates. Such a loss of patent protection could have a material adverse impact on our business.

Patent terms may be inadequate to protect our competitive position on our product candidates and any future products for an adequate amount of time.

Patents have a limited lifespan. In the United States, if all maintenance fees are timely paid, the natural expiration of a patent is generally 20 years from its earliest U.S. non-provisional filing date. The patent term of a U.S. patent may be lengthened by patent term adjustment, which compensates a patentee for administrative delays by the USPTO in granting a patent, or may be shortened if a patent is terminally disclaimed over another patent having an earlier expiration date.

Various extensions may be available, but the life of a patent, and the protection it affords, is limited. Given the amount of time required for the development, testing and regulatory review of product candidates, patents protecting such product candidates might expire before or shortly after such product candidates are commercialized.

In the United States, the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984 permits a Patent Term Extension, or PTE, of up to five years beyond the normal expiration of the patent to compensate patent owners for loss of enforceable patent term due to the lengthy regulatory approval process. A PTE grant cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14 years from the date of the product approval. Further, PTE may only be applied once per product, and only with respect to an approved indication—in other words, only one patent (for example, covering the product itself, an approved use of said product, or a method of manufacturing said product) can be extended by PTE. Moreover, the scope of protection during the period of the PTE does not extend to the full scope of the claim, but instead only to the scope of the product as approved. We anticipate applying for PTE in the United States. Similar extensions may be available in other countries where we are prosecuting patents and we likewise anticipate applying for such extensions.

The granting of such patent term extensions is not guaranteed and is subject to numerous requirements. We might not be granted an extension because of, for example, failure to apply within applicable periods, failure to apply prior to the expiration of relevant patents, failure to exercise due diligence during the testing phase or regulatory review process or any other failure to satisfy any of the numerous applicable requirements. In addition, to the extent we wish to pursue patent term extension based on a patent that we in-license from a third party, we would need the cooperation of that third party. Moreover, the applicable authorities, including the FDA and the USPTO in the United States, and any equivalent regulatory authority in other countries, may not agree with our assessment of whether such extensions are available, and may refuse to grant extensions to our or our licensors’ patents, or may grant more limited extensions than we request. If this occurs, our competitors may be able to obtain approval of competing products following our or our licensors’ patent expiration by referencing our clinical and preclinical data and launch their product earlier than might otherwise be the case. If this were to occur, it could have a material adverse effect on our ability to generate revenue.

Changes to patent law in the United States and in foreign jurisdictions could diminish the value of patents in general, thereby impairing our ability to protect our product candidates and future products.

As is the case with other biotechnology and biopharmaceutical companies, our success is heavily dependent on intellectual property, particularly patents. Obtaining and enforcing patents in the biotechnology and biopharmaceutical industry involves both technological and legal complexity, and is therefore costly, time-consuming and inherently uncertain.

57

Moreover, recent U.S. Supreme Court rulings have narrowed the scope of patent protection available in certain circumstances and weakened the rights of patent owners in certain situations. In addition to increasing uncertainty with regard to our or our licensors’ ability to obtain patents in the future, this combination of events has created uncertainty with respect to the value of patents, once obtained. Depending on decisions by the U.S. Congress, the federal courts, and the USPTO, the laws and regulations governing patents could change in unpredictable ways that would weaken our or our licensors’ ability to obtain new patents or to enforce our or our licensors’ existing patents and patents that we or our licensors might obtain in the future. We cannot predict how future decisions by the courts, Congress or the USPTO may impact the value of our or our licensors’ patents. Similarly, any adverse changes in the patent laws of

other jurisdictions could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. Changes in the laws and regulations governing patents in other jurisdictions could similarly have an adverse effect on our ability to obtain and effectively enforce our patent rights.

Further, a new court system recently became operational in the European Union. The Unified Patent Court, or UPC, began accepting patent cases on June 1, 2023. The UPC is a common patent court with jurisdiction over patent infringement and revocation proceedings effective for multiple member states of the European Union. The broad geographic reach of the UPC could enable third parties to seek revocation of any of our European patents in a single proceeding at the UPC rather than through multiple proceedings in each of the individual European Union member states in which the European patent is validated. Under the UPC, a successful revocation proceeding for a European Patent under the UPC would result in loss of patent protection in those European Union countries. Accordingly, a single proceeding under the UPC could result in the partial or complete loss of patent protection in numerous European Union countries. Such a loss of patent protection could have a material adverse impact on our business and our ability to commercialize our technology and product candidates. Moreover, the controlling laws and regulations of the UPC will develop over time and we cannot predict what the outcomes of cases tried before the UPC will be. The case law of the UPC may adversely affect our ability to enforce or defend the validity of our or our licensors’ European patents. Patent owners have the option to opt-out their European Patents from the jurisdiction of the UPC, defaulting to pre-UPC enforcement mechanisms.

We may not be able to seek or obtain patent protection throughout the world or enforce such patent protection once obtained.

We may not be able to pursue patent coverage of our product candidates in certain countries outside of the United States. Filing, prosecuting and defending patents on product candidates in all countries throughout the world would be prohibitively expensive, and our intellectual property rights in some countries outside the United States may be less extensive than those in the United States. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as federal and state laws in the United States. The breadth and strength of our or our licensors’ patents issued in foreign jurisdictions or regions may not be the same as the corresponding patents issued in the United States. Consequently, we may not be able to prevent third parties from practicing our or our licensors’ inventions in all countries outside the United States, or from selling or importing products made using our or our licensors’ inventions in and into the United States or other jurisdictions. Competitors may use our technologies in jurisdictions where we have not obtained patent protection to develop their own products and further, may export otherwise infringing products to certain territories where we have patent protection, but enforcement is not as strong as that in the United States. These products may compete with our product candidates and our or our licensors’ patents or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent them from competing.

Many companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions. The legal systems of certain countries, particularly certain developing countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents, trade secrets and other intellectual property protections, particularly those relating to biotechnology and biopharmaceutical products. This difficulty with enforcing patents could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement of our or our licensors’ patents or marketing of competing products otherwise generally in violation of our proprietary rights. Proceedings to enforce our patent rights in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial costs and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business, could put our or our licensors’ patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly, put our or our licensors’ patent applications at risk of not issuing and could provoke third parties to assert claims against us. We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate and the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may not be commercially meaningful. Accordingly, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights around the world may be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial advantage from the intellectual property that we develop or license.

58

If our trademarks and trade names are not adequately protected, then we may not be able to build name recognition in our trademarks of interest and our business may be adversely affected.

Our current or future trademarks or trade names may be challenged, infringed, circumvented or declared generic or determined to be infringing on other marks. As a means to enforce our trademark rights and prevent infringement, we may be required to file trademark claims against third parties or initiate trademark opposition proceedings. This can be expensive and time-consuming, particularly for a company of our size. We may not be able to protect our rights to our trademarks and trade names or may be forced to stop using these names, which we need for name recognition by potential partners or customers in our markets of interest. At times, competitors may adopt trade names or trademarks similar to ours, thereby impeding our ability to build brand identity and possibly leading to market confusion. In addition, there could be potential trade name or trademark infringement claims brought by owners of other registered trademarks or trademarks that incorporate variations of our registered or unregistered trademarks or trade names. Over the long term, if we are unable to establish name recognition based on our trademarks and trade names, then we may not be able to compete effectively and our business may be adversely affected. During trademark registration proceedings, we may receive rejections. Although we would be given an opportunity to respond to those rejections, we may be unable to overcome such rejections. In addition, in the USPTO and in comparable agencies in many foreign jurisdictions, third parties are given an opportunity to oppose pending trademark applications and to seek to cancel registered trademarks. Opposition or cancellation proceedings may be filed against our trademarks, and our trademarks may not survive such proceedings. Moreover, any name we propose to use for our products in the United States must be approved by the FDA, regardless of whether we have registered it, or applied to register it, as a trademark. Similar requirements exist in Europe. The FDA typically conducts a review of proposed product names, including an evaluation of potential for confusion with other product names. If the FDA (or an equivalent administrative body in a foreign jurisdiction) objects to any of our proposed product names, we may be required to expend significant additional resources in an effort to identify a usable substitute name that would qualify under applicable trademark laws, not infringe the existing rights of third parties and be acceptable to the FDA. Furthermore, in many countries, owning and maintaining a trademark registration may not provide an adequate defense against a subsequent infringement claim asserted by the owner of a senior trademark. If we are unable to establish name recognition based on our trademarks and trade names, we may not be able to compete effectively and our business may be adversely affected.

Risks Related to Employee Matters and Managing Growth

We are highly dependent on our key personnel, and if we are not successful in attracting and retaining highly qualified personnel, we may not be able to successfully implement our business strategy.

Our inability or failure to successfully attract and retain qualified personnel, particularly at the management level, could adversely affect our ability to execute our business plan and harm our operating results. We are highly dependent on our management, scientific and medical personnel, including our Chief Executive Officer and President, our Chief Financial Officer, our Chief Technology Officer, our Chief Scientific Officer, our Chief Medical Officer, our Chief Commercial Officer and our Chief Legal Officer. The loss of the services of any of our executive officers, other key employees and other scientific and medical advisors, and an inability to find suitable replacements could result in delays in product development and harm our business.

Competition for skilled personnel in our market is intense and may limit our ability to hire and retain highly qualified personnel on acceptable terms or at all. Our success also depends on our ability to continue to attract, retain and motivate highly skilled junior, mid-level and senior managers as well as junior, mid-level and senior scientific and medical personnel. Despite our efforts to retain valuable employees, members of our management, scientific and development teams may terminate their employment with us on short notice. The employment agreements with our key employees provide for at-will employment, which means that any of our employees could leave our employment at any time, with or without notice.

We have experienced significant growth and expect to continue to expand our company to support research, development and future commercial capabilities and may face challenges in managing our growth.

During the past two years we increased our headcount from 138 to 205 full time employees through the expansion of our research, development, manufacturing and G&A infrastructure. We need to continue to recruit, train and retain qualified personnel to support our growth and we may be unable to do so effectively.

59

We continue to enhance our operational, financial and management controls and systems, reporting systems and infrastructure, and policies and procedures to support the establishment and maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls and corporate governance. Our management and other personnel devote a substantial amount of time to these compliance initiatives, and these increase our legal and financial costs and make some activities more time-consuming and costly. We may not be able to implement enhancements to our management information and control systems in an efficient or timely manner and may discover deficiencies in existing systems and controls. If our management is unable to effectively manage our growth, our expenses may increase more than expected, our development timelines may be delayed, our ability to generate revenue could be reduced, and we may not be able to implement our business strategy.

Our business and operations could suffer in the event of system failures or unauthorized or inappropriate use of or access to our systems.

We are increasingly dependent on our information technology systems and infrastructure for our business. We collect, store, use and transmit personal information and sensitive information including intellectual property, proprietary business information, and health-related information, in connection with business operations. The secure maintenance of this information is critical to our operations and business strategy. Due to the size and complexity and the increasing amounts of confidential information that are maintained, our internal information technology systems and those of our third-party CROs, vendors and other contractors and consultants are potentially vulnerable to breakdown or other damage or interruption from service interruptions, system malfunction, natural disasters, terrorism, war and telecommunication and electrical failures, as well as security incidents or breaches from inadvertent or intentional actions by our employees and/or third parties with whom we do business, or from cyber-attacks by malicious third parties (including the deployment of harmful malware, ransomware, digital extortion, denial-of-service attacks, supply chain attacks, social engineering and other means to affect service reliability and threaten the confidentiality, integrity and availability of information), which may compromise our system infrastructure or those of our partners or lead to data leakage. If such an event were to occur and cause interruptions in our operations, it could result in a material disruption of our development programs and our business operations. For example, the loss of clinical trial data from completed or future clinical trials could result in delays in our regulatory approval efforts and significantly increase our costs to recover or reproduce the data. Likewise, similar events relating to the information technology systems of our third-party collaborators who we rely on for the manufacture of our product candidates and to conduct clinical trials could also have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, changes in how our employees work and access our systems, when part of our workforce is working remotely, could also lead to opportunities for bad actors to launch cyber-attacks or for employees to cause inadvertent security risks or incidents. The prevalent use of mobile devices also increases the risk of data security incidents.

To the extent that any disruption, security breach or unauthorized or inappropriate use or access to our systems were to result in a loss of or damage to our data, or inappropriate disclosure of confidential or proprietary information, including but not limited to patient, employee or vendor information, we could, under certain circumstances, be subject to notification obligations to affected individuals and/or government agencies, liability, including potential lawsuits from patients, collaborators, employees, stockholders or other third parties and liability under foreign, federal and state laws that protect the privacy and security of personal information which could take the form of, amongst other things, administrative fines, and the development and potential commercialization of our product candidates could be delayed. While we maintain cyber insurance at levels that we believe are appropriate for our business, we cannot assure our investors that it will be sufficient in type or amount to cover us against all claims related to security compromises or breaches, cyberattacks and other related breaches.

60

Risks Related to Our Financial Position and Need for Additional Capital

We will require substantial additional funding. If we fail to obtain additional financing when needed, or on attractive terms, we may be unable to complete the development and commercialization of our product candidates.

Our operations have consumed substantial amounts of cash since inception. We expect to continue to spend substantial amounts to continue the clinical and preclinical development of our current and future product candidates, including our clinical trials for bezuclastinib. If approved, we will require significant additional amounts in order to launch and commercialize our product candidates. We cannot be certain that additional funding will be available on acceptable terms, or at all. Raising additional capital may cause dilution to our existing stockholders, restrict our operations or require us to relinquish rights to our technologies or product candidates. If we are unable to raise additional capital in sufficient amounts or on terms acceptable to us, we may have to significantly delay, scale back or discontinue the development or commercialization of our product candidates or other research and development initiatives. Our license agreements may also be terminated if we are unable to meet the payment and other obligations under the agreements. We could be required to seek collaborators for our product candidates at an earlier stage than otherwise would be desirable or on terms that are less favorable than might otherwise be available or relinquish or license on unfavorable terms our rights to our product candidates in markets where we otherwise would seek to pursue development or commercialization ourselves.

Any of the above events could significantly harm our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations and cause the price of our common stock to decline.

We have incurred net losses in every year since our inception and anticipate that we will continue to incur net losses in the future.

We are a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company with a limited operating history. Investment in biopharmaceutical product development is highly speculative because it entails substantial upfront capital expenditures and significant risk that any potential product candidate will fail to demonstrate adequate effect or an acceptable safety profile, gain regulatory approval and become commercially viable. We have no products approved for commercial sale and have not generated any revenue from product sales to date, and we continue to incur significant research and development and other expenses related to our ongoing operations. As a result, we are not profitable and have incurred losses in each period since our inception in March 2014. For further information, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.”

There can be no assurance that the product candidates under development by us will be approved for sale in the United States or elsewhere. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that if such products are approved, they will be successfully commercialized, which would have an adverse effect on our business prospects, financial condition and results of operation. The commercial success of our products, if approved, will depend on many factors, including, but not limited to:

•
the availability of coverage and adequate and timely reimbursement from managed care plans, private insurers, government payors (such as Medicare and Medicaid and similar foreign authorities) and other third-party payors for our products;

•
patients’ ability and willingness to pay out-of-pocket for our products in the absence of coverage and/or adequate reimbursement from third-party payors;

•
patient demand for our products;

•
our ability to establish and enforce intellectual property rights in and to our products; and

•
our ability to avoid third-party patent interference, intellectual property challenges or intellectual property infringement claims. 

Even if we succeed in commercializing one or more of our product candidates, we will continue to incur substantial research and development and other expenditures to develop and market additional product candidates. Our prior losses and expected future losses have had and will continue to have an adverse effect on our stockholders’ equity and working capital.

61

Our ability to use net operating losses and tax credit carryforwards to offset future taxable income may be subject to certain limitations.

In general, under Sections 382 and 383 of the Code, a corporation that undergoes an “ownership change” is subject to limitations on its ability to utilize its pre-change net operating losses or tax credits, or NOLs or credits, to offset future taxable income or taxes. As a result of the shares issued in July 2020 related to the acquisition of Kiq and the sale of Series A convertible preferred stock, the Company has experienced a change in ownership, as defined by Section 382. As a result of the ownership change, utilization of the federal and state net operating loss carryforwards and research and development tax credit carryforwards is subject to annual limitation under Section 382. Under Section 382, the annual limitation is determined by first multiplying the value of the Company’s stock at the time of the ownership change by the applicable long-term tax-exempt rate, and then could be subject to additional adjustments, as required. As of December 31, 2024, approximately $73.0 million and $1.5 million of federal and state net operating losses, respectively, were subject to the July 2020 limitation of $0.3 million per year. A second ownership change occurred in December 2020 as a result of the underwritten public offering of common stock which resulted in a limitation of tax attributes generated from July 2020 to December 2020. The December 1, 2020 ownership change is not expected to have a material impact to the Company’s net operating loss carryforwards or research and development tax credit carryforwards as these net operating losses and tax credit carryforwards may be utilized, subject to annual limitation, assuming sufficient taxable income is generated before expiration. The Company has not performed a Section 382 analysis since December 2020.

We may be subject to adverse legislative or regulatory tax changes that could negatively impact our financial condition.

The rules dealing with U.S. federal, state and local income taxation are constantly under review by persons involved in the legislative process and by the Internal Revenue Service and the U.S. Treasury Department. Changes to tax laws (which changes may have retroactive application) could adversely affect our stockholders or us. We assess the impact of various tax reform proposals and modifications to existing tax treaties in all jurisdictions where we have operations to determine the potential effect on our business and any assumptions we have made about our future taxable income. We cannot predict whether any specific proposals will be enacted, the terms of any such proposals or what effect, if any, such proposals would have on our business if they were to be enacted. For example, the United States enacted the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, which implements, among other changes, a 1% excise tax on certain stock buybacks. In addition, beginning in 2022, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act eliminated the previously available option to deduct research and development expenditures and requires taxpayers to amortize them generally over five years for research activities conducted in the United States and over 15 years for research activities conducted outside the United States. Such changes, among others, may adversely affect our effective tax rate, results of operation and general business condition.

Risks Related to Ownership of our Common Stock

The price of our stock may be volatile, and you could lose all or part of your investment.

The trading price of our common stock is likely to continue to be highly volatile. Market prices for our common stock could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors. In addition, the stock market in general, and The Nasdaq Global Select Market and biopharmaceutical companies in particular, have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of these companies. If the market price of our common stock does not exceed your purchase price, you may not realize any return on your investment in us and may lose some or all of your investment. In the past, securities class action litigation has often been instituted against companies following periods of volatility in the market price of a company’s securities. This type of litigation, if instituted, could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management’s attention and resources, which would harm our business, operating results, or financial condition.

Our principal stockholders and management own a significant percentage of our stock and will be able to exert significant influence over matters subject to stockholder approval.

Our executive officers, directors, and ≥ 5% stockholders beneficially owned approximately 55.9% of our outstanding common stock as of December 31, 2024. These stockholders will have the ability to influence us through this ownership position. These stockholders may be able to determine all matters requiring stockholder approval. For example, these stockholders may be able to control elections of our directors, amendments to our organizational documents, or approval of any merger, sale of assets, or other major corporate transaction. This may prevent or discourage unsolicited acquisition proposals or offers for our common stock that may be in the best interests of our stockholders.

62

An active trading market for our common stock may not be sustained.

Given the low trading volumes of our common stock, there is a risk that an active trading market for our shares may not be sustained, which could put downward pressure on the market price of our common stock and thereby affect the ability of our stockholders to sell some or all of their shares at attractive prices, at the times and in the volumes that they would like to sell them, or at all.

Future sales and issuances of our common stock or rights to purchase common stock could result in additional dilution of the percentage ownership of our stockholders and could cause our stock price to fall.

We expect that significant additional capital may be needed in the future to continue our planned operations, including conducting clinical trials, commercialization efforts, research and development activities, and incurring costs associated with operating as a public company. To raise capital, we may sell common stock, convertible securities, or other equity securities in one or more transactions at prices and in a manner we determine from time to time. If we sell common stock, convertible securities, or other equity securities, investors may be materially diluted by such sales. Such sales may also result in material dilution to our existing stockholders, and new investors could gain rights, preferences, and privileges senior to the holders of our common stock.

Anti-takeover provisions under our charter documents and Delaware law could delay or prevent a change of control, which could limit the market price of our common stock and may prevent or frustrate attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management.

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws contain provisions that could delay or prevent a change of control of our company or changes in our board of directors that our stockholders might consider favorable. In addition, because we are incorporated in Delaware, we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporate Law, which may prohibit certain business combinations with stockholders owning 15% or more of our outstanding voting stock. These anti-takeover provisions and other provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws could make it more difficult for stockholders or potential acquirers to obtain control of our board of directors or initiate actions that are opposed by the then-current board of directors and could also delay or impede a merger, tender offer, or proxy contest involving our company. These provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for you and other stockholders to elect directors of your choosing or cause us to take other corporate actions you desire. Any delay or prevention of a change of control transaction or changes in our board of directors could cause the market price of our common stock to decline.

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders’ ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees.

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the exclusive forum for any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, any action asserting a breach of fiduciary duty, any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to the Delaware General Corporation Law, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our amended and restated bylaws, any action to interpret, apply, enforce, or determine the validity of our certificate of incorporation or bylaws or any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. The choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder’s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors, officers, and other employees. Alternatively, if a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in our certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business and financial condition.

63

ITEM 1B.	UNRESOLVE
D STAFF COMMENTS

None.

ITEM 1C.	CYBERSECURITY

Cyber Risk Management and Strategy
We have developed and maintain 
processes designed
 to assess, identify, and manage cybersecurity risks from potential unauthorized occurrences on or through our information technology systems that may result in adverse effects on the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of these systems and the data residing therein.
 The scope of these processes includes risks that may be associated with both our internally managed IT systems and key business functions and sensitive data operated or managed by or maintained at third-party service providers. These processes are managed and monitored by a dedicated information technology team, which is led by our Vice President, IT, who reports to our Chief Technology Officer, and include mechanisms, controls, technologies, systems, and other processes designed to prevent or mitigate data loss, theft, misuse, or other security incidents or vulnerabilities affecting the data and maintain a stable information technology environment. We constantly monitor our information technology environment for abnormal behavior, conduct penetration and vulnerability testing, data recovery testing, security audits, and ongoing risk assessments, including due diligence on our key technology vendors and other third-party service providers that have access to the personal information we collect, use, store, and transmit. We also conduct periodic employee trainings on cyber and information security, among other topics. We leverage standard industry tools from a software and hardware perspective and maintain a cybersecurity risk insurance policy.
We comply with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF and have accordingly certified our adherence to the respective DPF principles to the U.S. Department of Commerce with regard to the processing of personal data received from the EU, UK and Switzerland respectively. This includes compliance with the information security requirements of the DPF that prescribe that organizations creating, maintaining, using or disseminating personal data must take reasonable and appropriate measures to protect it from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction, taking into due account the risks involved in the processing and the nature of the personal data.
In addition, we consult with 
outside advisors and experts
 on a regular basis to assist with assessing, identifying, and managing cybersecurity risks, including to anticipate future threats and trends, and their impact on our risk environment. We have 
retained VeraSafe, LLC (“VeraSafe”) to help review and monitor our practices and processes
 related to personal data and compliance with applicable data protection laws. VeraSafe acts as our Data Protection Officer pursuant to the European Union and United Kingdom General Data Protection Regulation and has served in this capacity since May 2021.
We consider cybersecurity, along with other significant risks that we face, within our overall enterprise risk management framework. Since the beginning of the last fiscal year, we have not identified risks from known cybersecurity threats, including as a result of any prior cybersecurity incidents, that have 
materially affected us
, but we face certain ongoing cybersecurity risks threats that, if realized, are reasonably likely to materially affect us.
 Additional information on cybersecurity risks we face is discussed in Part I, Item 1A, “Risk Factors,” under the heading “Risks Related to Employee Matters and Managing Growth.”

Governance Related to Cybersecurity Risks
The Board of Directors, as a whole and at the committee level, has oversight for the most significant risks facing us and for our processes to identify, prioritize, assess, manage, and mitigate those risks. The Audit Committee, which is comprised solely of independent directors, has been designated by our Board to oversee cybersecurity risks.

The Audit Committee receives periodic updates on cybersecurity and information technology matters and related risk exposures. 
The Board also receives updates
 from management and the Audit Committee on cybersecurity risks on at least an annual basis.
Our Vice President, IT, who reports to the Chief Technology Officer, a member of the executive team, has over 20 years of experience managing information technology and cybersecurity matters.

The Vice President, IT and the Chief Technology Officer, together with our senior leadership team
, are
 responsible for assessing and managing cybersecurity
 risks and they work collaboratively across our company to implement policies and procedures designed to protect our information and systems from cybersecurity threats and to respond promptly to any material cybersecurity incidents in accordance with our incident response plans. A cross-functional team is responsible for responding to cybersecurity incidents. 

64

ITEM 2.	PR
OPERTIES

Waltham, Massachusetts

Our corporate headquarters are located in Waltham, Massachusetts, where we sublease approximately 17,749 square feet of office space pursuant to a sublease agreement that commenced in June 2022 and expires in September 2026. This facility primarily houses our clinical, regulatory, and administrative personnel.

Boulder, Colorado

We lease approximately 44,657 square feet of office and laboratory space in Boulder, Colorado. The lease has an initial term of 12 years, commencing in June 2022 and expiring in June 2035, with the option to extend for three successive five-year terms. This facility primarily houses our research and other administrative personnel.

We believe that our current facilities are adequate to meet our immediate needs.