Item 1A. Risk Factors for a further discussion of risks related to cybersecurity.

Management and Board Oversight of Cybersecurity Risks

Our Information Security Program is managed by a dedicated Chief Information Security Officer (“CISO”), who leads our Information Security team responsible for leading enterprise-wide cybersecurity strategy, policy, standards, architecture, and processes. Our CISO holds a BSc degree in the combined studies of Computer Science & History of Science from Herriot-Watt University and a graduate of the Carnegie Mellon University’s Heinz College of Information Systems and Public Policy + Software Engineering Institute’s Chief Risk Officer Executive Education and Certificate Program. He holds the following professional certifications from the Information Systems Audit and Control Association: Certified Information Systems Auditor (CISA), Certified in the Governance of Enterprise IT (CGEIT), and Certified in Risk and Information Systems Control (CRISC). Additionally, he has more than 20 years of experience in financial services, including management experience with Globally Systemically Important Banks, as well as experience in cybersecurity, information security & information technology risk management, governance, risk, and compliance.

The CISO provides periodic reports to the executive risk management committee and the board-level risk committees of the Company and the Bank, as well as the cross-functional management steering committee that oversees the information security and information technology programs. These reports address key cybersecurity topics, including the implementation and operation of preventative controls and the detection, mitigation and remediation of cybersecurity incidents. Our CISO also provides reports to our Chief Executive Officer and other members of our senior management, as appropriate. The Chief Risk Officer and the board-level risk committees of the Company and the Bank report to the full board of directors on key cybersecurity risk management topics, as appropriate.

32

Table of Contents