Item 1.

Business

Business of Bancorp 

Overview

Cathay General Bancorp (the “Bancorp” on a parent-only basis, and the “Company,” “we,” “us” or “our” on a consolidated basis) is a corporation that was organized in 1990 under the laws of the State of Delaware. The Bancorp is the holding company of Cathay Bank, a California state-chartered commercial bank (“Cathay Bank” or the “Bank”), and eleven limited partnerships investing in affordable housing investments in which the Bank is the sole limited partner. The Bancorp also owns 100% of the common stock of five statutory business trusts created for the purpose of issuing capital securities.

Our principal place of business is located at 777 North Broadway, Los Angeles, California 90012, with our main telephone number at (213) 625-4700. Certain of our administrative offices are located at 9650 Flair Drive, El Monte, California 91731. Our common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market, and our trading symbol is “CATY”.

The Bancorp is regulated as a bank holding company by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (“Federal Reserve”). Cathay Bank is regulated as a California commercial bank by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation (“DFPI”) and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (“FDIC”).

At December 31, 2024, we had $23.05 billion in total consolidated assets, $19.20 billion in net loans, $19.69 billion in deposits, and $2.85 billion in shareholders’ equity.

Subsidiaries of Bancorp

In addition to Cathay Bank, the Bancorp has the following subsidiaries:

Cathay Capital Trust I, Cathay Statutory Trust I, Cathay Capital Trust II, Cathay Capital Trust III and Cathay Capital Trust IV. 
The Bancorp established Cathay Capital Trust I in June 2003, Cathay Statutory Trust I in September 2003, Cathay Capital Trust II in December 2003, Cathay Capital Trust III in March 2007, and Cathay Capital Trust IV in May 2007 (collectively, the “Trusts”) as subsidiaries. The Trusts are statutory business trusts. The Trusts issued capital securities representing undivided preferred beneficial interests in the assets of the Trusts. The Trusts exist for the purpose of issuing the capital securities and investing the proceeds thereof, together with proceeds from the purchase of the common securities of the Trusts by the Bancorp, in a certain series of securities issued by us, with similar terms to the relevant series of securities issued by each of the Trusts, which we refer to as “Junior Subordinated Notes.” The Bancorp guarantees, on a limited basis, payments of distributions on the capital securities of the Trusts and payments on redemption of the capital securities of the Trusts. The Bancorp is the owner of all the beneficial interests represented by the common securities of the Trusts. The purpose of issuing the capital securities was to provide the Company with a cost-effective means of obtaining capital. Because the Bancorp is not the primary beneficiary of the Trusts, the financial statements of the Trusts are not included in our Consolidated Financial Statements.

Competition

The Bancorp’s primary business is to act as the holding company for the Bank. Accordingly, the Bancorp faces the same competitive pressures as those expected by the Bank. For a discussion of those risks, see “Business of the Bank — Competition” below under this Item 1.

Employees

Due to the limited nature of the Bancorp’s activities as a bank holding company, the Bancorp currently does not employ any persons other than the Bancorp’s corporate officers, which includes the Chief Executive Officer and President, Executive Chairman, the Chief Financial Officer, the Corporate Secretary, General Counsel and Sustainability Officer, and the Assistant Corporate Secretary. See also “Business of the Bank — 
Employees
” below under this Item 1 where we describe human capital management matters for Cathay Bank. In the future, the Bancorp may become an operating company or may engage in such other activities or acquire such other businesses as may be permitted by applicable law.

Business of the Bank 

General

Cathay Bank was incorporated under the laws of the State of California on August 22, 1961, is licensed by the DFPI, and commenced operations as a California state-chartered bank on April 19, 1962. Cathay Bank is an insured bank under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act by the FDIC, but it is not a member of the Federal Reserve.

The Bank’s head office is located in the Chinatown area of Los Angeles, at 777 North Broadway, Los Angeles, California 90012. As of December 31, 2024, the Bank has branch offices in Southern California (24 branches), Northern California (18 branches), New York (9 branches), Washington (four branches), Illinois (two branches), Texas (two branches), Maryland (one branch), Massachusetts (one branch), Nevada (one branch), New Jersey (one branch), and Hong Kong (one branch) and a representative office in Beijing, Shanghai, and Taipei. Deposit accounts at the Hong Kong branch are not insured by the FDIC. Current activities of the Beijing, Shanghai, and Taipei representative offices are limited to coordinating the transportation of documents to the Bank’s head office and performing liaison services.

Our primary market area is defined by the CRA delineation, which includes the contiguous areas surrounding each of the Bank’s branch offices. It is the Bank’s policy to reach out and actively offer services to low-to- moderate income groups in the delineated branch service areas. Many of the Bank’s employees speak more than one language, including both English and one or more Chinese dialects or Vietnamese, and are thus able to serve the Bank’s English, Chinese and Vietnamese speaking clients.

      2

Table of Contents

As a commercial bank, the Bank offers products and services to businesses, such as checking and deposit, lines of credits, commercial and commercial real estate loans, merchant services and payment processing, treasury management services, international banking and financing services, and other customary banking services. The bank offers similar services that are available to consumers.

The Bank primarily services individuals, professionals, and small to medium-sized businesses in the local markets in which its branches are located and provides commercial real estate loans, commercial loans, U.S. Small Business Administration (“SBA”) loans, residential mortgage loans, real estate construction loans, home equity lines of credit, and installment loans to individuals for, household and other consumer expenditures.

Through its Cathay Wealth Management business unit, the Bank offers clients a range of investment products and services, such as stocks, bonds, mutual funds, insurance, annuities, and advisory services.  As of December 31, 2024, all securities and insurance products provided by Cathay Wealth Management are offered by, and all financial consultants are registered with, Cetera Investment Services LLC, a registered securities broker/dealer and licensed insurance agency and member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority and Security Investor Protection Corporation. Cetera Investment Services LLC and Cathay Bank are independent entities. The securities and insurance products offered by Cetera Investment Services LLC are not insured by the FDIC.

Securities 

The Bank’s securities portfolio is managed in accordance with a written investment policy which addresses strategies, types, and levels of allowable investments, and which is reviewed and approved by our Board of Directors on an annual basis.

Our investment portfolio is managed to meet our liquidity needs through proceeds from scheduled maturities and is also utilized for pledging requirements for deposits of state and local subdivisions, securities sold under repurchase agreements, and Federal Home Loan Bank (“FHLB”) advances. The portfolio is comprised of U.S. government securities, mortgage-backed securities, collateralized mortgage obligations, corporate debt instruments, and mutual funds.

Information concerning the carrying value, maturity distribution, and yield analysis of the Company’s securities portfolio as well as a summary of the amortized cost and estimated fair value of the Bank’s securities by contractual maturity is included in Part II — Item 7 — “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” and in Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Loans 

The Bank’s Board of Directors and senior management establish, review, and modify the Bank’s lending policies. These policies include (as applicable) an evaluation of a potential borrower’s financial condition, ability to repay the loan, character, secondary repayment sources (such as guaranties), quality and availability of collateral, capital, leverage capacity and regulatory guidelines, market conditions for the borrower’s business or project, and prevailing economic trends and conditions. Loan originations are obtained through a variety of sources, including existing clients, walk-in clients, referrals from brokers or existing clients, and advertising. While loan applications are accepted at all branches, the Bank’s centralized document department supervises the application process including documentation of loans, review of appraisals, and credit reports.

Commercial Real Estate Loans. 
Commercial real estate loans (also known as CRE loans) are typically secured by first deeds of trust on commercial properties. Our commercial real estate portfolio includes primarily commercial real estate, commercial retail properties, office buildings, warehouse, and owner-occupied industrial facilities, and, secondarily, hotels, multiple-unit apartments, and multi-tenanted industrial properties.

The Bank also makes medium-term commercial real estate loans which are generally secured by commercial or industrial buildings where the borrower uses the property for business purposes or derives income from tenants.

Commercial Loans. 
The Bank provides financial services to diverse commercial and professional businesses in its market areas. Commercial loans consist primarily of short-term loans (normally with a maturity of up to one year) to support general business purposes, or to provide working capital to businesses in the form of lines of credit to finance trade. The Bank continues to focus primarily on commercial lending to small-to-medium size businesses within the Bank’s geographic market areas. The Bank participates or syndicates loans, typically more than $25.0 million in principal amount, with other financial institutions to limit its credit exposure. Commercial loan pricing is generally at a rate tied to the prime rate, as quoted in 
The Wall Street Journal
, or the Bank’s reference rate.

SBA Loans. 
The Bank originates SBA loans under the national “preferred lender” status. Preferred lender status is granted to a lender that has made a certain number of SBA loans and which, in the opinion of the SBA, has staff qualified and experienced in small business loans. As a preferred lender, the Bank’s SBA Lending Group has the authority to issue, on behalf of the SBA, the SBA guaranty on loans under the 7(a) program which may result in shortening the time it takes to process a loan. The 7(a) program is the SBA’s primary loan program, and which can be used for financing of a variety of general business purposes such as acquisition of land, buildings, equipment and inventory and working capital needs of eligible businesses generally over a 5 to 25 year term. In addition, under this program, the SBA delegates loan underwriting, closing, and most servicing and liquidation authority and responsibility to selected lenders.

The Bank utilizes both the 504 program, which is focused on long-term financing of buildings and other long-term fixed assets, and the 7(a) program. The collateral position in the SBA loans is enhanced by the SBA guaranty in the case of 7(a) loans, and by lower loan-to-value ratios under the 504 program. The Bank has sold, and may in the future sell, the guaranteed portion of certain of its SBA 7(a) loans in the secondary market. SBA loan pricing is generally at a rate tied to the prime rate, as quoted in 
The Wall Street Journal
.

      3

Table of Contents

Residential Mortgage Loans. 
The Bank originates single-family-residential mortgage loans. The single-family-residential mortgage loans are comprised of conforming, non‐conforming, and jumbo residential mortgage loans, and are secured by first or subordinate liens on single (one-to-four) family residential properties. The Bank’s products include a fixed-rate residential mortgage loan and an adjustable-rate residential mortgage loan. Mortgage loans are underwritten in accordance with the Bank’s and regulatory guidelines, on the basis of the borrower’s financial capabilities, an independent appraisal of the value of the property, historical loan quality, and other factors deemed relevant by the Bank’s underwriting personnel. The Bank generally retains all mortgage loans it originates in its portfolio. As such, the Bank was not impacted by the rule pertaining to risk retention implementing the risk retention requirements of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the “Dodd-Frank Act”), since the Bank does not securitize any of the loans it originates in its portfolio.

Real Estate Construction Loans. 
The Bank’s real estate construction loan activity focuses on providing short-term loans to individuals and developers, primarily for the construction of multi-unit projects. Residential real estate construction loans are typically secured by first deeds of trust and guarantees of the borrower. The economic viability of the projects, borrower’s credit worthiness, and borrower’s and contractor’s experience are primary considerations in the loan underwriting decision. The Bank utilizes approved independent licensed appraisers and monitors projects during the construction phase through construction inspections and a disbursement program tied to the percentage of completion of each project. The Bank also occasionally makes unimproved property loans to borrowers who intend to construct a single-family residence on their lots generally within twelve months. In addition, the Bank makes commercial real estate construction loans to high-net-worth clients with adequate liquidity for construction of office and warehouse properties. Such loans are typically secured by first deeds of trust and are guaranteed by the borrower.

Home Equity Lines of Credit. 
The Bank offers variable-rate home equity lines of credit that are secured by the borrower’s home. The pricing on the variable-rate home equity line of credit is generally at a rate tied to the prime rate, as quoted in 
The Wall Street Journal
, or the Bank’s reference rate. Borrowers may use this line of credit for home improvement financing, debt consolidation and other personal uses.

Installment Loans
. Installment loans tend to be fixed rate and longer-term (one-to-six year maturities). These loans are funded primarily for the purpose of financing the purchase of automobiles and other personal uses of the borrower.

Distribution and Maturity of Loans. 
Information concerning types, distribution, and maturity of loans is included in Part II — Item 7 — “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” and in Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Financing of Tax-Advantaged Projects
. 
We invest in and/or finance certain tax-advantaged projects promoting affordable housing and renewable energy sources. Our investments in these projects are designed to generate a return primarily through the realization of federal and state income tax credits, and other tax benefits, over specified time periods. For regulatory purposes, these investments are deemed loan-equivalent transactions and are made under the power of banks to make loans.

Asset Quality 

The Bank’s lending and credit policies require management to regularly review the Bank’s loan portfolio so that the Bank can monitor the quality of its assets. If during the ordinary course of business, management becomes aware that a borrower may not be able to meet the contractual payment obligations under a loan, then such policies require that the loan be supervised more closely with consideration given to, among other things, placing the loan on non-accrual status, requiring additional allowance for loan losses, and (if appropriate) charging-off a part or all of the loan.

Under the Bank’s current policies, a loan will generally be placed on a non-accrual status if interest or principal is past due 90 days or more, or in cases where management deems the full collection of principal and interest unlikely. When a loan is placed on non-accrual status, previously accrued but unpaid interest is reversed and charged against current income, and subsequent payments received are generally first applied towards the outstanding principal balance of the loan. Depending on the circumstances, management may elect to continue the accrual of interest on certain past due loans if partial payment is received or the loan is well-collateralized, and in the process of collection. The loan is generally returned to accrual status when the borrower has brought the past due principal and interest payments current and, in the opinion of management, the borrower has demonstrated the ability to make future payments of principal and interest as scheduled. A non-accrual loan may also be returned to accrual status if all principal and interest contractually due are reasonably assured of repayment within a reasonable period and there has been a sustained period of payment performance, generally six months.

Information concerning non-performing loans, restructured loans, allowance for credit losses, loans charged-off, loan recoveries, and other real estate owned is included in Part II — Item 7 — “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” and in Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

      4

Table of Contents

Deposits 

The Bank offers a variety of deposit products to meet its clients’ needs. As of December 31, 2024, the Bank offered savings accounts, checking accounts, money market deposit accounts, certificates of deposit, individual retirement accounts, and public funds deposits. These products are priced generally to promote growth of deposits in a safe and sound manner.

The Bank’s deposits are generally obtained from residents within its geographic market area. The Bank utilizes traditional marketing methods to attract new clients and deposits, by offering a wide variety of products and services and utilizing various forms of advertising media. From time to time, the Bank may offer special deposit promotions. Information concerning types of deposit accounts, average deposits and rates, and maturity of time deposits is included in Part II — Item 7 — “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” and in Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Borrowings 

Borrowings from time to time include securities sold under agreements to repurchase, the purchase of federal funds, funds obtained as advances from the FHLB, borrowing from other financial institutions, and the issuance of Junior Subordinated Notes. Information concerning the types, amounts, and maturity of borrowings is included in in Part II — Item 7 — “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” and in Note 8 and Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Return on Equity and Assets 

Information concerning the return on average assets, return on average stockholders’ equity, the average equity to assets ratio and the dividend payout ratio is included in Part II — Item 7 — “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.”

Interest Rates and Differentials 

Information concerning the interest-earning asset mix, average interest-earning assets, average interest-bearing liabilities, and the yields on interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities is included in Part II — Item 7 — “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.”

Analysis of Changes in Net Interest Income 

An analysis of changes in net interest income due to changes in rate and volume is included in Part II — Item 7 — “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.”

Commitments and Letters of Credit 

Information concerning the Bank’s outstanding loan commitments and letters of credit is included in Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Subsidiaries of Cathay Bank 

Cathay Holdings LLC (“CHLLC”) was incorporated in December 2007. The purpose of this subsidiary is to hold other real estate owned that was transferred from the Bank. As of December 31, 2024, CHLLC no longer owned properties.

Competition 

We face substantial competition for deposits, loans and other banking services, as well as for acquisition, opportunities, from the numerous banks and financial institutions that operate in our market areas. We also compete for loans and deposits, as well as other banking services, such as payment services, with savings and loan associations, savings banks, brokerage houses, insurance companies, mortgage companies, credit unions, credit card companies and other financial and non-financial institutions and entities.

In California, one larger Chinese-American bank competes for loans and deposits with the Bank and at least two super-regional banks compete with the Bank for deposits. In addition, there are many other banks that target the Chinese-American communities in New York and in both Southern and Northern California. Banks from the Pacific Rim countries, such as Taiwan, Hong Kong, and China, also continue to open branches in the Los Angeles area, thus increasing competition in the Bank’s primary markets. See discussion below in Part I — Item 1A — “Risk Factors.”

    5

Table of Contents

To compete with other financial institutions in our primary service areas, the Bank relies principally upon personal contacts by our officers, directors, employees, and stockholders, our long established relationships with the Chinese-American communities, the Bank’s responsiveness to client needs, local promotional activities, availability and pricing of loan and deposit products, extended hours on weekdays, Saturday banking in certain locations, Internet banking, an Internet website (
www.cathaybank.com
), 
and other specialized services. The content of our website is not incorporated into and is not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

If a proposed loan exceeds the Bank’s internal lending limits, the Bank has, in the past, and may in the future, arrange the loan on a participation or syndication basis with correspondent banks. The Bank also assists clients requiring other services not offered by the Bank to obtain these services from its correspondent banks.

Human Capital Resources

Our employees are vital to our success. Our goal is to ensure that we have the right talent, in the right place, at the right time. To achieve this level of value creation, we believe we must strive to find, develop and keep a world-class workforce. We invest in our employees by providing quality training and learning opportunities, promoting inclusion and talent recruitment and retention, and upholding a high standard of ethics and respect for human rights.

As of December 31, 2024, Cathay Bank employed approximately 1,266 regular full-time equivalent employees, of whom 1,226 were located in the United States and 40 were located in China, Hong Kong and Taiwan. Of the total number of employees, 749 are banking officers. None of the employees are represented by a union.

Talent Strategy and Inclusion

Talent recruitment and inclusion are the cultural hallmarks of Cathay Bank. We benefit from our staff offering a multiplicity of viewpoints, backgrounds and experiences, in service of our clients and the commercial and financial industries in which we work.

Our commitment to talent recruitment and retention enables us to draw from a remarkable wealth of talent to recruit and retain the best employees to provide innovative solutions for our clients' banking needs. The Bank is continuing its efforts on talent and inclusion with the Bank’s Board, and senior management.

In 2024, 79% of our employees are of Asian descent, 14% are members of non-Asian minority groups, and 7% are Caucasian. At the manager-level, 72% are of Asian descent, 14% are members of non-Asian minority groups, and 14% are Caucasian. 55% of our management-level positions are held by women, and 64% of our employees are women. Our 14 member Board of Directors consists of 12 members of minority racial/ethnic group descent and 36% of the Board seats are held by women.

Our commitment to inclusion extends to our community. We invest in affordable housing and renewable energy projects; in addition, we offer community checking and various affordable home ownership and loan programs serving the underbanked, and routinely engage in collaboration with local nonprofit organizations working together to build and cultivate lives in low-to-moderate income communities. We also promote inclusion among our supplier base, through the Cathay Bank Vendor Program. The program promotes the inclusiveness of the use of a wide range of suppliers to help contribute to long-term economic sustainability in our communities.

Grow, Engage and Elevate

The Bank believes that its future success is highly dependent upon its continued ability to attract qualified employees. As part of our efforts to attract and motivate employees, we offer a competitive compensation and benefits package that includes healthcare and 401(k) benefits, parental and family leave, holiday and paid time off, and tuition assistance.

Recruiting the best and brightest is just the beginning. Cathay Bank’s goal is to provide a robust platform that allows employees to truly grow, engage and elevate to their full potential. We believe every individual is integral to our success, and we strive to provide an engaging environment with training and development opportunities throughout one’s career.

Employee Learning and Development

We offer employees opportunities for both personal and professional growth and development. From instructor-led development training programs to inter-department transfer opportunities and a database library of self-developed online learning courses needed to succeed.

Cathay Bank’s skill-building programs are aligned with a common set of objectives and framework focused on compliance, technical, professional and management development. For example, our Emerging Leadership I Program for newly promoted supervisors and managers and our Emerging Leadership II Program for senior managers and leaders are designed to help employees enhance efficiency and communication effectiveness among team members in their current and future roles. There is an expectation that every employee has a development goal as a part of individual performance objectives.

Employee Health and Wellness

Cathay Bank manages organizational and personal health to gain insight into employees’ experiences, levels of workplace satisfaction, and feelings of engagement with the Bank. We have in place a Cathay Well-Being program since 2014, that encourages employees to stay active by enriching their wellbeing experiences through participation in a variety of fun and easy healthy habits and challenges with an added incentive to qualify for additional discounts on their medical premiums. As of December 31, 2024, we have 64% of our employees participating in the Well-Being program.

    6

Table of Contents

Executive Officers of the Registrant

The table below sets forth the names, ages, and positions at the Bancorp and the Bank of all executive officers of the Company as of February 14, 2025.

Name

Age

Present Position and Principal Occupation During the Past Five Years

Dunson K. Cheng          

80

Executive Chairman of the Boards of Directors of the Bancorp and the Bank since October 2016; Director of the Bancorp since 1990; Director of the Bank since 1982; Chairman of the Boards of Directors of the Bancorp and the Bank from 1994 to September 2016; President of the Bank from 1985 to March 2015; President and Chief Executive Officer of the Bancorp from 1990 to September 2016.

Chang M. Liu

58

President and Chief Executive Officer, and Director of the Bancorp since October 2020; Chief Executive Officer of the Bank since October 2020; Director of the Bank since October 2019; President of the Bank from October 2019 to September 2020; Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of the Bank from February 2019 to September 2019; Executive Vice President and Chief Lending Officer of the Bank from 2016 to 2019; Senior Vice President and Deputy Chief Lending Officer of the Bank from 2015 to 2016; Senior Vice President and Assistant Chief Lending Officer of the Bank from 2014 to 2015; Chief Lending Officer at Banc of California (formerly known as Pacific Trust Bank) from 2011 to 2014.

Heng W. Chen

72

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer of the Bancorp since 2003; Executive Vice President of the Bank since 2003; Chief Financial Officer of the Bank since 2004.

Diana G. Deen

62

Executive Vice President and Chief Risk Officer of the Bank since January 21, 2025; Executive Vice President, Head of Operational Risk for its Basel Operational Risk Program from 2018 to 2023 as well as Chief Ethics and Conduct Officer from 2022 to 2023 at Bank of the West which was acquired by Bank of Montreal in 2023; Executive Vice President, Head of International Risk Oversight at Wells Fargo from 2013 to 2017; and Managing Director, Head of Global Compliance Strategy, Technology and Operations at JPMorgan Chase from 2008 to 2013.

Albert Sun

70

Executive Vice President and Chief Credit Officer of the Bank since January 2024; Executive Vice President, Special Advisor to the Office of the President from September 2023 to December 2023; Chief Credit Officer of Piermont Bank from 2022 to 2023: Chief Credit Officer of Grasshopper Bank from 2017 to 2021; and Chief Credit Officer of East West Bank from 2015 to 2017.

Thomas M. Lo

63

Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer of Cathay Bank since September 2023; Executive Vice President and Director of Commercial and International Banking of Cathay Bank from 2018 to 2023; Senior Vice President, Deputy Director of International and Business Banking and Deputy to Head of International and Commercial Banking of East West Bank from 2010 to 2018; and Executive Vice President and Group Manager in Orange County of Preferred Bank from 2007 to 2010.

May K. Chan          

47

Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of Bancorp and the Bank since 2020; Sustainability Officer of Bancorp and the Bank since 2022; First Vice President and Associate General Counsel of Bancorp and the Bank from 2015 to 2020; Senior Counsel of Business Banking Group at Wells Fargo Bank from 2014 to 2015; and Senior Associate of the Finance Department at Latham & Watkins LLP from 2002 to 2011.

Available Information

We invite you to visit our website at www.cathaygeneralbancorp.com, to access free of charge the Bancorp's Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports, all of which are made available as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with or furnish it to the SEC. The content of our website is not incorporated into and is not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition, to obtain a free copy of any of those reports, you can write to us at Cathay General Bancorp, 9650 Flair Drive, El Monte, California 91731, Attn: Investor Relations. The SEC also maintains a website at http://www.sec.gov that contains the reports, proxy and information statements and other information we file with or furnish to them.

Regulation and Supervision 

General

The Bancorp and its bank and non-bank subsidiaries are subject to extensive regulation under federal and state statutes and regulations that, among other things, may affect our cost of doing business and financial performance, limit permissible activities and expansion or impact the competitive balance between us and other financial services providers. These statutes and regulations are intended primarily for the protection of depositors and the FDIC’s Deposit Insurance Fund, and secondarily for the stability of the U.S. banking system and are not intended for the benefit of stockholders of financial institutions.

      7

Table of Contents

The following discussion of certain statutes and regulations to which the Bancorp and the Bank are subject is a summary and does not purport to be complete nor does it address all applicable statutes and regulations. This discussion is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full statutes and regulations.

Bank Holding Company and Bank Regulation

The Bancorp is a bank holding company within the meaning of the Bank Holding Company Act and is registered as such with the Federal Reserve. The Bancorp is also a bank holding company within the meaning of Section 3700 of the California Financial Code. Therefore, the Bancorp and any of its subsidiaries are subject to examination by, and may be required to file reports with, the DFPI. DFPI approvals are also required for bank holding companies to acquire control of banks. As a California commercial bank, the deposits of which are insured by the FDIC, the Bank is subject to regulation, supervision, and regular examination by the DFPI and by the FDIC, as the Bank’s primary federal regulator, and must additionally comply with certain applicable regulations of the Federal Reserve.

The wide range of requirements and restrictions contained in federal and state banking laws include:

●

Requirements that bank holding companies and banks file periodic reports.

●

Requirements that bank holding companies and banks meet or exceed minimum capital requirements (see “Capital Adequacy Requirements” below).

●

Requirements that bank holding companies serve as a source of financial and managerial strength for their banking subsidiaries. In addition, the regulatory agencies have “prompt corrective action” authority to limit activities and require a limited guaranty of a required bank capital restoration plan by a bank holding company if the capital of a bank subsidiary falls below capital levels required by the regulators. (See “Source of Strength” and “Prompt Corrective Action Provisions” below.)

●

Limitations on dividends payable to Bancorp stockholders. The Bancorp’s ability to pay dividends is subject to legal and regulatory restrictions. A substantial portion of the Bancorp’s funds to pay dividends or to pay principal and interest on our debt obligations is derived from dividends paid by the Bank. (See “Dividends” below)

●

Limitations on dividends payable by bank subsidiaries. These dividends are subject to various legal and regulatory restrictions. The federal banking agencies have indicated that paying dividends that deplete a depositary institution’s capital base to an inadequate level would be an unsafe and unsound banking practice. Moreover, the federal agencies have issued policy statements that provide that bank holding companies and insured banks should generally only pay dividends out of current operating earnings. (See “Dividends” below)

●

Safety and soundness requirements. Banks must be operated in a safe and sound manner and meet standards applicable to internal controls, information systems, internal audit, loan documentation, credit underwriting, interest rate exposure, asset growth, and compensation, as well as other operational and management standards. These safety and soundness requirements give bank regulatory agencies significant latitude in exercising their supervisory authority and the authority to initiate informal or formal enforcement actions.

●

Requirements for notice, application and approval, or non-objection of acquisitions and certain other activities conducted directly or in subsidiaries of the Bancorp or the Bank.

●

Compliance with the Community Reinvestment Act. The CRA requires that banks help meet the credit needs in their communities, including the availability of credit to low and moderate income individuals. If the Bank fails to adequately serve its communities, restrictions may be imposed, including denials of applications for branches, for adding subsidiaries or affiliate companies, for engaging in new activities or for the merger with or purchase of other financial institutions. In its last reported examination by the FDIC in June 2019, the Bank received a CRA rating of “Satisfactory.”

●

Compliance with the Bank Secrecy Act, the USA Patriot Act, and other anti-money laundering laws (“AML”), and the regulations of the U.S. Treasury Department’s Office of Foreign Assets Control (“OFAC”). (See “Anti-Money Laundering and OFAC Regulations” below.)

●

Limitations on the amount of loans to one borrower and its affiliates and to executive officers and directors.

●

Limitations on transactions with affiliates.

●

Restrictions on the nature and amount of any investments in, and the ability to underwrite, certain securities.

●

Requirements for opening of intra- and interstate branches.

●

Compliance with truth in lending and other consumer protection and disclosure laws to ensure equal access to credit and to protect consumers in credit transactions. (See “Operations, Consumer and Privacy Compliance Laws” below.)

●

Compliance with provisions of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999 (“GLB Act”) and other federal and state laws dealing with privacy for nonpublic personal information of clients. The federal bank regulators have adopted rules limiting the ability of banks and other financial institutions to disclose non-public information about consumers to unaffiliated third parties. These limitations require disclosure of privacy policies to consumers and, in some circumstances, allow consumers to prevent disclosure of certain personal information to an unaffiliated third party. These regulations affect how consumer information is transmitted through diversified financial companies and conveyed to outside vendors.

      8

Table of Contents

Specific federal and state laws and regulations which are applicable to banks regulate, among other things, the scope of their business, their investments, their reserves against deposits, the timing of the availability of deposited funds, their activities relating to dividends, the nature and amount of and collateral for certain loans, servicing and foreclosing on loans, borrowings, capital requirements, certain check-clearing activities, branching, and mergers and acquisitions. California banks are also subject to statutes and regulations including Federal Reserve Regulation O and Federal Reserve Act Sections 23A and 23B and Regulation W, which restrict or limit loans or extensions of credit to “insiders,” including officers, directors, and principal shareholders, and affiliates, and purchases of assets from affiliates, including parent bank holding companies, except pursuant to certain exceptions and only on terms and conditions at least as favorable to those prevailing for comparable transactions with unaffiliated parties. The Dodd-Frank Act expanded definitions and restrictions on transactions with affiliates and insiders under Sections 23A and 23B, and also lending limits for derivative transactions, repurchase agreements and securities lending, and borrowing transactions.

The Bank operates branches and/or loan production offices in California, New York, Washington, Illinois, Texas, Maryland, Massachusetts, Nevada, and New Jersey. While the DFPI remains the Bank’s primary state regulator, the Bank’s operations in these jurisdictions are subject to examination and supervision by local bank regulators, and transactions with clients in those jurisdictions are subject to local laws, including consumer protection laws. The Bank also operates a branch in Hong Kong and a representative office in Beijing, Shanghai, and Taipei. The operations of these foreign offices and branches (and limits on the scope of their activities) are subject to local law and regulatory authorities in addition to regulation and supervision by the DFPI and the Federal Reserve.

The Dodd-Frank Act and the Growth Act

The Dodd-Frank Act financial reform legislation, adopted in July 2010, significantly revised and expanded the rulemaking, supervisory and enforcement authority of the federal bank regulatory agencies by implementing the following changes, among others:

●

capital standards that, among other things, increase capital requirements and eliminate the treatment of trust preferred securities as Tier 1 regulatory capital for bank holding companies with assets of $15.0 billion or more (our assets exceed the $15.0 billion threshold and, as a result, our outstanding junior subordinated notes no longer qualify as Tier 1 capital for regulatory reporting purposes);

●

restrictions on banking entities from engaging in proprietary trading, as well as having investments in, sponsoring, and maintaining relationships with hedge funds and private equity funds (commonly referred to as the “Volcker Rule”);

●

the establishment of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (“CFPB”) responsible for consumer protection in the financial services industry and to examine financial institutions with $10.0 billion or more in assets, such as the Company, for compliance with regulations promulgated by the CFPB;

●

additional risk management and other enhanced prudential standards for larger bank holding companies;

●

limitations on interchange fees charged for debit card transactions;

●

the revisions in the deposit insurance assessment base for FDIC insurance and the permanent increase in coverage to $250 thousand;

●

the permissibility of paying interest on business checking accounts;

●

the removal of barriers to interstate branching;

●

required disclosure and shareholder advisory votes on executive compensation; and

●

the establishment of new minimum mortgage underwriting standards for residential mortgages.

On May 24, 2018, the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act (the “Growth Act”) was signed into law. Among other relief, the Growth Act:

●

raises the asset threshold for annual company-run stress tests required under the Dodd-Frank Act from $10.0 billion to $100.0 billion;

●

raises the enhanced prudential supervision threshold for bank holding companies from $50.0 billion to $250.0 billion in total consolidated assets and the asset threshold for risk committee requirements for publicly traded bank holding companies from $10.0 billion to $50.0 billion; and

●

implements other changes that may help reduce regulatory burden for the Company and other mid-sized financial institutions, such as (i) prohibiting federal banking regulators from imposing higher capital standards on High Volatility Commercial Real Estate exposures unless they are for acquisition, development or construction; (ii) requiring amendments to the Liquidity Coverage Ratio Rule to treat all qualifying investment-grade, liquid and readily-marketable municipal securities as level 2B liquid assets, making them potentially more attractive alternative investments; (iv) directing the CFPB to provide guidance on certain disclosure requirements for mortgage assumption transactions and construction-to-permanent home loans; and (iv) not requiring appraisals for certain transactions in rural areas valued at less than $400 thousand.

      9

Table of Contents

On October 15, 2019, the FDIC adopted a final rule that revised the FDIC’s requirements for stress testing by FDIC supervised institutions, such as the Bank, to conform with the Growth Act by raising the minimum threshold for applicability from $10.0 billion to $250.0 billion. The final rule became effective on November 25, 2019. Notwithstanding these amendments to the stress testing requirements, the federal banking agencies indicated through interagency guidance that the capital planning and risk management practices of institutions with total assets less than $100.0 billion would continue to be reviewed through the regular supervisory process.

Notwithstanding the regulatory relief provided for mid-size financial institutions such as the Company that has resulted from the Growth Act, many provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act and its implementing regulations remain in place and will continue to result in additional operating and compliance costs that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operation. In addition to the Growth Act, various pending bills in Congress may offer some regulatory relief for mid-sized banking organizations of our size. We are uncertain about the scope, nature and timing of any regulatory relief, and its effect on us.

Capital Adequacy Requirements

Bank holding companies and banks are subject to various regulatory capital requirements administered by state and federal banking agencies. Capital adequacy guidelines and, additionally for banks, prompt corrective action regulations (see “Prompt Corrective Action Provisions” below), involve quantitative measures of assets, liabilities, and certain off-balance sheet items calculated under regulatory accounting practices. Capital amounts and classifications are also subject to qualitative judgments by regulators about components, risk weighting, and other factors. The risk-based capital guidelines for bank holding companies and banks require capital ratios that vary based on the perceived degree of risk associated with a banking organization’s operations for both transactions reported on the balance sheet as assets, such as loans, and those recorded as off-balance sheet items, such as commitments, letters of credit and recourse arrangements. The risk-based capital ratio is determined by classifying assets and certain off-balance sheet financial instruments into weighted categories, with higher levels of capital being required for those categories perceived as representing greater risks and dividing its qualifying capital by its total risk-adjusted assets and off-balance sheet items. Bank holding companies and banks engaged in significant trading activity may also be subject to the market risk capital guidelines and be required to incorporate additional market and interest rate risk components into their risk-based capital standards.

The federal bank regulatory agencies adopted final regulations in July 2013, which revised their risk-based and leverage capital requirements for banking organizations to meet requirements of the Dodd-Frank Act and to implement Basel III international agreements reached by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision.

The following are among the requirements under the Basel III Capital Rules that became effective on January 1, 2015:

●

An increase in the minimum Tier 1 capital ratio from 4.00% to 6.00% of risk-weighted assets.

●

A required 4.50% of risk-weighted assets ratio is established for “common equity Tier 1” as a subset of Tier 1 capital limited to common equity.

●

A minimum non-risk-based leverage ratio is set at 4.00% eliminating a 3.00% exception for higher rated banks.

●

Changes in the permitted composition of Tier 1 capital to exclude trust preferred securities (other than certain grandfathered trust preferred securities issued), mortgage servicing rights and certain deferred tax assets and include unrealized gains and losses on available for sale debt and equity securities.

●

An additional capital conservation buffer of 2.5% of risk weighted assets over each of the required capital ratios must be met to avoid limitations in the ability of the Bank to pay dividends, repurchase shares or pay discretionary bonuses.

●

The risk-weights of certain assets for purposes of calculating the risk-based capital ratios are changed for high volatility commercial real estate acquisition, development and construction loans, certain past due non-residential mortgage loans and certain mortgage-backed and other securities exposures.

●

An additional “countercyclical capital buffer” is required for larger and more complex institutions.

Under the Basel III Capital Rules, after taking into account the capital conservation buffer, the Bancorp and the Bank must maintain the following minimum ratios: (i) a Tier 1 leverage ratio of 4.0%, (ii) a common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 4.5%, plus the capital conservation buffer, effectively resulting in a minimum common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 7.0%, (iii) a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 6.0%, plus the capital conservation buffer, effectively resulting in a minimum common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 8.5%, and (iv) a total risk-based capital ratio of 8.0%, plus the capital conservation buffer, effectively resulting in a minimum total risk-based capital ratio of 10.5%. To be considered “well capitalized,” a bank holding company or bank must have the following minimum ratios: (i) a Tier 1 leverage ratio of 5.0%, (ii) a common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 6.5%, (iii) a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 8.0%, and (iv) a total risk-based capital ratio of 10.0%.

Failure to meet statutorily mandated capital guidelines or more restrictive ratios separately established for a financial institution could subject a bank or bank holding company to a variety of enforcement remedies, including issuance of a capital directive, the termination of deposit insurance by the FDIC, a prohibition on accepting or renewing brokered deposits, limitations on the rates of interest that the institution may pay on its deposits and other restrictions on its business. Significant additional restrictions can be imposed on FDIC-insured depository institutions that fail to meet applicable capital requirements under the regulatory agencies’ prompt corrective action authority.

At December 31, 2024, (i) the Bancorp’s and the Bank’s common equity Tier 1 capital ratios were 13.54% and 13.84%, respectively; (ii) their total risk-based capital ratios were 15.08% and 14.76% respectively; (iii) their Tier 1 risk-based capital ratios were, 13.54% and 13.84% respectively; and (iv) their leverage capital ratios were, respectively, 10.96% and 11.20% respectively all of which exceeded the minimum percentage requirements to be deemed “well-capitalized” for regulatory purposes.

      10

Table of Contents

Bank regulators may also continue their past policies of expecting banks to maintain additional capital beyond the requirements of the Basel III Capital Rules. The federal banking agencies may also require banks and bank holding companies subject to enforcement actions to maintain capital ratios in excess of the minimum ratios otherwise required to be deemed “well-capitalized. The implementation of the Basel III Capital Rules or more stringent requirements to maintain higher levels of capital or to maintain higher levels of liquid assets could adversely impact the Bancorp’s net income and return on equity, restrict the ability of the Bank and/or the Bancorp to pay dividends or executive bonuses and require the raising of additional capital.

In December 2017, the Basel Committee published “Basel IV” standards to finalize the Basel III regulatory reforms. According to the Basel Committee, Basel IV is intended to, among other things, reduce variability in risk weighted assets by implementing a standardized approach for operation risk and credit risk to replace model-based approaches for certain categories of risk weighted assets, and by reducing the scope of model-based parameters and implementing exposure-level parameter floors where model-based approaches remain available. Under the Basel framework, these standards were effective on January 1, 2023, with an aggregate output floor phasing in through January 1, 2028. The impact of Basel IV on us will depend on the manner in which it is implemented by the federal bank regulators.

Prompt Corrective Action Provisions 

The Federal Deposit Insurance Act (the “FDI Act”) requires the federal bank regulatory agencies to take “prompt corrective action” with respect to a depository institution if that institution does not meet certain capital adequacy standards, including requiring the prompt submission of an acceptable capital restoration plan. Depending on the bank’s capital ratios, the agencies’ regulations define five categories in which an insured depository institution will be placed: well-capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized, and critically undercapitalized. At each successive lower capital category, an insured bank is subject to more restrictions, including restrictions on the bank's activities, operational practices or the ability to pay dividends. Based upon its capital levels, a bank that is classified as well-capitalized, adequately capitalized, or undercapitalized may be treated as though it were in the next lower capital category if the appropriate federal banking agency, after notice and opportunity for hearing, determines that an unsafe or unsound condition, or an unsafe or unsound practice, warrants such treatment. A bank’s capital category is determined solely for the purpose of applying the prompt corrective action regulations and the capital category may not constitute an accurate representation of the bank’s overall financial condition or prospects for other purposes.

The FDI Act generally prohibits a depository institution from making any capital distributions (including payment of a dividend) or paying any management fee to its parent holding company, if the depository institution would thereafter be “undercapitalized.” “Undercapitalized” institutions are subject to growth limitations and are required to submit capital restoration plans. If a depository institution fails to submit an acceptable plan, it is treated as if it is “significantly undercapitalized.” “Significantly undercapitalized” depository institutions may be subject to a number of requirements and restrictions, including orders to sell sufficient voting stock to become “adequately capitalized,” requirements to reduce total assets, and cessation of receipt of deposits from correspondent banks. “Critically undercapitalized” institutions are subject to the appointment of a receiver or conservator. The capital classification of a bank holding company and a bank affects the frequency of regulatory examinations, the bank holding company’s and the bank’s ability to engage in certain activities and the deposit insurance premium paid by the bank.

As of December 31, 2024, the Bancorp and the Bank met all requirements to be considered well-capitalized under the Basel III Capital Rules.

Volcker Rule

In December 2013, the federal bank regulatory agencies adopted final rules that implement a part of the Dodd-Frank Act commonly referred to as the “Volcker Rule.” In the fall of 2019, the federal banking regulatory agencies adopted revised rules to simplify and tailor the Volcker Rules. The revised rules became effective on January 1, 2020, with a compliance date of January 1, 2021. The revised rules continue to restrict banking entities subject to the Volcker Rule, including the Bancorp and the Bank and its subsidiaries, from engaging in activities that are considered proprietary trading and from sponsoring or investing in certain entities, including hedge or private equity funds that are considered “covered funds,” subject to certain exceptions. The revised rules provide regulatory relief by tailoring application of the Volcker Rule based on the level of trading assets and liabilities, simplifying certain standards and requirements, and reducing compliance burden. Effective October 1, 2020, the amendments to the Volcker Rule modified the provisions for certain existing covered fund exclusions, including loan securitizations and public welfare and small business funds, and added certain additional covered fund exclusions, including credit funds and venture capital funds.  In June 2020, the federal agencies adopted new regulations that exempted venture capital funds from the definition of “covered funds” under the Volcker Rule, so the Bancorp’s remaining venture capital funds can be held indefinitely.

We believe that the Volcker Rule does not require any material changes in our operations or business or security holdings.

CFPB Actions 

The Dodd-Frank Act provided for the creation of the CFPB as an independent entity within the Federal Reserve with broad rulemaking, supervisory, and enforcement authority over consumer financial products and services, including deposit products, residential mortgages, home-equity loans and credit cards. The CFPB’s functions include investigating consumer complaints, conducting market research, rulemaking, supervising and examining bank consumer transactions, and enforcing rules related to consumer financial products and services. CFPB regulations and guidance apply to all financial institutions and banks with $10.0 billion or more in assets, which are also subject to examination by the CFPB. As the Bank has more than $10.0 billion in assets, it is examined for compliance with CFPB regulation by the CFPB in addition to examinations of the Bank by the FDIC and the DFPI.

The CFPB has enforcement authority over unfair, deceptive or abusive acts and practices (“UDAAP”). UDAAP is considered one of the most far reaching new enforcement tools at the disposal of the CFPB and covers all consumer and small business financial products or services such as deposit and lending products or services such as overdraft programs and third-party payroll card vendors. It is a wide-ranging regulatory net that potentially picks up the gaps not included in other consumer laws, rules and regulations. Violations of UDAAP can be found in many areas and can include advertising and marketing materials, the order of processing and paying items in a checking account or the design of client overdraft programs. The scope of coverage includes not only direct interactions with clients and prospects but also actions by third-party service providers. The Dodd-Frank Act does not prevent states from adopting stricter consumer protection standards. State regulation of financial products and potential enforcement actions could also adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.

Additionally, in 2014, the CFPB adopted revisions to Regulation Z, which implement the Truth in Lending Act, pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act, and apply to all consumer mortgages (except home equity lines of credit, timeshare plans, reverse mortgages, or temporary loans). The revisions mandate specific underwriting criteria for home loans in order for creditors to make a reasonable, good faith determination of a consumer's ability to repay and establish certain protections from liability under this requirement for “qualified mortgages” meeting certain standards. In particular, it will prevent banks from making “no doc” and “low doc” home loans, as the rules require that banks determine a consumer’s ability to pay based in part on verified and documented information. We do originate certain “low doc” loans that meet specific underwriting criteria.  Given the small volume of such loans, we do not believe that this regulation will have a significant impact on our operations.

      11

Table of Contents

Risk Committee Framework

Pursuant to Federal Reserve Board regulations promulgated under authority of the Dodd-Frank Act, as originally adopted, as a publicly traded bank holding company with $10.0 billion in assets, we were required and have established and maintained a risk committee responsible for enterprise-wide risk management practices, comprised of an independent chairman and at least one risk management expert. We expect to maintain our risk committee, although we are no longer required to have a risk committee under the Growth Act unless and until we reach $50.0 billion in assets. The risk committee approves and periodically reviews the risk-management policies of the Bancorp’s global operations and oversees the operations of its risk-management framework. The bank holding company’s risk-management framework must be commensurate with its structure, risk profile, complexity, activities and size. At a minimum, the framework must include policies and procedures establishing risk-management governance and providing for adequate risk-control infrastructure for the bank holding company’s operations. In addition, the framework must include processes and systems to monitor compliance with the foregoing policies and procedures, including processes and systems designed to identify and report risk-management risks and deficiencies; ensure effective implementation of actions to address emerging risks and risk-management deficiencies; designate managerial and staff responsibility for risk management; ensure the independence of the risk-management function; and integrate risk-management and associated controls with management goals and the management compensation structure.

Interchange Fees

Under the Durbin Amendment to the Dodd-Frank Act, the Federal Reserve adopted rules establishing standards for assessing whether the interchange fees that may be charged with respect to certain electronic debit transactions are “reasonable and proportional” to the costs incurred by issuers for processing such transactions.

Interchange fees, or “swipe” fees, are charges that merchants pay to us and other card-issuing banks for processing electronic payment transactions. Under the final rules, the maximum permissible interchange fee is equal to no more than 21 cents plus 5 basis points of the transaction value for many types of debit interchange transactions. The Federal Reserve also adopted a rule to allow a debit card issuer to recover 1 cent per transaction for fraud prevention purposes if the issuer complies with certain fraud-related requirements required by the Federal Reserve. The Federal Reserve also has rules governing routing and exclusivity that require issuers to offer two unaffiliated networks for routing transactions on each debit or prepaid product.

Anti-Money Laundering and OFAC Regulations

A major focus of governmental policy on financial institutions in recent years has been aimed at combating money laundering and terrorist financing through AML and OFAC regulations. AML laws and regulations, including the Bank Secrecy Act and the U.S.A. Patriot Act, require us to assist U.S. government agencies in detecting and preventing money laundering and other illegal acts by maintaining policies, procedures and controls designed to detect and report money laundering, terrorist financing, and other suspicious activity. The AML program must include, at a minimum, a designated compliance officer, written policies, procedures and internal controls, training of appropriate personnel and independent testing of the program, and a client identification program.

OFAC administers and enforces economic and trade sanctions against targeted foreign countries and regimes, under authority of various laws, including designated foreign countries, nationals and others. OFAC publishes lists of specially designated targets and countries. We and our bank are responsible for, among other things, blocking accounts of, and transactions with, such targets and countries, prohibiting unlicensed trade and financial transactions with them and reporting blocked transactions after their occurrence.

Regulatory authorities routinely examine financial institutions for compliance with these obligations, and any failure by us to maintain and implement adequate programs to combat money laundering and terrorist financing, or to comply with all of the relevant laws or regulations, could have serious legal and reputational consequences, including causing applicable bank regulatory authorities not to approve merger or acquisition transactions when regulatory approval is required or to prohibit such transactions even if approval is not required. Regulatory authorities have imposed cease and desist orders and civil money penalties against institutions found to be violating these obligations.

Additional Restrictions on Bancorp and Bank Activities

Subject to prior notice or Federal Reserve approval, bank holding companies may generally engage in, or acquire shares of companies engaged in, activities determined by the Federal Reserve to be so closely related to banking or managing or controlling banks as to be a proper incident thereto. Bank holding companies which elect and retain “financial holding company” status pursuant to the GLB Act may engage in these nonbanking activities and broader securities, insurance, merchant banking and other activities that are determined to be “financial in nature” or are incidental or complementary to activities that are financial in nature without prior Federal Reserve approval. Pursuant to the GLB Act and the Dodd-Frank Act, in order to elect and retain financial holding company status, a bank holding company and all depository institution subsidiaries of a bank holding company must be well capitalized and well managed, and, except in limited circumstances, depository subsidiaries must be in satisfactory compliance with the CRA. Failure to sustain compliance with these requirements or correct any non-compliance within a fixed time period could lead to divestiture of subsidiary banks or require all activities to conform to those permissible for a bank holding company. The Bancorp has not elected financial holding company status and does not believe it has engaged in any activities determined by the Federal Reserve to be financial in nature or incidental or complementary to activities that are financial in nature, which would, in the absence of financial holding company status, require notice or Federal Reserve approval.

Pursuant to the FDI Act and the California Financial Code, California state chartered commercial banks may generally engage in any activity permissible for national banks. Therefore, the Bank may form subsidiaries to engage in the many so-called “closely related to banking” or “nonbanking” activities commonly conducted by national banks in operating subsidiaries or subsidiaries of bank holding companies. Further, pursuant to the GLB Act, California banks may conduct certain “financial” activities in a subsidiary to the same extent as a national bank, provided the bank is and remains “well-capitalized,” “well-managed” and in satisfactory compliance with the CRA. The Bank currently has no financial subsidiaries.

Source of Strength

Federal Reserve policy and federal law require bank holding companies to act as a source of financial and managerial strength to their subsidiary banks. Under this requirement, Bancorp is expected to commit resources to support the Bank, including at times when Bancorp may not be in a financial position to provide such resources, and it may not be in Bancorp’s, or Bancorp’s stockholders’ or creditors’, best interests to do so. In addition, any capital loans Bancorp makes to the Bank are subordinate in right of payment to depositors and to certain other indebtedness of the Bank. In the event of Bancorp’s bankruptcy, any commitment by Bancorp to a federal bank regulatory agency to maintain the capital of the Bank will be assumed by the bankruptcy trustee and entitled to priority of payment.

    12

Table of Contents

Enforcement Authority

The federal and California regulatory structure gives the bank regulatory agencies extensive discretion in connection with their supervisory and enforcement activities and examination policies, including policies with respect to the classification of assets and the establishment of adequate loan loss reserves for regulatory purposes. The regulatory agencies have adopted guidelines to assist in identifying and addressing potential safety and soundness concerns before an institution’s capital becomes impaired. The guidelines establish operational and managerial standards generally relating to: (i) internal controls, information systems, and internal audit systems; (ii) loan documentation; (iii) credit underwriting; (iv) interest-rate exposure; (v) asset growth and asset quality; (vi) loan concentration; and (vii) compensation, fees, and benefits. Further, the regulatory agencies have adopted safety and soundness guidelines for asset quality and for evaluating and monitoring earnings to ensure that earnings are sufficient for the maintenance of adequate capital and reserves.

The federal and California regulatory structure subjects the Bancorp and the Bank to regular examination by their respective regulatory agencies, which results in examination reports and ratings that, although not publicly available, can affect the conduct and growth of our businesses. These examinations consider not only compliance with applicable laws and regulations, but also capital levels, asset quality and risk, management ability and performance, earnings, liquidity, and various other factors. If, as a result of an examination, the DFPI or the FDIC should determine that the financial condition, capital resources, asset quality, earnings prospects, management, liquidity, or other aspects of the Bank’s operations are unsatisfactory or that the Bank or its management is violating or has violated any law or regulation, the DFPI and the FDIC have residual authority to:

●

Require affirmative action to correct any conditions resulting from any violation or practice;

●

Direct an increase in capital and the maintenance of higher specific minimum capital ratios, which may preclude the Bank from being deemed “well-capitalized” and restrict its ability to accept certain brokered deposits, among other things;

●

Restrict the Bank’s growth geographically, by products and services, or by mergers and acquisitions;

●

Issue, or require the Bank to enter into, informal or formal enforcement actions, including required Board resolutions, memoranda of understanding, written agreements and consent or cease and desist orders or prompt corrective action orders to take corrective action and cease unsafe and unsound practices;

●

Require prior approval of senior executive officer or director changes, remove officers and directors, and assess civil monetary penalties; and

●

Terminate FDIC insurance, revoke the Bank’s charter, take possession of, close and liquidate the Bank, or appoint the FDIC as receiver.

The Federal Reserve has similar enforcement authority over bank holding companies and commonly takes parallel action in conjunction with actions taken by a subsidiary bank’s regulators.

In the exercise of their supervisory and examination authority, the regulatory agencies have recently emphasized corporate governance, stress testing, enterprise risk management and other board responsibilities; anti-money laundering compliance and enhanced high-risk client due diligence; vendor management; cyber security and fair lending and other consumer compliance obligations.

Deposit Insurance

The FDIC is an independent federal agency that insures deposits, up to prescribed statutory limits, of federally insured banks and savings institutions and safeguards the safety and soundness of the banking and savings industries. The FDIC insures our client deposits through the Deposit Insurance Fund (the “DIF”) up to prescribed limits of $250 thousand for each depositor pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act. The amount of FDIC assessments paid by each DIF member institution is based on its relative risk of default as measured by regulatory capital ratios and other supervisory factors. As an institution with $10.0 billion or more in assets, the FDIC uses a performance score and a loss-severity score to calculate an initial assessment rate for the Bank. In calculating these scores, the FDIC uses the Bank’s capital level and regulatory supervisory ratings and certain financial measures to assess the Bank’s ability to withstand asset-related stress and funding-related stress. The FDIC also has the ability to make discretionary adjustments to the total score based upon significant risk factors that are not adequately captured in the calculations. In addition to ordinary assessments described above, the FDIC has the ability to impose special assessments in certain instances.

Pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act, the FDIC has established 2.0% as the designated reserve ratio (DRR), that is, the ratio of the DIF to insured deposits. The FDIC adopted a plan under which it met the statutory minimum DRR of 1.35% (formerly 1.15%) before September 30, 2020, the deadline imposed by the Dodd-Frank Act. According to the FDIC, the DRR reached 1.36% of total deposits as of September 30, 2018.

We are generally unable to control the amount of assessments that we are required to pay for FDIC insurance. If there are additional bank or financial institution failures or if the FDIC otherwise determines, we may be required to pay even higher FDIC assessments than the recently increased levels. These increases in FDIC insurance assessments may have a material and adverse effect on our earnings and could have a material adverse effect on the value of, or market for, our common stock.

Under the FDI Act, the FDIC may terminate deposit insurance upon a finding that the institution has engaged in unsafe and unsound practices, is in an unsafe or unsound condition to continue operations, or has violated any applicable law, regulation, rule, order or condition imposed by the FDIC.

In 2023, the FDIC Board of Directors approved a final rule to implement a special assessment to recover the loss to the Deposit Insurance Fund (DIF) associated with protecting uninsured depositors following the closures of Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank. The Federal Deposit Insurance Act (FDI Act) requires the FDIC to take this action in connection with the systemic risk determination announced on March 12, 2023.  See further discussion under Operational Risks.

      13

Table of Contents

Dividends 

Holders of the Bancorp’s common stock are entitled to receive dividends as and when declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefore under the laws of the State of Delaware. Delaware corporations such as the Bancorp may make distributions to their stockholders out of their surplus, or in case there is no surplus, out of their net profits for the fiscal year in which the dividend is declared and/or the preceding fiscal year. However, dividends may not be paid out of a corporation’s net profits if, after the payment of the dividend, the corporation’s capital would be less than the capital represented by the issued and outstanding stock of all classes having a preference upon the distribution of assets.

It is the Federal Reserve’s policy that bank holding companies should generally pay dividends on common stock only out of income available over the past year, and only if prospective earnings retention is consistent with the organization’s expected future needs and financial condition. It is also the Federal Reserve’s policy that bank holding companies should not maintain dividend levels that undermine their ability to be a source of strength to their banking subsidiaries. The Federal Reserve also discourages dividend policy payment ratios that are at maximum allowable levels unless both asset quality and capital are very strong.

The terms of our Junior Subordinated Notes also limit our ability to pay dividends on our common stock. If we are not current on our payment of interest on our Junior Subordinated Notes, we may not pay dividends on our common stock. The amount of future dividends by the Bancorp will depend on our earnings, financial condition, capital requirements and other factors, and will be determined by our board of directors in accordance with the capital management and dividend policy.

The Bank is a legal entity that is separate and distinct from its holding company. The Bancorp is dependent on the performance of the Bank for funds which may be received as dividends from the Bank for use in the operation of the Bancorp and the ability of the Bancorp to pay dividends to stockholders. Future cash dividends by the Bank will also depend upon management’s assessment of future capital requirements, contractual restrictions, and other factors. The Basel III Capital Rules restrict dividends by the Bank if the capital conservation buffer is not achieved.

The power of the board of directors of the Bank to declare cash dividends to the Bancorp is subject to California law, which restricts the amount available for cash dividends to the lesser of a bank’s retained earnings or net income for its last three fiscal years (less any distributions to stockholders made during such period). Where the above test is not met, cash dividends may still be paid, with the prior approval of the DFPI, in an amount not exceeding the greatest of (i) retained earnings of the Bank; (ii) the net income of the Bank for its last fiscal year; or (iii) the net income of the Bank for its current fiscal year. Future cash dividends by the Bank will also depend upon management’s assessment of future capital requirements, contractual restrictions, and other factors.

Operations, Consumer and Privacy Compliance Laws

The Bank must comply with numerous federal and state anti-money laundering and consumer protection statutes and implementing regulations, including the USA Patriot Act, the Bank Secrecy Act, the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act, the CRA, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, as amended by the Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Truth in Lending Act, the Fair Housing Act, the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, the National Flood Insurance Act, the California Homeowner Bill of Rights and various federal and state privacy protection laws. The Bank and the Company are also subject to federal and state laws prohibiting unfair or fraudulent business practices, untrue or misleading advertising, and unfair competition. Some of these laws are further discussed below:

The Equal Credit Opportunity Act (“ECOA”) generally prohibits discrimination in any credit transaction, whether for consumer or business purposes, on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, marital status, age, receipt of income from public assistance programs, or good faith exercise of any rights under the Consumer Credit Protection Act.

The Truth in Lending Act (“TILA”) is designed to ensure that credit terms are disclosed in a meaningful way so that consumers may compare credit terms more readily and knowledgeably. As a result of the TILA, all creditors must use the same credit terminology to express rates and payments, including the annual percentage rate, the finance charge, the amount financed, the total of payments and the payment schedule, among other things.

The Fair Housing Act (“FH Act”) regulates many practices, including making it unlawful for any lender to discriminate in its housing-related lending activities against any person because of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, handicap or familial status. A number of lending practices have been found by the courts to be, or may be considered, illegal under the FH Act, including some that are not specifically mentioned in the FH Act itself.

The Home Mortgage Disclosure Act (“HMDA”) grew out of public concern over credit shortages in certain urban neighborhoods and provides public information that will help show whether financial institutions are serving the housing credit needs of the neighborhoods and communities in which they are located. The HMDA also includes a “fair lending” aspect that requires the collection and disclosure of data about applicant and borrower characteristics as a way of identifying possible discriminatory lending patterns and enforcing anti-discrimination statutes.

Finally, the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act (“RESPA”) requires lenders to provide borrowers with disclosures regarding the nature and cost of real estate settlements. Also, RESPA prohibits certain abusive practices, such as kickbacks, and places limitations on the amount of escrow accounts. Penalties under the above laws may include fines, reimbursements and other civil money penalties.

      14

Table of Contents

Due to heightened regulatory concern related to compliance with the CRA, TILA, FH Act, ECOA, HMDA and RESPA generally, the Bank may incur additional compliance costs or be required to expend additional funds for investments in its local community.

The Federal Reserve and other bank regulatory agencies also have adopted guidelines for safeguarding confidential, personal client information. These guidelines require financial institutions to create, implement and maintain a comprehensive written information security program designed to ensure the security and confidentiality of client information, protect against any anticipated threats or hazards to the security or integrity of such information and protect against unauthorized access to or use of such information that could result in substantial harm or inconvenience to any client. Financial institutions are also required to implement policies and procedures regarding the disclosure of nonpublic personal information about consumers to non-affiliated third parties. In general, financial institutions must provide explanations to consumers on policies and procedures regarding the disclosure of such nonpublic personal information and, except as otherwise required by law, prohibits disclosing such information. The Bank has adopted a client information security and privacy program to comply with such requirements.

Operations, consumer and privacy compliance laws and regulations also mandate certain disclosure and reporting requirements and regulate the manner in which financial institutions must deal with clients when taking deposits, making loans, collecting loans, and providing other services. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations can subject the Bank to lawsuits and penalties, including enforcement actions, injunctions, fines or criminal penalties, punitive damages to consumers, and the loss of certain contractual rights.

In addition, privacy and data protection are areas of increasing state legislative focus, and several states have recently enacted consumer privacy laws that impose compliance obligations with respect to personal information. For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (the “CCPA”), which became effective on January 1, 2020, applies to for-profit businesses that conduct business in California and meet certain revenue or data collection thresholds. The CCPA gives consumers the right to request disclosure of information collected about them, and whether that information has been sold or shared with others, the right to request deletion of personal information (subject to certain exceptions), the right to opt out of the sale of the consumer’s personal information, and the right not to be discriminated against for exercising these rights. The CCPA contains several exemptions, including for information that is collected, processed, sold or disclosed pursuant to the GLB Act. In November 2020, California voters approved the California Privacy Rights Act (“CPRA”), a ballot measure that amends and supplements the CCPA by creating the California Privacy Protection Agency, a watchdog privacy agency to be appointed shortly after the CPRA’s enactment. The CPRA also modifies the CCPA by expanding both the scope of businesses covered by the law and certain rights relating to personal information and its use, collection, and disclosure by covered businesses.

In May 2018, the European Union ("EU") adopted a comprehensive general data privacy regulation ("GDPR") that, among other things, implements greater review of data processing activities and higher fines and sanctions for non-compliance with data protection legislation. The GDPR also extends the territory of EU privacy rules to non-EU organizations that offer goods or services to or monitor EU citizen behaviors and sets forth compliance obligations and penalties for non-compliance. We believe the applicability of the GDPR to us is minimal since we do not offer good or services to EU residents or monitor their behaviors. Other foreign, federal, state or local governments, including in states and countries which we do business, may try to implement similar or other privacy legislation, which, among other effects, could result in different privacy standards for different geographical regions, restrict our ability to do business and increase our costs of doing business.

Environmental Regulations

In the course of the Bank’s business, the Bank may foreclose and take title to real estate and could be subject to environmental liabilities with respect to these properties. The Bank may be held liable to a governmental entity or to third parties for property damage, personal injury, investigation and clean-up costs incurred by these parties in connection with environmental contamination or may be required to investigate or clear up hazardous or toxic substances, or chemical releases at a property. In some cases, environmental laws ascribe liability without respect to contribution to the contamination in question or the lawfulness of disposal at the time it occurred. The costs associated with investigation or remediation activities could be substantial. In addition to existing regulations, federal and state-level regulation regarding certain environmental and social disclosures are emerging and compliance with future regulation will likely increase our compliance-related costs. See