Item 1.

Business

Unless the context otherwise requires, throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the words “TMTG,” “we,” “us,” “our” or the
            “Company” refer to Trump Media & Technology Group Corp. and its subsidiaries (as applicable).  The mission of TMTG is to end Big Tech’s assault on free speech by opening up the Internet and giving people their voices back. TMTG operates
            Truth Social, a social media platform established as a safe harbor for free expression amid increasingly harsh censorship by Big Tech corporations, as well as Truth+, a TV streaming platform focusing on family-friendly live TV channels and
            on-demand content. TMTG is also launching Truth.Fi, a financial services and FinTech brand incorporating America First investment vehicles.

Overview

As further detailed in this Annual Report, TMTG ended 2024 with approximately $776.8 million of cash,
            cash equivalents, and short-term investments, as well as approximately $9.6 million of debt (excluding lease liabilities) arising from its acquisition of substantially all the assets of WorldConnect Technologies, LLC.

Truth Social

TMTG aspires to build a media and technology powerhouse to rival the liberal media consortium and promote free expression. TMTG
            was founded to fight back against the Big Tech companies—Meta (Facebook, Instagram, and Threads), X (formerly Twitter), Netflix, Alphabet (Google), Amazon and others—that it believes have colluded to curtail debate in America and censor voices
            that contradict “woke” ideology. TMTG aims to safeguard public debate and open dialogue, and to provide a platform for all users to freely express themselves.

TMTG Sub Inc. (formerly known as Trump Media & Technology Group Corp.) (“
Private TMTG
”) was incorporated on February 8, 2021, and launched its first product, Truth Social, which is a social media platform aiming to end Big Tech’s assault on free speech by opening up the
            internet and giving the American people their voices back. It is a public, real-time platform where users can create content, follow other users, and engage in an open and honest global conversation without fear of being censored or cancelled
            due to their political viewpoints. TMTG does not restrict whom a user can follow, which it believes will greatly enhance the breadth and depth of available content. Additionally, users can be followed by other users without requiring a
            reciprocal relationship, enhancing the ability of TMTG users to reach a broad audience.

Truth Social was generally made available in the first quarter of 2022. TMTG prides itself on operating its platform, to the
            best of its ability, without relying on Big Tech companies. Partnering with pro-free-speech alternative technology firms, Private TMTG fully launched Truth Social for iOS in April 2022. Private TMTG debuted the Truth Social web application in
            May 2022, and the Truth Social Android App became available in the Samsung Galaxy and Google Play stores in October 2022. Private TMTG introduced direct messaging to all versions of Truth Social in 2022, released a “Groups” feature for users in
            May 2023, and announced the general availability of Truth Social internationally in June 2023.

To foster a flourishing digital public forum, TMTG seeks to prevent illegal and other prohibited content from contaminating its platform. In
          accordance with Truth Social’s terms of service, illegal and prohibited content includes, but is not limited to a) sexual content or language; b) content that includes sexual activity, sexual intercourse or any type of sexual act; c) any content
          that portrays or suggest explicit sexual acts or sexually suggestive positions or poses; d) sexually suggestive (explicit or vague) statements, texts or phrases; or e) content in which sexual acts are requested or offered, including pornography,
          prostitution, sugar babies, sex trafficking or sexual fetishes. Using human moderators and an artificial intelligence vendor known as HIVE, Truth Social has developed what TMTG believes is a robust, fair, and viewpoint-neutral moderation system
          and that its moderation practices are consistent with, and indeed help facilitate, TMTG’s objective of maintaining “a public, real-time platform where any user can create content, follow other users, and engage in an open and honest global
          conversation without fear of being censored or cancelled due to their political viewpoints.”

7

Table of Contents

Truth+

Private TMTG conducted extensive technological due diligence and testing regarding a particular, state-of-the-art technology that supports
          video streaming and provides a “home” for cancelled content creators, and which TMTG has worked to acquire and incorporate into its product offerings and/or services as soon as practicable. On April 16, 2024, TMTG announced that, after nine
          months of testing on its Web and iOS platforms, the Company has finished the research and development phase of a new live TV streaming platform and expects to begin scaling up its own content delivery network (“
CDN
”)

          branded as Truth+.

TMTG announced plans to roll out its streaming content in three phases:

•

Phase 1: Introduce Truth Social’s CDN for streaming live TV to the Truth Social app for Android, iOS, and Web.  On August 7, 2024, TMTG announced that TV streaming via
                    Truth Social had become available via all three modalities.

•

Phase 2: Release stand-alone Truth Social over-the-top streaming apps for phones, tablets, and other devices.  As of October 21, 2024, TMTG had announced that Truth+
                    streaming had been released as a standalone product on Android, iOS, and Web.

•

Phase 3: Release Truth Social streaming apps for home TV.  As of October 23, 2024, TMTG had announced that Truth+ streaming had been released on Apple TV, Android TV, and
                    Amazon Fire TV.

Truth.Fi

On January 29, 2025, TMTG announced its financial technology strategy, which will include the launch of the financial services and FinTech
          brand Truth.Fi, including the investment of up to $250 million to be custodied by Charles Schwab. In addition to traditional investment vehicles, these funds may be allocated to customized separately managed accounts; customized exchange-traded
          funds; and Bitcoin and similar cryptocurrencies or crypto-related securities.

Such initiatives and acquisitions are subject to material changes and risks, some of which are beyond TMTG’s control. Given these
          uncertainties, TMTG believes it is premature for TMTG to predict when it will attain profitability and positive cash flows from its operations.

Company Growth Strategy

As TMTG seeks to create a fully integrated media and technology company, it is pursuing these growth strategies:

Grow Truth Social. 
TMTG believes that growth in Truth
            Social’s user base will drive more unique content, which in turn will drive the viral, organic promotion of content on Truth Social, thereby attracting more platform partners and advertisers. TMTG also plans to grow Truth Social through the
            addition and refinement of user-friendly features — including the integration of video — and continued global expansion. As Truth Social attracts more users, the value proposition for advertisers increases, thereby incentivizing advertisers to
            develop unique and compelling content for the platform.

Increase Product Offerings and Services.
 Organically
            and/or in partnership with third parties, TMTG intends to continue developing additional cutting-edge products and/or services, including Truth+ and Truth.Fi, to complement the Truth Social platform and expand the Truth ecosystem.

Pursue Strategic Acquisitions and/or Partnerships.
 With
            cancel culture having swept through corporate America, businesses have faced increasing pressure to silence or disavow certain customers and/or have often taken controversial stands on political issues that alienated many consumers.
            Concurrently, an increasing number of entrepreneurs are catering to conservatives across various industries. TMTG will continue to explore opportunities to partner, merge with and/or acquire other participants in this growing America First
            Economy that would benefit from TMTG’s technology and branding—and that are able to function effectively if TMTG evolves into a holding company with numerous, largely autonomous subsidiaries in a variety of industries.

8

Table of Contents

Company Products and Services

See above regarding Truth Social, Truth+, and Truth.Fi.

Description of Business

The mission of TMTG is to end 
Big Tech’s
 assault on free
            speech by opening up the Internet and giving people their voices back. TMTG operates Truth Social, a social media platform established as a safe harbor for free expression amid increasingly harsh censorship by Big Tech corporations, as well as
            Truth+, a TV streaming platform focusing on family-friendly live TV channels and on-demand content. TMTG is also launching Truth.Fi, a financial services and FinTech brand incorporating America First investment vehicles.  TMTG will continue to
            explore opportunities to partner, merge with and/or acquire other participants in this growing America First Economy that would benefit from TMTG’s technology and branding—and that are able to function effectively if TMTG evolves into a holding
            company with numerous, largely autonomous subsidiaries in a variety of industries.

Competition

The industries in which TMTG operates or plans to operate—social media, streaming video, and financial products—are all highly competitive.
          TMTG aims to successfully compete with other platforms and service providers by offering high-quality products, maintaining a steadfast commitment to free speech, and leveraging its unique brand.

Mergers and Acquisitions

Business Combination

On October 20, 2021, Digital World Acquisition Corp. (now known as Trump Media & Technology Group Corp.) (prior to the
            closing of the Business Combination, “
Digital World
”), DWAC Merger Sub Inc. (“
Merger

Sub
”), Private TMTG, ARC Global Investments II, LLC (which was replaced and succeeded by RejuveTotal LLC, a New Mexico limited
            liability company, effective as of March 14, 2024), in the capacity as the representative of the stockholders of Digital World, and Private TMTG’s General Counsel in his capacity as the representative of the stockholders of Private TMTG,
            entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (as amended, the “
Merger Agreement
”), pursuant to which, among other transactions, Merger Sub merged with and
            into Private TMTG, with Private TMTG continuing as the surviving corporation and as a wholly owned subsidiary of TMTG (the “
Merger
” and, together with the
            other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, the “
Business Combination
”). On March 25, 2024 (the “
Closing Date
”), the Business Combination was consummated (the “
Closing
”).

In connection with the Business Combination, all shares of Private TMTG common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective
          time of the Closing (the “
Effective Time
”)  (other than those properly exercising any applicable dissenters’ rights under Delaware law) were exchanged for the Merger Consideration (as defined in the Merger
          Agreement) (or, as applicable, the separate and additional consideration received by former holders of Private TMTG Convertible Notes issued by Private TMTG). Each Private TMTG Convertible Note that was outstanding immediately prior to the
          Closing was automatically converted immediately prior to the Effective Time into a number of shares of Private TMTG common stock, in accordance with each such Private TMTG Convertible Note as set forth therein. At the Closing, Digital World
          Acquisition Corp. changed its name to “Trump Media & Technology Group Corp.” and Private TMTG changed its name to “TMTG Sub Inc.”

Notwithstanding the legal form of the Merger pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the Merger was accounted for as a reverse recapitalization in
          accordance with U.S. GAAP because Private TMTG was determined to be the accounting acquirer under ASC 805. The determination was primarily based on the evaluation of the following facts and circumstances taking into consideration:

•

The pre-combination equity holders of Private TMTG hold the majority of voting rights in TMTG;

9

Table of Contents

•

The pre-combination equity holders of Private TMTG have the right to appoint the majority of the directors on TMTG’s Board;

•

Private TMTG senior management (executives) are the senior management (executives) of TMTG; and

•

Operations of Private TMTG comprise the ongoing operations of TMTG.

Under the reverse recapitalization model, the Merger is treated as Private TMTG issuing equity for the net assets of Digital World, with no
          goodwill or intangible assets recorded.

As of the Closing, (i) President Donald J. Trump beneficially held approximately 57.6% of the outstanding shares of TMTG common
            stock and (ii) the public stockholders of TMTG held approximately 21.9% of the outstanding shares of TMTG common stock.  As of the date of this Annual Report, 
Donald J. Trump Revocable Trust
            dated April 7, 2014 (the “
Trust
”), of which President Donald J. Trump is the sole beneficiary,
 beneficially owns approximately 52.1% of the voting
              power of the outstanding TMTG common stock, including 36,000,000 Earnout Shares (as defined in the Merger Agreement). President Trump’s entitlement to the Earnout Shares was officially determined by TMTG on April 26, 2024 in accordance with
              the Merger Agreement, after which President Trump was issued the Earnout Shares.

WorldConnect Technologies

On July 3, 2024, TMTG, WorldConnect Technologies, L.L.C. (“
WCT
”), WorldConnect IPTV Solutions, LLC (“
Solutions
”) and JedTec, L.L.C. (“
JedTec
”) entered into an asset acquisition agreement (the “
Asset Acquisition Agreement
”),
          pursuant to which TMTG agreed to acquire substantially all of the assets of WCT or its affiliate, which mainly included certain agreements, including an option agreement (the “
Option Agreement
”), dated
          February 5, 2024, by and between WCT, Perception Group, Inc., Perception TVCDN Ltd., and FORA, FOrum RAčunalništva, d.o.o., as amended (each of the parties thereto other than WCT, collectively, “
Perception
”),

          as well as ancillary agreements related to the source code purchase (the “
Source Code Purchase Agreement
”) and support and maintenance (the “
Support and Maintenance
            Agreement
”, together with the Source Code Purchase Agreement, the “
CDN Agreements
”). The transaction closed on August 9, 2024, the date which was two business days after the Company implemented the
          Perception Software and Network (as defined below) with all back-end API services having become generally available on iOS, Google/Android, and web media services and with streaming enabled from at least one data-center (the “
Closing Date
”).

Pursuant to the Option Agreement, on the Closing Date, WCT assigned to the Company the CDN Agreements, which are expected to be used for the
          roll out of the CDN technology for the Truth platform (the updated version of the Company’s Truth Social web and mobile application with streaming enabled using intellectual property obtained from Perception, the “
Perception

            Software and Network
”). In addition, Perception and its affiliates agreed not to use or permit other parties to use the Source Code (as defined below) until August 9, 2029 for any purpose that competes, in the United States, with the
          Truth platform or commercialization of such Source Code in the United States. In addition, the Option Agreement grants the (i) option to purchase Perception, subject to a future negotiation of the price and terms of such acquisition and (ii)
          right of first refusal to purchase Perception in the event of a bona fide written offer from an unaffiliated third party to purchase more than 50% of the assets of Perception. The Company does not have any current intention to exercise those
          rights.

Pursuant to the Asset Acquisition Agreement, on the Closing Date, the Company agreed to issue to Solutions and JedTec as consideration up to
          5,100,000 shares (the “
Shares
”) of TMTG common stock, 2,600,000 shares of which were issued on the Closing Date and 2,500,000 shares of were issued upon the satisfaction of certain Milestones (as defined in
          the Asset Acquisition Agreement). In addition, with respect to all of the Shares, for a period of 12 months after the Closing Date, neither JedTec, Solutions nor their respective affiliates will be permitted to collectively sell an amount of the
          Shares during any consecutive two trading week period (the “
Two Week Sale Period
”) exceeding the “Set Percentage.” For the purposes of this restriction, the “Set Percentage” means a percentage of the
          average daily trading volume of the common stock during the immediately preceding two consecutive trading weeks as reported on primary exchange on which the common stock is traded (i.e., currently the NASDAQ) (the “
Prior Two Week ADTV
”). Unsold amounts from a Two Week Sale Period do not carry over to a subsequent Two Week Sale Period. The “Set Percentage” is 3% for the first nine months after the Closing Date and 5% from six to 12 months
          after the Closing Date. For example, if during the first nine months after the Closing date, a Prior Two Week ADTV is 5,000,000 shares, restricted holders cannot sell more than 150,000 shares during the following Two Week Sale Period. Under the
          same fact pattern during six to 12 months after the Closing Date, restricted holders could not sell more than 250,000 shares during such Two Week Sale Period.

10

Table of Contents

Concurrently with the execution of the Asset Acquisition Agreement, and as a condition and inducement to the willingness of the Company to
          enter into it, WCT exercised the Option Agreement and entered into the Source Code Purchase Agreement and the Support and Maintenance Agreement, which agreements were assigned to the Company on the Closing Date. Under the Source Code Purchase
          Agreement, Perception agreed to sell a copy of the source code of the software related to the CDN technology (“
Source Code
”) and grant the WCT (which grant was assigned under the Asset Acquisition Agreement
          to the Company) an irrevocable, non-exclusive, worldwide, perpetual right and license to forever retain, copy, reproduce, use, modify, enhance, create modifications and derivative works of, display, distribute, perform, compile, execute,
          sublicense, and otherwise exploit the Source Code and all resulting compiled software for commercial exploitation. The purchase price of $17,500,000 is payable by the Company in four installments to be completed by the third anniversary of the
          execution date of the Source Code Purchase Agreement.  Further to supplement the Source Code Purchase Agreement, WCT entered into a Support and Maintenance Agreement, under which Perception is to assist TMTG in commercializing the Source Code to
          develop, launch, and grow the platform. The acquisition of the Source Code is effective as of the Closing Date. Pursuant to the Asset Acquisition Agreement, TMTG will assume on the Closing Date WCT’s rights and obligations under the Source Code
          Purchase Agreement and the Support and Maintenance Agreement. In connection with the Source Code Agreement, TMTG entered into a source code escrow agreement related to the sale of the Source Code. Pursuant to such agreement, Perception deposited
          a copy of the Source Code into an escrow account. Subject to certain terms and conditions, immediately after the  Closing Date, the escrow agent will hold the Source Code until Perception receives the full purchase price of $17,500,000 for the
          Source Code. Upon full payment, the Source Code and any modifications will be released to TMTG.

TMTG entered into a registration rights agreement with Solutions and JedTec on the Closing Date, pursuant to which TMTG agreed to file a
          registration statement with the SEC to register for resale the Shares within 15 days following the Closing Date upon receiving a demand for registration from WCT. TMTG filed the registration statement on August 23, 2024, and it became effective
          on September 5, 2024.  TMTG will use its reasonable best efforts to cause such registration statement to remain effective until all the Shares covered by such registration statement have been sold.

Future Developments

TMTG will continue to explore opportunities to partner, merge with and/or acquire other participants in this growing America First Economy
            that would benefit from TMTG’s technology and branding—and that are able to function effectively if TMTG evolves into a holding company with numerous, largely autonomous subsidiaries in a variety of industries.

Intellectual Property

One of the core strengths of TMTG’s business is its intellectual property portfolio and unique experience, both of which guide product
          development activities and TMTG’s approach to intellectual property filings.

TMTG’s future success and competitive position depend in part upon its ability to obtain and maintain protection of its proprietary
          technologies. TMTG also relies on a combination of non-disclosure agreements and other contractual provisions, as well as its employees’ commitment to confidentiality and loyalty, to protect TMTG’s technology and processes. Further, as noted
          above, TMTG Sub has entered into the License Agreement with President Donald J. Trump, and DTTM Operations, LLC, for the right to use the likeness of President Donald J. Trump.

Private TMTG entered into a royalty-free License, Likeness, Exclusivity and Restrictive Covenant Agreement (the “
License Agreement
”) with President Donald J. Trump and DTTM Operations, LLC, an entity that licenses President Donald J. Trump’s name and regulates his personal media assets and is beneficially wholly owned by President Donald J.
          Trump. The License Agreement required Private TMTG to pay $100 upon the execution of this License Agreement and that such amount constituted full consideration and a fully paid-up royalty covering the entire term of the License Agreement for the
          licenses granted in the License Agreement. Private TMTG did not, and, as of the date of this Annual Report, TMTG Sub has not, paid any other amounts to President Donald J. Trump pursuant to the License Agreement.

11

Table of Contents

The operative version of the License Agreement allows TMTG to use “Trump Media & Technology Group Corp.” as its name and to use the name
          and likeness of President Donald J. Trump, subject to certain limitations.  The License Agreement includes a provision that obligates President Donald J. Trump to make any non-political social media post from any of his personal (i.e.,
          non-business) accounts on Truth Social and to refrain from making the same post on another social media site for 6 hours (the “
Exclusivity Obligation
”). Thereafter, he is free to post on any site to which
          he has access. Thus, TMTG has limited time to benefit from his posts and followers may not find it compelling to use Truth Social to read his posts that quickly.

In addition, President Trump may make any post that he deems, in his sole discretion, to related to government, politics, or similar topics (“
Political Related Posts
”) on any social media site at any time, regardless of whether that post originates from a personal account. Most or all of Donald J. Trump’s posts as President of the United States may
          be deemed by him to be Political Related Posts. TMTG may lack any meaningful remedy if President Donald J. Trump minimizes his future use of Truth Social and/or broadly construes the definition of Political Related Posts.

President Donald J. Trump may terminate the Exclusivity Obligation upon thirty days prior written notice provided at any time on or after
          February 2, 2025. From and after termination of the Exclusivity Obligation, President Donald J. Trump must make reasonable, good faith efforts to contemporaneously post on Truth Social any non-political posts that he makes from a personal account
          to another social media platform. However, that obligation is also subject to the exception for Political Related Posts.

TMTG seeks to protect its intellectual property rights by relying on federal, state, and common law rights in the United States and other
          countries, as well as contractual restrictions. TMTG will enter into confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with its employees and contractors, and confidentiality agreements with other third parties, in order to limit access to, and
          disclosure and use of, TMTG’s confidential information and proprietary technology. In addition to these contractual arrangements, TMTG also relies on a combination of trademarks filed in the name of T Media Tech LLC, trade dress, domain names,
          copyrights, trade secrets and patents to help protect its brand and its other intellectual property.

On February 14, 2023, a trademark for “TRUTH SOCIAL” in classes 21 and 25 was registered with U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (“
USPTO
”) by T Media Tech LLC for use with cups, mugs and certain types of clothing. Trademark applications for “Truth Social” in classes 9 and 42; for “TRUTHSOCIAL” in classes 9, 35, 38, 41, 42 and 45; and for
          “TRUTHPLUS” in classes 9, 35, 38, 41, and 42 are the subject of suspension notices received from USPTO on October 24, 2022; February 14, 2023 and February 17, 2023, respectively, in each case based on alleged similarity to existing registered
          (and pending) trademarks. In particular, the USPTO has issued non-final rejections of all of the foregoing applications to register marks for use with a social media network or a streaming video service. Although TMTG or an affiliate pursued
          certain appeal rights, there can be no assurance that TMTG will be able to overcome the objections of the trademark examiner or that the challenged marks will be approved. Several additional trademark applications remain pending, but have not
          been the subject of final adverse action by USPTO.

TMTG may be unable to obtain patent or trademark protection for its technologies and brands, and any patents or trademarks that may be issued
          in the future, may not provide TMTG with competitive advantages or distinguish its products and services from those of its competitors. In addition, any patents and trademarks may be contested, circumvented, or found unenforceable or invalid, and
          TMTG may not be able to prevent third parties from infringing, diluting or otherwise violating them. For example, TMTG is currently challenging an apparent bad faith registrations of the Truth Social trademark in the European Union.

12

Table of Contents

Companies in the internet, technology, and media industries own large numbers of patents, copyrights, trademarks, and trade secrets and
          frequently enter into litigation based on allegations of infringement, misappropriation, or other violations of intellectual property or other rights. In addition, various “non-practicing entities” that own patents and other intellectual property
          rights often attempt to aggressively assert their rights in order to extract value from technology companies. TMTG expects to face future allegations that TMTG has infringed or otherwise violated the patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade
          secrets, and other intellectual property rights of third parties, including its competitors and non-practicing entities. As TMTG faces increasing competition and as its business grows, TMTG will likely face more intellectual property-related
          claims and litigation matters. For additional information, see the sections titled “
Risk Factors — Risks Related to TMTG’s Business — If TMTG’s trademarks and other proprietary rights are not adequately protected
            to prevent use or appropriation by TMTG’s competitors, the value of TMTG’s brand and other intangible assets may be diminished, and TMTG’s business may be adversely affected. The USPTO has issued a non-final rejection of TMTG’s affiliate’s
            applications to register the trademarks “Truth Social” and “TRUTHSOCIAL” for use with a social media network because of alleged similarity to other registered and pending trademarks. If TMTG is unable to overcome the objections of the trademark
            examiner to successfully register the pending “Truth Social” and “TRUTHSOCIAL” trademarks with the USPTO and otherwise protect TMTG’s intellectual property, the value of TMTG’s brand and other intangible assets may be diminished, TMTG may be
            forced to rebrand its offerings, and TMTG’s business may be adversely affected
.”

Government Regulation

TMTG is subject to a number of U.S. federal and state and foreign laws and regulations that involve matters central to TMTG’s business. These
          laws and regulations may involve privacy, rights of publicity, data protection, content regulation, intellectual property, competition, protection of minors, consumer protection, taxation, or other subjects. Many of these laws and regulations are
          still evolving and being tested in courts and could be interpreted in ways that could harm TMTG’s business and revenue. In addition, the application and interpretation of these laws and regulations often are uncertain, particularly in the new and
          rapidly evolving industry in which TMTG operates.

TMTG is also subject to federal, state and foreign laws regarding privacy and the protection of user data.  For additional
            information, see the section titled “
Risk Factors — Legal, Regulatory, Compliance, and Governance Risks — TMTG’s reputation, competitive advantage, financial position and relationships with its
              users could be materially harmed if TMTG is unable to comply with complex and evolving data protection and privacy, security, and breach of notification laws and regulations, and the costs and resources required to achieve compliance may have
              a materially adverse impact
.”

Available Information

Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to reports filed pursuant to
          Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Exchange Act are filed with the SEC. We are subject to the informational requirements of the Exchange Act and file or furnish reports, proxy statements, and other information with the SEC. Such reports and other
          information filed by us with the SEC are available free of charge on our website at https://tmtgcorp.com/ when such reports are available on the SEC’s website.

The SEC maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file
          electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov.

The contents of the websites referred to above are not incorporated into this filing. Further, our references to the URLs for these websites
          are intended to be inactive textual references only.

Human Capital Resources

As of December 31, 2024, TMTG had approximately 29 full-time employees. None of TMTG’s employees are subject to a collective bargaining
          agreement. TMTG has never experienced a material work stoppage or disruption to its business relating to employee matters. We consider our relationship with our employees to be good.

13

Table of Contents

Our human capital resources objectives include, as applicable, identifying, recruiting, retaining, incentivizing and integrating our existing
          and new employees.

Corporate Information

Our executive offices are located at 401 N. Cattlemen Rd., Ste. 200, Sarasota, Florida 34232. Our telephone number is (941) 735-7346. Our
          website is 
https://tmtgcorp.com/.
 Information contained on our website or connected thereto does not constitute part of, and is not incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report.

Recent Developments

Standby Equity Purchase Agreement

On July 3, 2024, the Company entered into the Standby Equity Purchase Agreement (“
SEPA
”) with YA II
            PN, LTD., a Cayman Islands exempt limited partnership (“
Yorkville
”). Pursuant to the SEPA, the Company shall have the right, but not the obligation, to sell to Yorkville up to $2,500,000,000 of its Common
            Stock, subject to certain limitations and conditions set forth in the SEPA, from time to time during the term of the SEPA. A registration statement covering the resale of 37,644,969 shares of Common Stock by Yorkville (Commission file number
            333-280691) was filed on Form S-1 (the “
Registration Statement
”) in accordance with the SEPA and was declared effective by the SEC on July 15, 2024.

The per share subscription price Yorkville will pay for the shares is 97.25% of the Market Price during a one- or three-day pricing period
            elected by the Company. The “Market Price” is defined in the SEPA as the lowest daily VWAP (as defined below) during the one trading day, in the case of a one-day pricing period, or of the three consecutive trading days, in the case of a
            three-day pricing period, commencing on the trading day on which the Company delivers an Advance Notice to Yorkville. “VWAP” means, for any trading day, the daily volume weighted average price of the Company’s Common Stock for such date on
            NASDAQ as reported by Bloomberg L.P. during regular trading hours. There is no upper limit on the subscription price per share that Yorkville could be obligated to pay for the shares.

Yorkville is not obligated to subscribe to any shares under the SEPA which, when aggregated with all other shares of Common Stock then
            beneficially owned by Yorkville and its affiliates (as calculated pursuant to Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “
Exchange Act
”), and Rule 13d-3 promulgated thereunder),
            would result in the beneficial ownership by Yorkville and its affiliates to exceed 4.99% of the outstanding voting power or number of the Company’s Common Stock (the “
Beneficial Ownership Limitation
”).

As consideration for Yorkville’s commitment to purchase shares at the Company’s direction upon the terms and subject to the
              conditions set forth in the SEPA, on July 3, 2024 the Company agreed to pay YA Global II SPV, LLC, a subsidiary of Yorkville, (i) a structuring fee in the amount of $25,000 and (ii) a commitment fee in the form of 200,000 shares of Common
              Stock (the “
Commitment Shares
”). EF Hutton LLC (“
EF Hutton
”)
              acted as the exclusive placement agent in connection with the transactions contemplated by the SEPA, for which the Company issued to EF Hutton 125,000 shares of Common Stock (the “
Placement Agent Shares
”).

The Company shall not effect any sales under the SEPA and Yorkville shall not have any obligation to purchase shares under the SEPA to the
          extent that after giving effect to such purchase and sale the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock issued under the SEPA together with any shares of Common Stock issued in connection with any other transactions that may be considered part
          of the same series of transactions, where the average price of such sales would be less than $31.73 and the number of shares issued would exceed the number of shares representing 19.99% of the outstanding voting common stock as of June 25, 2024
          (the “
Exchange Cap
”).

During the year ended December 31, 2024, Yorkville purchased 20,330,365 shares of Common Stock for prices between $14.31 and
            $36.98 per share, pursuant to the terms of the SEPA. Proceeds of these equity sales under the terms of the SEPA were approximately $449.9 million (net of approximately $0.5 million of offering costs). Such issuances were in reliance upon the
            exemption provided in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The proceeds from such sales were used for working capital and general corporate purposes.

14

Table of Contents

As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Company had offered and sold 20,530,365 shares of common stock to Yorkville pursuant to
          the SEPA, including the Commitment Shares.

Litigation

Except as indicated below, to the knowledge of our Management Team, there is no litigation currently pending or
            contemplated against us, or against any of our property.

Litigation with United Atlantic Ventures (“UAV”) in Delaware

On July 30, 2021, an attorney for the Trump Organization, on behalf of President Trump, declared void ab initio a services agreement that had
          granted Private TMTG, among other things, extensive intellectual property and digital media rights related to President Trump for purposes of commercializing the various Private TMTG initiatives (the “
Services
            Agreement
”). Neither Private TMTG nor Digital World was a party to such agreement. On each of January 18, 2024 and February 9, 2024, Digital World received letters from counsel to UAV, a party to the Services Agreement. The letters
          contained certain assertions and enclosed a copy of the Services Agreement that had been declared void two and a half years earlier. Specifically, counsel for UAV claims that the Services Agreement grants UAV rights to (1) appoint two directors
          to TMTG and its successors (i.e., TMTG after the Business Combination), (2) approve or disapprove of the creation of additional TMTG shares or share classes and anti-dilution protection for future issuances, and (3) a $1.0 million expense
          reimbursement claim. In addition, UAV asserts that the Services Agreement is not void ab initio and claims that certain events following the July 30, 2021 notification support its assertion that such Services Agreement was not void. On February
          6, 2024, a representative of UAV sent a text message to a representative of a noteholder of TMTG suggesting that UAV might seek to enjoin the Business Combination. On February 9, 2024, Private TMTG received from counsel to UAV a letter similar to
          those letters received by Digital World, which also threatened Private TMTG with legal action regarding UAV’s alleged rights in Private TMTG, including, if necessary, an action to enjoin consummation of the Business Combination.

On February 28, 2024, UAV filed a verified complaint against Private TMTG in the Chancery Court seeking declaratory and
            injunctive relief relating to the authorization, issuance, and ownership of stock in Private TMTG and filed a motion for expedited proceedings (C.A. No. 2024-0184-MTZ). On March 4, 2024, UAV filed an amended complaint, converting their action
            from a direct action to a purported derivative action, and adding members of the Private TMTG board as defendants. On March 9, 2024, the Chancery Court held a hearing to decide UAV’s motion to expedite proceedings. During the oral argument,
            Private TMTG agreed that any additional shares of Private TMTG issued prior to or upon the consummation of the Business Combination would be placed in escrow pending a resolution of the dispute between the parties. The Chancery Court entered an
            order consistent with the foregoing on March 15, 2024, and scheduled a status conference for April 1, 2024. On April 2, 2024, UAV filed a motion for leave to file a second amended complaint together with a motion for preliminary injunction and
            a motion for contempt and anti-suit injunction related to Private TMTG’s filing of a separate litigation against UAV and others in Florida state court. Private TMTG maintains that the contempt claims are meritless. On April 9, 2024, the
            Chancery Court granted the motion for leave to file a second amended complaint and re-assigned the case to a new judge. On April 11, 2024, UAV filed its second amended complaint, naming the prior Defendants together with five new
            defendants—TMTG and the current directors on the TMTG Board who were not on Private TMTG’s board of directors. On April 22, 2024, all of the Defendants moved to vacate the Chancery Court’s prior order expediting the matter. Additionally, all of
            the Defendants moved to dismiss the second amended complaint. Following briefing and oral argument on the motion to vacate, on April 30, 2024, the Chancery Court vacated the prior provisions of the March 15 order expediting the matter. On May
            6, 2024, UAV filed its Renewed Motion for Contempt of the March 15, 2024 Order against Private TMTG (“
First Contempt Motion
”) seeking, among other things,
            to enjoin Private TMTG and related parties from prosecuting certain claims in Florida state court. On May 8, 2024, the Chancery Court stayed discovery and granted a protective order with respect to all discovery served on Defendants and all
            other persons from whom discovery was being sought.

15

Table of Contents

On June 5, 2024, UAV filed for leave to again amend its complaint. The Chancery Court granted the motion for leave to amend on July 8, 2024,
          and UAV filed its Third Amended Complaint on July 9, 2024. The Third Amended Complaint dismissed as defendants three current TMTG directors (W. Kyle Green, Linda McMahon, and Robert Lighthizer) and added four former Digital World directors (Frank
          J. Andrews, Patrick F. Orlando, Edward J. Preble, and Jeffrey A. Smith). On July 17, 2024, UAV filed a second contempt motion against Private TMTG and TMTG (“
Second Contempt Motion
”) alleging additional
          violations of the March 15 Order. On August 27, 2024, the Chancery Court denied both the First Contempt Motion and the Second Contempt Motion. On July 23, 2024, all of the defendants with the exception of Patrick F. Orlando moved to dismiss the
          Third Amended Complaint. On September 17, 2024, Mr. Orlando moved to dismiss the Third Amended Complaint. On October 8, 2024, UAV voluntarily dismissed Mr. Orlando with prejudice. The remaining defendants’ motions to dismiss are fully briefed,
          and remain pending subject to ongoing briefing of defendants’ motion to dismiss or stay on the basis of temporary Presidential immunity.

Lawsuit against ARC, Patrick Orlando, UAV, Andrew Litinsky, and Wesley Moss in Florida

On February 26, 2024, representatives of ARC Global Investments II, LLC (“
ARC
”) claimed to Digital
          World that after a “more comprehensive” review, the conversion ratio for Digital World Class B common stock into Digital World Class A common stock upon the completion of the Business Combination was approximately 1.8:1. ARC’s new claim also
          contradicted the previous assertion by Patrick Orlando, the managing member of ARC, that the conversion ratio was 1.68:1. Digital World’s board of directors viewed these claims as an attempt by Mr. Orlando to secure personal benefits, breaching
          his fiduciary duty to Digital World and its shareholders. Digital World and Private TMTG initiated a lawsuit against ARC in the Civil Division for the Twelfth Judicial Circuit Court in Sarasota County, Florida, on February 27, 2024 (Docket No.
          2024-CA-001061-NC). The complaint sought a declaratory judgment affirming the appropriate conversion ratio as 1.34:1, as previously disclosed, damages for tortious interference with the contractual and business relationship between Private TMTG
          and Digital World, and damages for conspiracy with unnamed co-conspirators to interfere with the same. The complaint also sought damages for Mr. Orlando’s breach of fiduciary duty, which exposed Digital World to regulatory liability and resulted
          in an $18 million penalty, and for his continuous obstruction of Digital World’s merger with Private TMTG to extort various concessions that benefited only him and harmed Digital World and its shareholders. Furthermore, the complaint sought
          damages for the wrongful assertion of dominion over Digital World’s assets inconsistent with Digital World’s possessory rights over those assets. On March 8, 2024, Digital World voluntarily dismissed its declaratory judgment claim against ARC. On
          March 17, 2024, Digital World and Private TMTG filed an amended complaint, adding a claim for violation of Florida’s Deceptive and Unfair Trade Practices Act. Digital World further alleged breach of fiduciary duty of loyalty, breach of fiduciary
          duty of care, and conversion claims against Mr. Orlando. With respect to ARC, Digital World alleged aiding and abetting a breach of fiduciary duty. On April 3, 2024, Defendants ARC and Mr. Orlando filed a joint motion to dismiss the amended
          complaint or, in the alternative, to stay the proceeding pending the Delaware Action (C.A. No. 2024-0184-MTZ). Defendants ARC and Mr. Orlando also filed that same day a motion to stay discovery in the action.

On May 29, 2024, Digital World moved to compel discovery from ARC and Mr. Orlando. On July 15, 2024, following a July 10 hearing, the Court
          entered an order denying the motion to stay discovery and motion to compel. On July 29, 2024, the Court entered an order denying the motion to dismiss or, in the alternative, to stay the proceeding for improper venue. Defendants ARC and Orlando
          appealed that order, which is scheduled for oral argument on March 19, 2025. On August 2, 2024, Defendants ARC and Mr. Orlando filed a motion to stay pending appeal in the trial court. On July 31, 2024, Digital World and Private TMTG filed a
          motion for leave to file a second amended complaint, which proposed to add allegations against ARC and Orlando related to pre-targeting and other misconduct as set forth in the SEC Complaint against Orlando, and naming UAV, Andrew Litinsky, and
          Wesley Moss as additional defendants. On August 15, 2024, Digital World and Private TMTG filed a motion for temporary injunction seeking to enjoin the threatened sale of Digital World stock by Defendant ARC and one of the new defendants proposed
          to be added through the motion for leave to file a second amended complaint. On August 28, 2024, Digital World and Private TMTG filed a renewed motion to compel, seeking prior productions to the SEC and DOJ and other documents from Defendants ARC
          and Mr. Orlando. On August 30, 2024, the trial court held a hearing to address several motions. During the hearing, the Court granted Digital World and Private TMTG’s motion for leave to amend and denied their motion for temporary injunction. The
          trial court also denied the motion to stay pending appeal filed by Defendants ARC and Mr. Orlando. On September 3, 2024, Digital World and Private TMTG filed the Second Amended Complaint. On September 4, 2024, Digital World and Private TMTG filed
          an expedited motion to compel, seeking production of ARC’s capitalization table, supporting documents, and an order requiring ARC to cooperate with Digital World and Private TMTG in advance of the expiration of the lock-up restriction. On
          September 5, 2024, Defendants ARC and Mr. Orlando filed a motion to stay pending appeal in the Second District Court of Appeal, which the Second District denied on October 18, 2024 (C.A. No. 2D2024-1780). On September 12, 2024, the Court granted
          in part and denied in part the expedited motion to compel, ordering production of the capitalization table and supporting documents by September 13, 2024, at 12 p.m. On that same day, Defendants ARC and Mr. Orlando filed a notice of removal in
          the Middle District of Florida (C.A. No. 8:24-cv-02161). On September 13, 2024, Digital World and Private TMTG filed an emergency motion to remand to state court in the Middle District of Florida, which the Middle District granted on September
          17, 2024. On September 18, 2024, Digital World and Private TMTG filed an emergency motion for temporary injunction and contempt against ARC and Mr. Orlando in the state court action. On that same day, the Court held a hearing during which it
          granted Digital World and Private TMTG’s motion for contempt, imposed a coercive sanction against ARC and Mr. Orlando of $5,000 per day until they complied with the Court’s September 12 discovery order, and denied their motion for temporary
          injunction. Defendants ARC and Orlando have appealed that order (C.A. No. 2D2024-2364).

16

Table of Contents

On September 20, 2024, ARC filed its answer, defenses, and affirmative defenses to the Second Amended Complaint. On September 26, 2024,
          Defendants ARC and Orlando filed a motion to compel. On October 1, 2024, Digital World and Private TMTG filed a motion for an order to show cause why ARC and Mr. Orlando should not be held in further contempt and subject to increased sanctions
          for their failure to comply with the Court’s September 18 contempt order. On October 3, 2024, Mr. Orlando filed an amended motion to dismiss the Second Amended Complaint or, alternatively, to stay the action. On October 15, 2024, ARC filed an
          amended answer, defenses, and affirmative defenses to the Second Amended Complaint, counterclaim, and third-party complaint, naming 9 additional defendants: Luis Orleans-Braganza, Lee Jacobson, Bruce J. Garelick, Justin Shaner, Eric Swider,
          Rodrigo Veloso, Ed Preble, Frank Andrews, and Jeffrey Smith. On October 21, 2024, UAV, Wesley Moss, and Andrew Litinsky jointly filed 3 motions: a motion to dismiss the Second Amended Complaint for failure to state a cause of action, motion to
          stay pending resolution of the Delaware Action, and motion to dismiss for improper venue. On November 1, 2024, Digital World and Private TMTG filed a supplemental brief in support of the October motion for order to show cause and a fee petition
          to recover attorneys’ fees pursuant to the September 18 contempt order.

On November 18, 2024, the Court granted in part the October motion for order to show cause, ordering, 
inter
            alia
, the appointment of a third-party vendor to re-collect all devices and files from ARC and Orlando and run search terms and a sanction against ARC and Orlando of $5,000 per day from September 18 to November 8, 2024. Defendants ARC
          and Orlando have filed a motion for leave to amend their petition to appeal the September 18 order to include an appeal of the November 18 order (C.A. No. 2D2024-2364). On November 21, 2024, Third-Party Defendant Shaner filed a motion to dismiss
          ARC’s third-party complaint, which the Court denied on December 13, 2024. On December 6, 2024, the Court granted in part the September 26 motion to compel filed by Defendants ARC and Orlando. On December 16, 2024, Digital World and Private TMTG
          filed a fee petition to recover attorneys’ fees pursuant to the November 18 contempt order. On December 27, 2024, Defendants ARC and Orlando filed a motion for order to show cause for failure to comply with the December 6 order. On January 3,
          2025, Digital World and Private TMTG and Third-Party Defendants Swider, Preble, Andrews, and Smith jointly filed a motion to dismiss ARC’s counterclaims and third-party complaint. On January 8, 2025, Third-Party Defendant Garelick filed a motion
          to dismiss ARC’s counterclaims and third-party complaint. On January 10, 2025, Defendants ARC and Orlando filed a motion to compel production of documents, which the Court denied for failure to confer on January 22, 2025. On January 10, 2025,
          Third-Party Defendant Veloso filed a motion to dismiss ARC’s counterclaims and third-party complaint. On January 17, 2025, Defendants ARC and Orlando filed a motion to strike, which the Court denied for failure to confer on January 22, 2025.

On January 22, 2025, the Court held a hearing during which it heard the motion to stay pending resolution of the Delaware Action
            – taking the motion under advisement and scheduled an omnibus hearing to hear outstanding motions on March 7, 2025.  
At the January 22, 2025 hearing, the Court entered a temporary
            administrative stay of discovery as to Defendants Litinsky, Moss, and UAV pending its resolution of their motion to stay. 
On January 23, 2025, Defendants ARC and Orlando filed a motion to compel production of
              documents and a motion to strike. On that same day, Third-Party Defendant Jacobson filed a motion to dismiss ARC’s counterclaims and third-party complaint.

17

Table of Contents

Litigation with ARC in Delaware

On February 29, 2024, ARC filed a lawsuit in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (C.A. No. 2024-0186-LWW) against
            Digital World and its directors, alleging an impending violation of the Digital World Charter. ARC alleged that Digital World failed to commit to issue conversion shares to ARC that ARC claims it is owed upon the consummation of the Business
            Combination pursuant to the Charter. ARC claimed a conversion ratio of 1.81:1 and sought specific performance and damages for the alleged breach of the Charter, a declaratory judgment that the certain derivative securities of Digital World
            should be included in the calculation of the conversion ratio, a finding that the directors of Digital World breached their fiduciary duties, and a preliminary injunction to enjoin the Business Combination until Digital World “corrected” the
            conversion ratio. TMTG defended Digital World’s calculation of the conversion ratio and related rights. In addition to its complaint, ARC also filed a motion with the Chancery Court requesting that the case schedule be expedited to enable the
            Chancery Court to conduct an injunction hearing prior to the March 22, 2024, shareholder vote. On March 5, 2024, the Chancery Court denied ARC’s motion, stating that it would not conduct a merits or injunction hearing before March 22, 2024.
            Consequently, the Chancery Court also denied ARC’s request to postpone the Business Combination vote until after a merits hearing. The Chancery Court ruled that Digital World’s proposal to deposit disputed shares into an escrow account at the
            close of the Business Combination was adequate to prevent potential irreparable harm related to ARC’s share conversion. The Chancery Court also found that Digital World’s public disclosures about ARC’s claims and possible conversion scenarios
            at the close of the Business Combination further mitigated the risk of irreparable harm due to insufficient disclosure for the March 22, 2024, vote. As a result, on March 21, 2024, Digital World entered into two escrow agreements with Odyssey,
            as follows: (i) an escrow agreement for the benefit of ARC (the “
ARC Escrow Agreement
”), pursuant to which DWAC deposited into escrow 3,579,480 shares of
            TMTG shares of common stock (“
Common Stock
”), and (ii) an escrow agreement for the benefit of the Non-ARC Class B Shareholders (the “
Non-ARC Class B Shareholders

Escrow Agreement
,” and together with the
            ARC Escrow Agreement, the “
Disputed Shares Escrow Agreements
”), pursuant to which TMTG deposited into escrow 1,087,553 shares of TMTG Common Stock, which
            amounts represent the difference between the actual conversion ratio, determined by Digital World’s board of directors upon closing of the Business Combination (which was determined to be 1.348:1), and a conversion ratio of 2.00:1. On September
            16, 2024, the Chancery Court issued its order in this matter setting the conversion ratio at 1.4911:1.  The Chancery Court ruled against ARC on a substantial majority of its claims, reducing ARC’s proposed calculation of the conversion ratio of
            1.81:1 by approximately 70% and holding that the former board members of Digital World did not breach any fiduciary duties in setting the conversion ratio calculation or in their public disclosures of the same. As a result of the Chancery
            Court’s order, a portion of the disputed conversion Common Stock held in escrow were released to ARC. The release of Common Stock is subject to the terms and conditions of the ARC Escrow Agreement with the Escrow Agent and TMTG. Accordingly,
            785,825 shares of TMTG Common Stock, which represents the Court’s calculation for the difference between a ratio of 1.348:1 and 1.4911:1, were released from escrow (the “
Court Ratio
”). Both parties still retain the option to file an appeal within 30 days after the Chancery Court’s final order. In connection with the Chancery Court’s final order, 238,692 Common Shares deposited in the Non-ARC
            Class B Shareholders Escrow Agreement, representing the Court Ratio, were released to the applicable holders, subject to the terms and conditions of the Non-ARC Class B Shareholders Escrow Agreement and the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
            On October 23, 2024, ARC filed a motion for a $1,000,000 fee award, which has since been fully briefed and is scheduled for argument on April 25, 2025.

Lawsuit against UAV, Litinsky, Moss, and Orlando in Florida

On March 24, 2024, Private TMTG filed a lawsuit in the Circuit Court of the Twelfth Judicial Circuit for Sarasota County, Florida (Docket No.
          2024-CA-001545-NC) against UAV, Andrew Litinsky, Wesley Moss, and Patrick Orlando. In view of UAV’s repeated demands concerning its alleged stock ownership and director appointment rights, the complaint alleges claims for a declaratory judgment
          against UAV determining that the Services Agreement is unenforceable against Private TMTG. The complaint also asserts a claim for unjust enrichment against UAV based on its failure to competently provide services to the company. Finally, the
          complaint asserts claims for damages for (a) breach of the fiduciary duty of loyalty against Mr. Litinsky and Mr. Moss based on their dealings with Mr. Orlando, (b) aiding and abetting and conspiracy to breach fiduciary duty against Mr. Orlando
          based on the same events, and (c) breach of the fiduciary duty of care against Mr. Litinsky and Mr. Moss for their gross negligence in managing the company. On April 25, 2024, Private TMTG filed a motion to consolidate this lawsuit with Docket
          No. 2024-CA-001061-NC (described above) for purposes of discovery and pretrial proceedings, which was denied without prejudice on August 2, 2024. On June 27, 2024, the court granted Mr. Moss, Mr. Litinsky, and UAV’s motion to stay proceedings
          pending resolution of the Delaware Action involving UAV. The court also denied Private TMTG’s motion for an anti-suit injunction. On July 3, 2024, Mr. Orlando filed a motion to dismiss. On July 17, 2024, Private TMTG sought review of the court’s
          order granting UAV’s motion to stay in Florida’s Second District Court of Appeal by filing a petition for a writ of certiorari with that court (Case No. 2D2024-1642). The court subsequently denied UAV’s motion to enforce the stay and Private
          TMTG’s motion to stay the stay pending certiorari review on September 2, 2024, and September 23, 2024, respectively. On December 11, 2024, the Second District Court of Appeal heard argument on Private TMTG’s appeal of the trial court’s order
          granting UAV’s motion to stay.

18

Table of Contents

Litigation with Orlando in Delaware

On March 15, 2024, Plaintiff Patrick Orlando brought a lawsuit against Digital World in the Chancery Court seeking advancement of legal fees
            associated with Mr. Orlando’s involvement in civil litigation against Digital World in Florida and certain other matters (the “
Advancement Lawsuit
”) (C.A. No. 2024-0264-LWW). Mr. Orlando’s allegations
            relate to certain provisions in the Digital World Charter, Digital World’s bylaws, and an indemnity agreement allegedly entered into between Mr. Orlando and Digital World. Mr. Orlando alleges that those certain provisions require Digital World
            to pay the legal fees Mr. Orlando incurred and will incur in connection with legal proceedings in which he is involved by reason of the fact that he is or was a director or officer of Digital World. Mr. Orlando seeks a court order that (i)
            declares that he is entitled to legal fees for certain proceedings described in the complaint, (ii) requires Digital World to pay for legal fees incurred and future legal fees to be incurred for those proceedings, (iii) requires Digital World
            to pay the fees incurred to bring the Advancement Lawsuit, and (iv) requires Digital World to pay pre- and post-judgment interest on the amounts owed to Mr. Orlando. On April 3, 2024, the Chancery Court entered a Stipulation and Advancement
            Order (“
Stipulation
”) stating that Mr. Orlando is entitled to advancement of attorneys’ fees and costs incurred with legal proceedings described in the Stipulation, subject to Digital World’s right to
            challenge the reasonableness of those attorneys’ fees and costs. The Stipulation further states that Mr. Orlando is entitled to fees incurred in connection with enforcement of advancement rights and sets forth procedures that will govern future
            requests for advancement of attorneys’ fees and costs. As of January 30, 2025, TMTG had paid or agreed to pay approximately $3,500.0 to Mr. Orlando’s attorneys pursuant to such Stipulation and TMTG’s other advancement obligations to Mr.
            Orlando. On April 23, 2024, Mr. Orlando filed a motion for leave to supplement the Advancement Lawsuit to add a claim for advancement of legal fees and expenses Mr. Orlando had incurred and would incur in connection with his defense of an
            action for declaratory judgment brought by members of ARC regarding Mr. Orlando’s removal as the managing member of ARC (the “
ARC Removal Action
”). Mr. Orlando also sought reimbursement for the legal fees
            and expenses incurred in connection with his supplement to the Advancement Lawsuit, and he sought pre-judgment and post-judgment interest on the amounts he claimed were owed to him. On August 1, 2024, plaintiffs in the ARC Removal Action
            dismissed their complaint without prejudice. On August 8, 2024, Mr. Orlando dismissed his supplemental claims in the Advancement Lawsuit without prejudice. The Advancement Lawsuit remains open on the Chancery Court’s docket.

Litigation with Orlando and Benessere in Miami, Florida

On April 2, 2024, Patrick Orlando and Benessere Investment Group, LLC (“
Benessere
”) filed suit
            against TMTG in the Circuit Court of the Eleventh Judicial District in Miami-Dade County Florida (Docket No. 2024-005894-CA-01). Orlando and Benessere seek a declaratory judgment that TMTG is restricted from disclosing material exchanged with
            Orlando and Benessere pursuant to a joint defense agreement previously entered into by the Parties in addition to a request for damages for any breach of the joint defense agreement. Also on April 3, 2024, Orlando and Benessere filed a motion
            for preliminary injunction for enforcement of the joint defense agreement. As of January 30, 2025, the motion for preliminary injunction had not been set for hearing. On September 30, 2024, the Court scheduled a three-day trial beginning on
            September 3, 2025.

Litigation with Odyssey Transfer & Trust Company in Delaware

On June 20, 2024, TMTG’s transfer agent, Odyssey filed an interpleader action in the U.S. District Court of the District of Delaware (C.A. No.
          24-CV-00729). The complaint pertains to the ongoing dispute regarding share ownership between Michael Melkersen and ARC and includes TMTG as a nominal defendant. Odyssey is seeking an order from the Court discharging Odyssey of further liability
          and requiring ARC and TMTG to resolve their competing claims as to 716,140 Class A shares of TMTG and 25,000 TMTG warrants. On July 17, 2024, Odyssey filed a motion to dismiss for discharge and dismissal. On July 18, 2024, ARC filed a motion to
          dismiss for improper venue. On July 22, 2024, TMTG filed a motion for discharge and dismissal. On August 13, 2024, TMTG filed its answer and crossclaims against Mr. Melkersen and ARC. On August 21, 2024, ARC filed a motion to dismiss for lack of
          subject matter jurisdiction. On September 3, 2024, ARC filed a motion to dismiss TMTG’s crossclaims on the grounds of 
forum non conveniens
. On October 14, 2024, Mr. Melkersen filed his answer to the
          complaint for interpleader. This matter remains pending.

19

Table of Contents

Litigation with RejuveTotal in New York

On October 21, 2024, RejuveTotal LLC (“
Rejuve
”) filed suit against TMTG and its Chief Financial
          Officer in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, New York County (Index No. 655551/2024). The complaint alleged breach of contract, and sought equitable relief as well as indemnification and reimbursement of costs and expenses, in
          connection with Rejuve’s role as Purchaser Representative under the Merger Agreement. As of January 30, 2025, defendants in this matter had not yet been served.

On December 23, 2024, TMTG filed suit against Rejuve 
in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, New York County (Index No.
            659834/2024). In the complaint, TMTG seeks declaratory and injunctive relief against Rejuve arising out of Rejuve’s alleged conduct as Purchaser Representative under an Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of October 20, 2021. On January 13,
            2025, TMTG filed an application, by way of a proposed order to show cause, for a preliminary injunction prohibiting Rejuve from taking any further action in its alleged capacity as Purchaser Representative under the Merger Agreement. On January
            23, 2025, the Court approved a stipulation to stay the action pending resolution of the arbitration before the American Arbitration Association seeking to recover its fees and expenses from TMTG that Rejuve allegedly incurred as Purchaser
            Representative (which TMTG presently anticipates will be concluded in March 2025), and to enjoin Rejuve from acting as Purchaser Representative except with respect to its participation in the arbitration.