Item 3. 

Legal Proceedings

61

Item 4.

Mine Safety Disclosures

61

Part II

Item 5. 

Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

62

Item 6. 

[Reserved]

62

Item 7.

Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

62

Item 7A.

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

82

Item 8. 

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

83

Item 9.

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure

83

Item 9A.

Controls and Procedures

83

Item 9B. 

Other Information

86

Item 9C.

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections

86

Part III

Item 10.

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance

86

Item 11.

Executive Compensation

87

Item 12.

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters

87

Item 13. 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence

87

Item 14.

Principal Accountant Fees and Services

87

Part IV

Item 15. 

Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules

87

Item 16.

Form 10-K Summary

91

Signature Page

93

Index to Financial Statements

F-1

Table of Contents

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

Various statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Trump Media & Technology Group Corp. are “forward-looking statements” within the
          meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements involve substantial risks and uncertainties. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, included in this report, including statements
          regarding our strategy, future operations, future financial position, future revenues, projected costs, prospects, plans and objectives of management are forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties (some of
          which are beyond our control) and are based on information currently available to our management. Words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “contemplates,” “predict,” “project,” “target,” “likely,”
          “potential,” “continue,” “ongoing,” “will,” “would,” “should,” “could,” or the negative of these terms and similar expressions or words, identify forward-looking statements. The events and circumstances reflected in our forward-looking statements
          may not occur and actual results could differ materially from those projected in our forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and involve inherent risks and uncertainties, including risks and
          uncertainties that could delay, divert or change these expectations, and could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to,
          those factors described under Part I, Item 1A: “
Risk Factors
.” Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in
          material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements.

This report contains market data and industry forecasts that were obtained from industry publications. These data involve a number of
          assumptions and limitations, and you are cautioned not to give undue weight to such estimates. We have not independently verified any third-party information. While we believe the market position, market opportunity and market size information
          included in this report is generally reliable, such information is inherently imprecise and subject to change.

All written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or any person acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their
          entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section. We caution investors not to rely on the forward-looking statements we make or that are made on our behalf as predictions of future events. We undertake no obligation
          and specifically decline any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws.

We encourage you to read the management’s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations and our consolidated
          financial statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. There can be no assurance that we will in fact achieve the actual results or developments we anticipate or, even if we do substantially realize them, that they will have the
          expected consequences to, or effects on, us. Therefore, we can give no assurances that we will achieve the outcomes stated in those forward-looking statements, projections and estimates.

FREQUENTLY USED TERMS

Unless the context otherwise requires, “we,” “us,” “our” and the “Company” refer to TMTG. All references herein to the “Board” refer to the
          board of directors of TMTG. References to “DWAC” or “Digital World” refer to our predecessor company prior to the consummation of the Business Combination.

In this document:

“Annual Report” means this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Trump Media & Technology Group Corp. for the year ended December 31, 2024.

“Board” or “TMTG Board” means the board of directors of TMTG.

“Business Combination” means the merger and related transactions between Private TMTG and Digital World Acquisition Corp. that were
          consummated on March 25, 2024, and resulted in Digital World being renamed to “Trump Media & Technology Group Corp.”

“Bylaws” means the Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company.

“Code” means the Internal Revenue Code, as amended.

3

Table of Contents

“Company” “TMTG” “we” “our” or “us” means Trump Media & Technology Group Corp.

“Company common stock” or “TMTG common stock” or “common stock” means the common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company following
          the Business Combination.

“DGCL” means the Delaware General Corporation Law.

“Digital World” or “DWAC” means Digital World Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation, TMTG’s predecessor prior to the Business Combination,
          which was renamed to “Trump Media & Technology Group Corp.” upon consummation of the Business Combination.

“Digital World Class A common stock” means the shares of Class A common stock of Digital World, par value $0.0001 per share.

“Digital World Class B common stock” means the shares of Class B common stock of Digital World, par value $0.0001 per share, including the
          Founder Shares.

“Digital World common stock” means any of the Digital World Class A common stock or Digital World Class B common stock.

“Earnout Period” means the three (3)-year period following March 25, 2024 to determine the contingent right to Earnout Shares.

“Earnout Shares” means the additional 40,000,000 shares of Company common stock that were issued by the Company based on a contingent right
          based on the price performance of Company common stock during the Earnout Period. The Earnout Shares were to be earned and payable during the Earnout Period as follows: (i) if the dollar volume-weighted average price (“VWAP”) of TMTG’s shares of
          common stock equals or exceeds $12.50 per share for any 20 trading days within any 30 trading day period, TMTG will issue to certain holders an aggregate of 15,000,000 Earnout Shares; if the VWAP of TMTG common stock equals or exceeds $15.00 per
          share for any 20 trading days within any 30 trading day period, TMTG will issue to certain holders an aggregate of 15,000,000 Earnout Shares; and if the VWAP of TMTG shares of common stock equals or exceeds $17.50 per share for any 20 trading
          days within any 30 trading day period, TMTG will issue to certain holders an aggregate of 10,000,000 Earnout Shares. As of April 26, 2024, the Earnout Shares had been earned and issued, and President Donald J. Trump received 36,000,000 Earnout
          Shares.

“Effective Time” means the effective time of the Closing, as determined in accordance with the Merger Agreement.

“Equity Incentive Plan” means the Digital World Acquisition Corp. 2024 Equity Incentive Plan, as such may be amended, supplemented or modified
          from time to time, which was adopted by TMTG and approved in accordance with the Incentive Plan Proposal and became effective as of Closing.

“Exchange Act” means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

“FASB” means the Financial Accounting Standards Board.

“FINRA” means the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.

“Founder Shares” means the shares of Digital World Class B common stock initially purchased by ARC Global Investments II, LLC in the Private
          Placement.

“Investment Company Act” means the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

4

Table of Contents

“Management” or “Management Team” means the Company’s executive officers and directors.

“Merger Agreement” means the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated October 20, 2021, as amended, by and among Digital World, Merger Sub, Private
          TMTG, ARC Global Investments II, LLC (which has been replaced and succeeded by RejuveTotal LLC, a New Mexico limited liability company effective as of March 14, 2024) in the capacity as the representative of the stockholders of Digital World, and
          Private TMTG’s General Counsel in the capacity as the representative of the stockholders of Private TMTG.

“Merger Consideration” means the aggregate merger consideration paid to TMTG securityholders (other than holders of TMTG Convertible Notes) as
          of immediately prior to the Effective Time in an amount equal to $875,000,000.

“Merger Sub” means DWAC Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation that, until the Closing, was a wholly owned subsidiary of Digital World.

“Nasdaq” means Nasdaq Global Market.

“Odyssey” means Odyssey Transfer and Trust Company, our transfer agent, warrant agent, and escrow agent.

“PCAOB” means the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).

“Placement Units” means 1,133,484 units issued to ARC Global Investments II, LLC in the Private Placement (including the additional units
          purchased after the Digital World IPO in connection with underwriters’ exercise of the over-allotment option to purchase additional securities). Each Placement Unit consisted of one Placement Share and one-half of one Placement Warrant.

“Placement Warrants” means the warrants included within the Placement Units purchased by ARC Global Investments II, LLC in the Private
          Placement. Each Placement Warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one share of TMTG common stock for $11.50 per share.

“Private Placement” means the private placement consummated simultaneously with the Digital World IPO in which Digital World issued to ARC
          Global Investments II, LLC the Placement Units.

“Private TMTG” means the pre-Business Combination TMTG entity.

“Public Shares” means shares of Digital World Class A common stock included in the Public Units and shares of Digital World Class A common
          stock underlying the Public Warrants.

“Public Stockholders” means holders of Public Shares.

“Public Units” means units issued in the Digital World IPO, consisting of one Public Share and one-half of one Public Warrant.

“Public Warrants” means warrants underlying the Public Units issued in Digital World’s initial public offering. Each whole Public Warrant
          entitles the holder thereof to purchase one share of TMTG common stock for $11.50 per share.

“Sarbanes-Oxley Act” means the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

“SEC” means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

5

Table of Contents

“Securities Act” means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

“Semple” means Semple, Marchal & Cooper, LLP, TMTG’s independent registered public accounting firm since May 4, 2024.

“SEPA” means the Standby Equity Purchase Agreement, dated July 3, 2024, between the Company and YA II PN, LTD.

“TMTG” means Trump Media & Technology Group Corp., a Delaware corporation, formerly known as Digital World Acquisition Corp. References in
          this Annual Report on Form 10-K to TMTG include its subsidiaries to the extent reasonably applicable.

“TMTG Convertible Notes” means the series of convertible promissory notes in the aggregate principal amount of up to $60,000,000 issued by
          Private TMTG pursuant to those certain note purchase agreements, by and among Private TMTG and the holders party thereto including any additional convertible promissory notes of like tenor entered into after the date of the Merger Agreement.

“TMTG stockholders” means, collectively, the holders of TMTG common stock, each a “TMTG stockholder” (other than, and to the extent that, such
          TMTG common stock was received as a result of the conversion of the TMTG Convertible Notes).

“TMTG Sub” means, with respect to the period following the closing of the Business Combination, TMTG Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation and the
          surviving corporation of the Merger between Merger Sub and Private TMTG.

“Treasury” means the U.S. Department of Treasury.

“U.S. GAAP” means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States.

“Warrant Agreement” means the warrant agreement, dated September 2, 2021, as amended, by and between the Company and Continental Stock
          Transfer & Trust Company, as succeeded by Odyssey, as warrant agent.

“WCT” means WorldConnect Technologies, L.L.C.

6

Table of Contents

PART I