ITEM 1.    Business
Unless the context otherwise requires, “we,” “us,” “our” and the “Company” refers to WillScot Holdings Corporation ("WillScot") and its subsidiaries.
Our Company
Headquartered in Phoenix, Arizona, we are a leading business services provider specializing in innovative and flexible turnkey temporary space solutions. Our diverse product offering includes modular office complexes, mobile offices, classrooms, blast-resistant modules, clearspan structures, sanitation solutions, portable storage containers, and climate-controlled containers and trailers. We offer our customers a thoughtfully curated selection of solutions intended to improve the overall customer experience by making modular space and portable storage units more productive, comfortable, safe and secure for our customers with Value-Added Products (“VAPS”), such as workstations, furniture, appliances, media packages, power and solar solutions, telematics, connectivity and data solutions, security and protection products, entrance packages, electrical and lighting products, organization and space optimization assets, perimeter solutions, and other items that improve the overall customer experience. These turnkey space solutions offer customers flexible, low-cost, and timely solutions to meet their space needs on an outsourced basis. 
With roots dating back more than 80 years, we service diverse end markets across all sectors of the economy from a network of approximately 260 branch locations and additional drop lots throughout the United States (“US”), Canada, and Mexico. We lease turnkey space solutions (our “lease fleet”) to customers across 15 distinct end markets.
WillScot resulted from the merger of WillScot Corporation and Mobile Mini, Inc. ("Mobile Mini") on July 1, 2020. On September 30, 2022, the Company completed the sale of its former Tank and Pump Solutions ("Tank and Pump") segment. On January 31, 2023, the Company completed the sale of its former United Kingdom Storage Solutions ("UK Storage Solutions") segment. The accompanying consolidated financial statements present the historical financial results of the former Tank and Pump and UK Storage Solutions segments as discontinued operations for all periods presented. On July 29, 2024, the Company amended and restated its certificate of incorporation to effect a change of the Company’s name from “WillScot Mobile Mini Holdings Corp.” to “WillScot Holdings Corporation." 
Products and Services
The Company name change in 2024 to WillScot Holdings Corporation was part of a strategic rebranding that unified the Company's portfolio of brands under the WillScot name, aligning our go-to-market strategy to streamline the customer experience and optimize operations. We also introduced a new Company tagline, which emphasizes our commitment to bring expertise and execution to deliver turnkey space solutions that are right for the project and right for the timeline: "Right from the Start." We continued to expand into adjacent solutions, including climate-controlled storage and clearspan structures, and introduced new VAPS, including solar panels and perimeter solutions.  
Modular Space Solutions
Our modular space units meet a broad range of customer needs. Our modular units are typically made of steel and aluminum frames and traditional building materials and range from standalone portable units as small as 24 square feet to large complex units that can be coupled together or stacked to create versatile workspaces exceeding 40,000 square feet. In all cases, we deploy modular units to customers rapidly from our extensive branch network using our hybrid in-house and outsourced logistics and service infrastructure. We specialize in turnkey solutions, which means our units can arrive fully equipped with air conditioning, heating, and filtration units, electrical and Ethernet ports, plumbing and utility hookups, as well as our line of VAPS. Our units are transported by truck: either towed (if fitted with axles and hitches) or mounted on flat-bed trailers. 
Modular space units have attractive economic characteristics, and our ability to lease and maintain our assets’ profitability over economic lives, which often exceed 20 years with average residual values exceeding 50%, is a unique capability and competitive advantage. We utilize standard fleet maintenance procedures across our branch network, monitor fleet condition and allocate capital expenditures centrally, and ensure all units meet consistent quality and condition requirements, regardless of unit age, prior to delivery to a customer. Modular leasing is complemented by new unit sales and sales of rental units. In connection with our leasing and sales activities, we also provide delivery and installation services, maintenance, removal, and other ad hoc services.
Panelized and Stackable Offices. 
O
ur FLEX
TM
 p
anelized and stackable offices are the next generation of modular space technology and offer maximum flexibility and design configurations. These units provide a modern, innovative design, smaller footprint, ground level access, and are comprised of interchangeable panels, including operable window panels, door panels, and full length glass panels that allow customers to configure the space to their precise requirements. We can stack these units up to three stories and connect them horizontally, which provides maximum versatility.
5
Single-Wide Modular Space Units. 
Single-wide modular space units include mobile offices and sales offices. These units offer maximum ease of installation and removal and are deployed across the broadest range of applications in our fleet. These units typically have open interiors, which can be modified using movable partitions, and include tile floors, air conditioning, heating and filtration units, partitions and, if requested, restroom facilities.
Section Modulars and Redi-Plex. 
Section modulars are two or more units combined into one structure. Redi-Plex complexes offer advanced versatility for large, open floor plans or custom layouts with private offices. Our proprietary design meets a wide range of national and state building, electrical, mechanical, and plumbing codes, which creates versatility in fleet management. Examples of section modular units include hospital diagnostic annexes, special events headquarters, temporary data centers, and larger general commercial offices.
Classrooms. 
Classroom units are generally double-wide units or FLEX panelized units adapted specifically for use by school systems or universities. Classroom units usually feature teaching aids, air conditioning, heating and filtration units, windows and, if requested, restroom facilities.
Ground Level Offices. 
We also offer steel ground level offices from 10 to 40 feet in length and 8 or 10 feet in width. Many of these units are converted to office use from International Organization for Standardization ("ISO") certified shipping containers. These offices are available in various configurations, including all-office floor plans or office and storage combination units that provide a 10‑ or 15‑foot office with the remaining area available for storage. Ground level offices provide the advantage of ground accessibility for ease of access and high security in an all‑steel design. We equip these office units with electrical wiring, air conditioning, heating and filtration units, tile, high security doors, and windows with security bars or shutters. If requested, we equip these offices with sinks, hot water heaters, cabinets, and restroom facilities
.
Blast-Resistant Modules. 
Our diverse fleet of blast-resistant modules is designed to protect any customers operating in blast radius zones, including our petrochemical, energy, refinery, and defense customers. These modules range from 480 square foot units to 2,400 square foot complexes and can be stacked to maximize space. Our blast-resistant units are built for quick deployment to enhance worksite safety in the most hazardous industries, conditions, and blast threats.
Clearspan Structures. 
Our temporary and semi-permanent clearspan structures allow us to offer more expansive flexible spaces to customers. These highly configurable and durable fabric structures are commonly utilized by existing customers across virtually all end markets that we serve. Clearspan structures, also referred to as fabric buildings or industrial tents, are rapidly deployable on surfaces and locations from an asphalt parking lot to a grass field and can be adjusted to accommodate almost any space need. Use cases include large-scale industrial warehousing, controlled environments for construction sites, covered work areas, retail and distribution space, and high-end event spaces, among many others. These structures can include lighting and climate solutions and interior and exterior graphics. 
Other Modular Space. 
We offer a range of other specialty products that vary across regions and provide flexibility to serve demands for local markets. Examples include workforce accommodation units with dining facilities used to house workers, often in remote locations, and a range of restroom solutions, including premium restroom trailers and in-unit restroom facilities to complement both permanent and temporary infrastructure. 
Portable Storage Solutions
Portable Storage Containers. 
Our portable storage containers offer an assortment of differentiated features such as patented locking systems, premium and multiple door options, optional climate control, and numerous configuration options. Standard portable storage containers are made from weather‑resistant corrugated steel and are available in lengths ranging from 5 to 48 feet, widths of either 8 or 10 feet, and a variety of configuration options. Doors can be placed at the front, front and back, or the sides of containers. We provide our customers with various differentiated portable storage offerings, ranging from a standard ISO container to more premium products with enhanced security and other features. We believe these steel storage containers are a more convenient and cost‑effective alternative to mass warehouse storage, with a high level of security to protect our customers' goods on location at their job site, facility, retail location, or office site.
Steel containers have a long useful life with no technical obsolescence. Our portable storage containers generally have estimated useful lives of 30 years from the date we build or acquire and remanufacture them, with average residual values exceeding 50%. The remanufacturing process begins with the purchase of used containers originally built to ISO standards which are 8 feet wide, up to 9.5 feet high and 20, 40 or 45 feet long. Remanufacturing typically involves cleaning, removing rust and dents, repairing floors and sidewalls, painting, and adding company logos or signs and may include further customization by adding our proprietary easy opening door system. We maintain our steel containers on a regular basis by removing rust, painting them with rust inhibiting paint, plug-welding holes, and occasionally replacing the wooden floor or a rusted steel panel. Repainting the outside of storage units is the most common maintenance item. A properly maintained container is essentially in the same condition as when it was initially acquired or remanufactured. We also offer VAPS for storage containers.
Climate-Controlled Containers and Trailers.
 We offer temperature-controlled containers, walk-in freezers, refrigerated storage trailers, and dock-height refrigerated trailers. These turnkey cold storage solutions come in a variety of sizes, allowing customers to efficiently manage temperature sensitive goods across various industries and infrastructures. These solutions can include motion-activated lighting, slip-resistant floors, multiple access options, roll and swing doors, and automatic tire-inflation systems for trailers. 
6
Value-Added Products
We offer a thoughtfully curated portfolio of VAPS that make modular space and portable storage units more productive, comfortable, secure, and "Right from the Start."
Workspaces. 
Offices, collaboration spaces and break rooms can be built out to accommodate exact privacy needs and work styles and can include workstations, furniture, fixtures, appliances, cabinetry, storage, media packages, heating, ventilation and air conditioning ("HVAC") and air purification systems, and accessories to create the ideal work environment. 
Classrooms. 
Our classroom packages help optimize environments for learning. From ergonomic desks and chairs, educators’ workstations and whiteboards to media packages, bookshelves appliances and data hubs, we can provide everything needed to equip a modern classroom.
Power and Connectivity. 
We offer power solutions, such as transformers, phase converters and alternative power options, including integrated solar power. Our data solutions include connectivity and data solutions and our advanced telematics system on our climate-controlled containers and trailers, which includes monitoring, remote access, data collection and customer alerts to provide access to live data and control over the unit.
Security and Protection. 
We offer highly secure doors, locks, and window and door bars to keep customers' belongings safe. We offer our lease customers a damage waiver program that covers loss or damage to the leased unit. We also offer low-cost insurance coverages provided by third-party insurers to protect customers' financial interests from loss and personal injury. Storage containers can be equipped with our patented Tri‑Cam Locking System®, which features a waist‑level opening lever and interlocking bars to provide easy access for the customer without sacrificing security. We also offer ContainerGuardLock®, an optional security device, which features a hidden six‑pin tumbler system and is made from drill‑resistant hardened steel. 
Entrance Packages. 
We offer a complete range of fully installed aluminum stair, ramp, decking, and overhead canopy systems. 
Sanitation.
 Sanitation rentals and servicing are also part of our VAPS portfolio. Sanitation services are handled through a reliable network of third-party partners, ensuring reliable service, cleanliness, and consistent functionality. 
Lighting. 
Our mobile offices come with fluorescent lighting built in. We also have a wide array of desk lights for office applications and powerful and weatherproof motion activated magnetic lights for interior and exterior application. 
Organization and Storage. 
Our premium VAPS offering for storage containers, the PRORACK
TM 
storage system, is an innovative complete system of sturdy readily movable surfaces that organizes the space to exact requirements. Durable metal panels are configured to function as desks, traditional shelving, pipe racking, tool cribs or a combination of them all. We also offer basic shelving and insulated bulkheads.   
Perimeter Solutions. 
Temporary fencing, including free-standing fences, gates and barricades, can create a safe perimeter in which work can occur. These solutions can be quickly installed and typically stay in use on sites to project completion. Designed to support a variety of needs, temporary fencing is used broadly across industries including critical protection barriers for construction sites, privacy and security at retail stores, crowd control for large events, and more.  
Aesthetics. 
We also offer VAPS to enhance unit aesthetics including flooring, wraps, facades, and exterior paneling. 
In addition to the many VAPS in our portfolio, we also provide incremental value to our customers by providing other services, including technical expertise and oversight for customers regarding building design and permitting, site preparation, and project management, including expansion or contraction of installed space based on changes in project requirements. Importantly, we believe that our scale, branch network, supply chain, product breadth, and go-to-market strategy give us a significant advantage in delivering turnkey space solutions, providing significant incremental value to our customers and driving incremental VAPS revenue for the Company relative to our competitors. 
Delivery, Installation and Removal
We operate a hybrid in-house and outsourced logistics and service infrastructure that provides delivery, site work, installation, disassembly, unhooking and removal, and other services to our customers for an additional fee as part of our leasing and sales operations. Revenue from delivery, site work, and installation results from the transportation of units to a customer's location, as well as site work required prior to installation, and installation of the units which have been leased or sold. Typically, modular units are placed on temporary foundations constructed by our in‑house service technicians or subcontractors. These in‑house service technicians or subcontractors also generally install any ancillary products and VAPS. We also derive revenue from disassembling, unhooking, and removing units once a lease expires. We believe that our logistics and service capabilities are unrivaled in the industry, differentiate us from competitors, and enhance our value proposition to our customers.
Product Leases
We primarily lease, rather than sell, our turnkey space solutions to customers, which results in a highly diversified and predictable recurring revenue stream. For the year ended December 31, 2024, over 90% of new lease orders were on our standard lease agreement, pre-negotiated master lease, or national account agreements. Rental contracts with customers are generally based on a 28-day or monthly rate and billing cycle. The initial lease periods vary, and our leases are customarily renewable on a month-to-month basis after their initial term and continue until cancelled by the customer or us. For the year 
7
ended December 31, 2024, the average effective duration of our consolidated lease portfolio for modular space and portable storage units, excluding seasonal portable storage units, was approximately 41 months. As a result, our lease revenue is highly predictable due to its recurring nature and the underlying stability and diversification of our lease portfolio.
For the year ended December 31, 2024, our average minimum contractual lease term at the time of delivery for modular space units, excluding ground level offices, was 10 months. Given that our customers value flexibility, they consistently extend their leases or renew on a month-to-month basis such that the average effective duration of our modular space lease portfolio, excluding ground level offices, was over 40 months, and on average, the steel ground level offices on rent for the year ended December 31, 2024 had been in place for over 23 months. Customers are responsible for the costs of delivery and set-up, dismantling and pick-up, customer-specified modifications, costs to return custom modifications back to standard configuration at end of lease, and any loss or damage beyond normal wear and tear. Our leases generally require customers to maintain liability and property insurance covering the units during the lease term and to indemnify us from losses caused by the negligence of the customer or their employees.
For the year ended December 31, 2024, the average effective duration of our lease portfolio for storage containers on rent, excluding seasonal portable storage units, was over 43 months. Rental contracts provide that the customer is responsible for the cost of delivery and pickup and specify that the customer is liable for any damage done to the unit beyond ordinary wear and tear. Customers may purchase a damage waiver to avoid damage liability in certain circumstances, which provides an additional source of recurring revenue. Customer possessions stored within a portable storage unit are the responsibility of that customer unless covered under our contents insurance products.
Demand for our products varies by end market. Construction customers typically reflect higher demand during months with more temperate weather, while demand from large retailers is stronger from September through December, when more space is needed to store holiday inventories. Retail customers usually return these rented units in December and early in the following year, but also undertake ongoing rolling store renovations which present consistent recurring demand throughout the year. 
As of December 31, 2024, we had over 362,000 total units including over 152,000 modular space units, over 210,000 portable storage units, and other VAPS representing fleet net book value of $3.4 billion and approximately 128 million square feet of relocatable commercial space. Approximately 91,000 of our modular space units, or 59%, and 115,000 of our portable storage units, or 55%, were on rent as of December 31, 2024.
Product Sales
We complement our core leasing business by selling both new and used units, allowing us to leverage our scale, achieve purchasing benefits, and redeploy capital employed in our lease fleet. Generally, we purchase new units from a broad network of third-party manufacturers; in some instances, we manufacture the units ourselves. We only purchase new modular space units for resale when we have obtained firm purchase orders (which normally are non-cancelable and include up-front deposits) for such units. Buying units directly for resale adds scale to our purchasing, which is beneficial to our overall customer and supplier relationships and purchasing terms. New unit sales are a natural extension of our leasing operations in situations where customers have long-lived or permanent projects, making it more cost-effective to purchase rather than to lease a unit, and our customers benefit from our product expertise and delivery and installation capabilities. 
In the normal course of managing our business, we also sell idle, used rental units at fair market value and units that are already on rent if the customer expresses interest in owning, rather than continuing to rent, the unit. The sale of units from our rental equipment has historically been both a profitable and cost-effective method to finance the replenishment and upgrade of our lease fleet, as well as to generate free cash flow during periods of lower rental demand and utilization. Our sales business may include modifying or customizing units to meet customer requirements. We also offer delivery, installation, and removal-related services for an additional fee as part of our sales operations.
Customers
Our customers operate in a diversified set of end markets, and we track several leading market indicators, such as the Gross Domestic Product ("GDP"), Architecture Billing Index ("ABI"), non-residential construction square foot starts and put in place construction spending, to predict demand, including demand in our two largest end markets, the commercial and industrial market and the construction and infrastructure market, which accounted for approximately 43% and 42% of our revenues, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2024. 
Core to our operating model is the ability to deploy standardized assets that can be redeployed across our diversified customer base of over 85,000 customers. To optimize the use of fleet assets across our branch network, we centrally manage fleet rebalancing across 15 distinct end markets in which no single customer accounted for more than 2% of revenues for the year ended December 31, 2024. For the year ended December 31, 2024, our top 10 customers accounted for approximately 6% of revenues, and our top 50 customers accounted for approximately 14% of revenues, reflecting low customer concentration and significant project diversification within our portfolio. 
Our logistics and service infrastructure is designed to meet or exceed our customers’ expectations by reacting quickly, efficiently, and with consistent service levels. As a result, we have established strong relationships with a diverse customer base, ranging from large multinational companies that operate across multiple geographic markets to local sole proprietors that may only have a single operating location. We believe that our customers prefer our modular space and portable storage 
8
products over fixed, on-site built space because they are a quick, flexible, cost-effective, and low-risk solution for temporary or permanent expansion or storage. Key customer end markets include:
Construction and Infrastructure
We provide office and storage space and clearspan structures to a broad array of contractors associated with non-residential buildings and non-building infrastructure and, to a lesser extent, residential construction. Our client portfolio includes many of the largest general contractors and engineering, architecture, procurement, and construction companies in North America, working across all of the non-residential construction sub-sectors. Examples include highway, street, bridge, and tunnel contractors; water, sewer, communication, and power line contractors; and special construction trades, including plumbing, electrical, glass, glazing, and demolition. Our construction and infrastructure customer base is characterized by a wide variety of contractors that are associated with original construction as well as capital improvements in the private, institutional, and municipal arenas. Units are used as offices, lunch and break rooms, accommodations, restroom facilities, material and equipment storage facilities, security offices, and other applications. 
Commercial and Industrial
Customers in this category use our products as their primary office or retail space, to expand their existing commercial workspace, to increase their storage capabilities, or as temporary space for festivals, trade shows, sporting, and other events. Customers in this category span a variety of industries ranging from commercial offices; diversified manufacturing; agriculture, forestry and fishing; arts, media, hotels, and entertainment; and many other industrial end markets. 
The commercial and industrial segment also includes customers in retail and wholesale trade. These include department, drug, grocery, and non-mall-based big box retailers, logistics, warehousing and distribution services, as well as restaurants, and service stations. Our customers in retail and wholesale trade include some of the world's largest retailers who have storage needs throughout all stages of their supply chain.
Energy and Natural Resources
Our products are leased to companies involved in electricity generation and transmission, utilities, up- mid- and down-stream oil and gas, mining exploration and extraction, and other related sectors. Increasingly, the development of renewable energy infrastructure has emerged to complement our traditional energy clientele. Units are used as temporary offices, break rooms, accommodations, security offices, blast-resistant facilities, and other applications. 
Government and Institutions
Our government customers consist of national, state, provincial, and local public sector organizations. Modular space and portable storage solutions are particularly attractive to focused niches such as healthcare facilities, small municipal buildings, courthouses, military and border installations, national security buildings, and offices during building modernization, as well as disaster relief.
Rapid shifts in populations within regions, as well as expanding square footage per student requirements in in-person education settings, often necessitate quick and cost-effective expansion of education facilities, across the spectrum of elementary and secondary schools and universities and colleges. Regional and local governmental budgetary pressures, classroom size reduction legislation, refurbishment of existing facilities, and the expansion of charter schools have made modular classrooms a convenient and cost-effective way to expand capacity in education settings. In addition, our products are used as classrooms when schools are undergoing large scale modernization, which allows continuous operation of a school while modernization progresses. 
Competitive Strengths 
We believe that the following competitive strengths have been instrumental to our success and position us for future growth:
North American Leader in Turnkey Temporary Space Solutions
Our network serves the largest North American metropolitan areas with local teams who are experts in their respective markets. In 2024, we completed the final systems and field harmonization contemplated in the original WillScot and Mobile Mini integration plan, combining our legacy modular and storage sales and operations teams under a single leadership structure, organized by geography. This cost‑effective coverage model allows us to go-to-market locally with a single team to service our local and regional customers across our full offering of turnkey space solutions, while also addressing the needs of larger national customers looking for a full suite of high-quality services that can be provided on a consistent basis throughout North America. To support this field integration, we upgraded our field service and dispatch system, which allows us to better utilize our operational resources across all product lines while improving execution and customer communication. Because geographic proximity to customers is a competitive advantage when offering temporary commercial space, we believe that our extensive branch network allows us to better serve existing customers and attract new customers. We believe our extensive scale results in significant operational benefits, such as optimization of fleet yield and utilization, efficient capital allocation, superior service capabilities, and the ability to offer consistent turnkey solutions across all of our branch locations.
9
Value-Added Products
Our thoughtfully curated portfolio of VAPS makes modular space and portable storage units more productive, comfortable, safe, and secure for our customers; allows us to generate higher revenue per transaction and return on capital; and differentiates us from our competitors. These turnkey solutions offer customers flexible, low‑cost, capital efficient, and timely solutions to meet their space needs on an outsourced basis.
VAPS have been a substantial source of revenue growth for us over the last decade, and we continue to invest in product development to serve evolving customer needs. We have been able to successfully drive a material increase in customer VAPS spend into our recently acquired businesses, which generates highly tangible revenue synergies. We believe our ability to drive VAPS growth following our historical acquisitions highlights the value proposition our VAPS provide to our customers. 
Investments in Technology 
We believe our technology serves as a primary differentiator relative to our competition and is a key component of our customer value proposition. Our US and Canadian teams operate using a single consolidated customer relationship management ("CRM") software platform which provides greater visibility into our customer base and enhances our ability to cross-sell our portfolio of products to our customers. We leverage our SAP enterprise resource planning ("ERP") platform and our data and analytics platform to achieve operating efficiencies and enhance the overall customer experience. Effective use of real‑time information allows us to monitor and optimize the utilization of our fleet, allocate our fleet to the highest demand markets, optimize pricing, and determine the best allocation of our capital to invest in fleet and branches. We are able to dynamically price and approach customer accounts in a strategic and statistically informed manner. We also believe our ability to leverage this data helps us to increase our market share and effectively manage supply and demand dynamics in our fleet to maximize cash flow in all phases of the economic cycle, including identifying opportunities where underutilized lease fleet can be sold to generate cash. 
Similarly, advancements in technology continue to drive efficiency improvements in our business, enabling us to offer an enhanced experience for our customers. During 2024, we consolidated and upgraded our logistics and service platform and began work on algorithm-based route optimization processes, which allow us to better utilize our logistics resources across all product lines while improving execution, safety, and customer communications. We anticipate further enhancements to this platform in 2025 and beyond to further enhance route optimization and to expand omni-channel communication with our customers. 
In conjunction with the 2024 rebranding, we launched a redesigned website at www.willscot.com, consolidating multiple digital platforms into a single resource for customers to access our full range of offerings and identify space solutions that are optimal for their unique needs and industries. Additionally, we introduced new powerful digital marketing, customer service, and sales tools to enhance the digital experience for customers. We launched an enhanced customer portal with expanded customer self-service capabilities, enabling customers to request quotes, manage invoices and make payments, submit support requests, track status, remotely monitor units, and chat with a specialist. 
During 2024, we also launched a new digital marketing initiative to modernize how we generate demand and convert to orders and activations within our target segments. These digital tools are in turn directly feeding into our CRM platform as well as our proprietary sales tool Project One, which leverages multiple third-party and internally generated data sources to identify developing project opportunities, prioritize the leads, and recommend actions to our sales representatives. This gives us a platform to further optimize selling time and conversion and allows us to be more prescriptive, recommending the appropriate bundled solutions that are tailored by project type. We believe we possess market-leading technology infrastructure relative to our competition, and we intend to extend this advantage further by leveraging our infrastructure investments.
Sophisticated Logistics and Service Capabilities
We operate a hybrid in-house and outsourced logistics and service infrastructure that we believe is highly differentiated from our competitors and enhances the value proposition we provide to customers. Convenient scheduling of installations and removals, same-day delivery capabilities on certain products, and the ability to mobilize large volumes of equipment in any geography serviced by our branch network are all unique capabilities that differentiate WillScot, particularly among more demanding customer segments. We believe that continuing to further optimize our logistics and service capabilities through the deployment of additional technology enhancements and in-sourcing our services is an opportunity for further cost efficiency and differentiation with our customers.
Diversified Revenue Base by End Market, Product, Service and Geography
We have established strong relationships with a diverse customer base, ranging from large national accounts to small local businesses. Our customers operate in a diversified set of end markets. We believe that the diversity of our customer end markets reduces our exposure to changes related to a given customer, shifts within a particular end market or geographic region, and end market industry seasonality, while also providing significant opportunities to grow our business. Furthermore, the nature of our products is such that their use is generally agnostic to industry. This flexibility helps to insulate utilization from exposure to end market‑specific shocks, provided there are other needs and applications for these products within a reasonable distance. 
10
The following chart illustrates the breakdown of our customers and revenue by end market as of December 31, 2024.
Proven Track Record Realizing Acquisition Synergies and Deploying Best Practices 
We have a strong track record of integrating and generating significant revenue and cost synergies with our acquisitions. Since our public listing in 2017, we have executed 36 acquisitions totaling approximately $4.7 billion in total enterprise value. These transactions have included small local storage portfolios, regional operators with mixed modular and storage fleets, and larger transformational acquisitions such as Modular Space Corporation in 2018 and Mobile Mini in 2020. In 2023, we acquired a US national provider of cold storage solutions, a regional modular space manufacturing and leasing business, and a US national provider of premium large clearspan structures. In 2024, we acquired certain assets of a regional provider of perimeter solutions and certain assets of a provider of premium large clearspan structures. Also in 2024, we acquired certain assets of three regional and local modular space and storage businesses, and, given the scalability of our operating platform, quickly integrated these assets into our leasing portfolio and branch network. Opportunities such as these allow us to reach new customers, expand our product and service offering, and provide further opportunities for revenue and cost synergies. See “Risk Factors—We may be unable to successfully acquire and integrate new operations, which could cause our business to suffer."
Our Asset Base Provides Highly Attractive Asset-Level Returns with Long Useful Lives
The combination of long, predictable lease durations, long asset lives, and attractive unit economics underpins the compelling cash generation capability in our business model. As such, we have made significant investments in our lease fleet both organically through fleet purchases and through mergers and acquisitions. For the year ended December 31, 2024, our modular space and portable storage lease fleet consisted of approximately 128 million square feet of relocatable space, comprising over 152,000 modular space units and over 210,000 portable storage units.
We generate an attractive internal rate of return ("IRR") in our modular space portfolio driven by the long economic life of our fleet, exceeding 20 years on average, and our in-house refurbishment capabilities that extend useful lives and enhance returns. When we evaluate the purchase of new modular units and storage containers, we consistently target and realize unit-level IRRs, including VAPS, in excess of 25%.
The stability of cash flows combined with strong economic returns make both modular space and portable storage containers highly attractive specialty rental asset classes, and our logistics and service capabilities and investments in technology further enhance the returns we can generate from these assets.
11
The following chart illustrates the breakdown of the net book value ("NBV") of our rental equipment among modular space units, including clearspan structures, portable storage units, and VAPS as of December 31, 2024.
Our Business Generates Predictable Recurring Cash Flow Due to Our Long-Term Leases and Flexible Capex Requirements
Our recurring revenue, combined with our flexible capex requirements and efficient use of working capital has allowed us to generate substantial free cash flow, both in periods of growth and during economic downturn. We believe the long-term nature of our leases, with average lease durations of approximately 41 months as of December 31, 2024, produces strong operating income and predictable cash flow.
Due to the longevity and relative simplicity of our products, we exercise control and discretion over capex, investing only where and when needed to meet demand, and selling excess fleet during lower utilization periods. During periods of economic stress, we have the ability to substantially reduce capex and variable costs throughout the portfolio to maximize cash flow, resulting in a Free Cash Flow profile that we believe is counter‑cyclical. 
Our Industry 
We provide temporary solutions to customers within the approximately $2 trillion North American market for commercial space, including modular space, portable storage, and other space solutions. Our services span across a variety of related sectors, including commercial real estate, logistics, facility management, job site services, commercial storage, office furniture, and maritime containers. Consequently, we believe that our total addressable market is approximately $20 billion.
Modular Space Market
The modular space market is fragmented. Modular space units are non-residential structures designed to meet federal, provincial, state, and local building codes and, in most cases, are designed to be relocatable. Modular space units are constructed offsite, utilizing manufacturing techniques to prefabricate single or multi-story whole building solutions in deliverable modular sections. Units are typically constructed of steel, wood and conventional building materials and can be permanent or relocatable. Blast-resistant modules have been specifically designed to protect any customers operating in blast radius zone, including our petrochemical, energy, refinery, and defense customers. Clearspan structures, also referred to as fabric buildings or industrial tents, are rapidly deployable and have numerous use cases including large-scale industrial warehousing, controlled environments for construction sites, retail and distribution space, and high-end event spaces. 
The modular space market has evolved in recent years as businesses and other potential customers increasingly recognize the value of modular space. The key growth drivers in this market are similar to portable storage and include:
•
Growing need and demand for space:
 driven by general economic activity, including gross domestic product growth, industrial production, mining and natural resources activity, non-residential construction, urbanization, public and education spending, the scale and frequency of special events, and increased occurrences of natural disasters such as hurricanes, tornados, and wildfires.
•
Shift from traditional fixed, on-site built space to modular space solutions:

driven by several advantages as compared with fixed, on-site built space, including:
•
Quick to install:
 the pre-fabrication of modular space units allows them to be put in place rapidly, providing potential long-term solutions to needs that may have materialized quickly.
•
Flexibility:
 flexible assembly design allows modular space units to be built to suit a customer’s needs while offering customers the ability to adjust their space as their needs change.
12
•
Cost effectiveness:
 modular space units provide a cost-effective solution for temporary and permanent space requirements and allow customers to improve returns on capital in their core business.
•
Quality:
 the pre-fabrication of modular space units is based on a repeatable process in a controlled environment, resulting in more consistent quality.
•
Mobility:

modular space units can easily be disassembled, transported to a new location and re-assembled.
•
Environmentally friendly:
 relocatable buildings promote the reuse of facilities, on an as-needed basis, by the occupants, and leave no residual footprint once removed.
Portable Storage Market
The portable storage market, like the modular space market, is highly fragmented and remains primarily local in nature. Portable storage units are typically ground‑level entry, windowless storage containers made of heavy exterior metals for secure storage and water tightness. Portable storage units can be built to specification or can be remanufactured from existing storage products, such as ISO shipping containers. Portable storage units also include temperature-controlled storage containers, walk-in freezers, refrigerated storage trailers and dock-height refrigerated trailers.
Portable storage units continue to find new applications as business needs change and develop. Demand for portable storage is driven by a number of factors, including:
•
Versatility:

portable storage units can be easily customized to suit customer specifications. While standard applications include locking double‑door systems to facilitate loading, custom entrances, such as rolling or sliding doors, can be added for personnel access. Units can also be outfitted with partitions, ramps, lighting, shelving and other interior organizational solutions.
•
Affordability:

portable storage provides customers with a flexible and low‑cost storage alternative to permanent warehouse space and fixed‑site self‑storage.
•
Safety:

units can be easily outfitted with fire and water‑resistant surfaces and materials. ISO containers are often wind and leak‑proof by virtue of their uses in logistics and shipping. Nearly all units are made from steel, which is a low‑cost, durable material.
•
Security: 
a variety of enhanced locking mechanisms are available for portable storage units offering additional protection for high‑value goods and inventory.
•
Convenience:

portable storage units provide immediate ground‑level access for consumers and can be easily transported in large quantities via truck, rail, or cargo ship to their job site, facility, retail location, or office site.
•
Aesthetics:

portable storage units can be easily painted and decorated with company colors and logos and are less conspicuous than other portable storage alternatives.
Other Related Markets
In the normal course of providing our turnkey solutions, we perform services that are characteristic of activities in other industries. For example, we coordinate a broad network of third-party and in-house transportation and service resources to support the timely movement of our products to, as well as maintenance on, customer sites. Additionally, we design, source, lease, and maintain a broad offering of ancillary products, which render our modular and storage units immediately functional in support of our customers’ needs. We have developed networks of third‑party service providers that we coordinate to expand the breadth of capabilities that our customers can source through us. These third‑party‑managed services represent incremental revenue and margin opportunities for us and simplify the number of vendor touchpoints for our customers.
We also provide technical expertise and oversight for customers regarding building design and permitting, site preparation, and expansion or contraction of installed space based on changes in project requirements. Further, we have the capability to compete in adjacent markets, such as other job site services, facilities management, logistics, and others that are natural extensions of our commercial space capabilities. We believe that this broad service capability differentiates us from other commercial space rental and service providers and is a competitive advantage in the marketplace.
Competition
Although our competition varies significantly by local market, the temporary space solutions industry is highly competitive and fragmented as a whole with new competitors emerging on a regular basis. We believe that participants in our industry compete based on customer relationships, product quality and availability, delivery speed, VAPS and service capabilities, pricing, and overall ease of doing business. We typically compete with one or more local providers in all of our markets, as well as with a limited number of national and regional companies. Our competitors include lessors of storage units, mobile offices, and other structures used for portable storage, as well as traditional commercial office space and conventional fixed self-storage facilities. Some of our competitors may have greater market share in certain geographic regions. Significant competitors include McGrath RentCorp, United Rentals, ATCO Structures & Logistics, and Satellite Shelters. 
13
Our Business and Growth Strategies
We intend to maintain a leading market position and increase our revenue and profitability by pursuing the following strategies, all of which we have demonstrated in our historical operating performance:
Expand Adjacent Solutions and Value-Added Products
We continue to expand our portfolio of space solutions, including climate-controlled storage, clearspan structures, and sanitation, among others. Collectively, when combined with our core offerings, these adjacent products offer further opportunities to extend our differentiated value proposition to existing customers. They also expose a diverse set of new customers and end markets to which we can, in turn, offer our entire portfolio of space solutions. We are approaching these adjacent offerings with a balanced combination of organic investment, acquisition, and new product innovation. During 2023, we acquired a US national provider of cold storage solutions and a US national provider of premium large clearspan structures. These acquisitions allowed us to establish market leadership positions in both climate-controlled storage and clearspan structures. During 2024, we grew our climate-controlled storage and clearspan businesses organically and through the acquisitions of assets of two regional providers of cold storage solutions and a US national provider of premium large clearspan structures. 
VAPS have been a prominent growth driver in our business for almost a decade. We believe this growth opportunity could be substantially larger if we successfully penetrate more of our modular space and portable storage units and continue to expand our VAPS offerings through new product introductions, which give us opportunities to build on lease revenues while providing more comprehensive solutions to customers. In 2024, we achieved new product introductions through innovative development, including our proprietary solar racking systems, and through the acquisition of a US regional provider of perimeter solutions. 
Leverage Scale and Organic Initiatives with Accretive Acquisitions
Our markets for modular space and portable storage solutions are fragmented. We believe we have the broadest network of operating branches in North America, as well as a scalable corporate center and information technology systems, which position us to continue to acquire and integrate other companies while expanding the products and services available and offered to acquired customers. We have a proven track record of efficiently integrating acquisitions and quickly eliminating operational redundancies. We expect to continue to pursue acquisitions of adjacent offerings to expand geographic reach, capabilities, and overall scale. We also plan to continue our programmatic tuck-in strategy opportunistically to provide further scale efficiencies and improve returns generated by the acquired assets. 
Optimize Lease Rate
We continue to advance multiple pricing strategies, product differentiation and positioning, customer and transaction segmentation, and contract standardization across our fleet to drive revenue growth. Our long history of rate growth gives us confidence that we can continue to successfully deploy this strategy. The turnover of our fleet, with average lease durations of approximately three years, creates natural and reoccurring opportunities to capture incremental price increases. As the market leader in our industry, we offer the broadest fleet portfolio, the most differentiated turnkey VAPS, and the most consistent service capabilities across the largest branch network to help our customers 'Right from the Start.'
Enhance Market Penetration Through Increased Sales Force Effectiveness
 Our US and Canadian teams operate using a single CRM software platform which provides greater visibility into our customer base and enhances our ability to cross-sell our portfolio of products to our customers. Our sales force is positioned to improve efficiency by leveraging our management information systems and using real-time information to monitor and optimize conversion of customer opportunities across our product lines. Our proprietary sales tool leverages multiple third-party and internally generated data sources to identify developing project opportunities, prioritize the leads, and recommend actions to our sales representatives. This gives us a platform to further optimize selling time and conversion and allows us to be more prescriptive recommending the appropriate bundled solutions that are tailored by project type. We believe our ability to leverage data helps us to significantly accelerate our market share convergence as well as increase penetration of our VAPS, while enhancing customer satisfaction. In turn, we expect that our broadened and enhanced fleet will continue to attract new customers and increase customer retention. Lastly, we also expect our recent investments in a single website, digital marketing capabilities, and our enhanced customer portal will enable us to capture additional demand. 
Generate Cash Flow Through Operational Efficiencies, Cost Reductions, and Technology
We are implementing many initiatives designed to improve operations and increase profitability. We continually assess our branch operating footprint, vendor base, and operating structure to maximize revenue generation while minimizing costs. We believe the increased scale, numerous operational best practices, SAP ERP platform, and consolidated CRM platform will significantly improve our operating efficiency over time. To improve our logistics capabilities, in 2024 we implemented a consolidated logistics platform and route optimization processes to minimize mileage, fuel cost and emissions. With a single ERP, CRM platform, and logistics platform in place, we unified our go-to-market approach for our modular and storage businesses to a single field sales and operations management structure where all modular and storage products are managed by a unified team in each local geographic market. We believe this new structure allows us to cross-sell our various products more effectively by being closer to our customers' needs in each geographical market, improves operations through 
14
sharing of logistics and service capabilities, and provides increased opportunities for our employees for career development and growth as we continue to expand our product offerings and services.
Deploy Capital to Strategically Support Organic Growth and Optimize Returns
We maintain a disciplined focus on our return on capital and invest opportunistically across multiple uniquely attractive asset classes, prioritizing our investments to where we see the strongest potential returns. We continually assess both our existing lease fleet and customer demand for opportunities to deploy capital more efficiently. We manage our maintenance capex and growth capex to align with the economic conditions in which we operate. Within our existing lease fleet, we examine the potential cash and earnings generation of an asset sale versus continuing to lease the asset. In addition, we examine the relative benefits of organic expansion opportunities versus expansion through acquisition to obtain a favorable return on capital.
Use Free Cash Flow to Drive Value Creation
Our Free Cash Flow generation has accelerated rapidly in recent years, and we expect this trend to continue as we execute our strategy. While we see numerous organic and inorganic opportunities to re-invest in our core businesses, we believe we can generate surplus Free Cash Flow with which we can both reduce leverage and return capital to shareholders over time via share repurchases and dividend distributions. We view disciplined and prudent capital allocation as an additional powerful value creation lever, and we are committed to deploying this capital as productively as possible in the interests of our shareholders.
Human Capital Management
As of December 31, 2024, we employed approximately 4,500 people in the US, Canada, Mexico, and India, the majority of whom are full time. Approximately 72% of employees work in our approximately 260 branch locations and additional drop lots, while 28% of employees serve in various shared services and corporate functions. We have not experienced a strike or significant work stoppage, and we consider our relations with our employees to be good. 
The Compensation Committee of our Board of Dir
ectors ("Board of Directors" or "Board") is responsible for providing oversight of our human capital strategy. Our
 Executive Vice President - Chief Human Resources Officer, in collaboration with our executive leadership team, leads efforts to align human capital resources with our strategic objectives. At WillScot, we believe that one of our main competitive advantages is our people - evident in the milestone anniversaries that we celebrate, our thriving peer recognition program, and our ability to attract and retain talent with expertise that strengthens our team and adds value to our customers. 
Our Company values are lived through our employees, 
acknowledged by our vendors and aligned to the needs of our customers and communities. Our values provide the basis of our approach to human capital management as well as how we engage with our stakeholders. 
Company Values
•
Dedicated to Health & Safety: 
We take responsibility for our own well-being and for those around us. Health and safety are first, last and everything in-between. 
•
Committed to Inclusion & Diversity:
 We are stronger together when we celebrate our differences and strive for inclusiveness. We encourage collaboration and support the diverse voices and thoughts of our employees and communities.
•
Driven to Excellence:

We measure success through our results and the achievement of our goals. We continuously seek to improve ourselves, our products and services in pursuit of shareholder value. 
•
Trustworthy & Reliable: 
We hold ourselves accountable to do the right thing, especially when nobody's looking.
•
Devoted to Our Customers: 
We anticipate the growing needs of our customers, strive to exceed their expectations and make it easy to do business with us.
•
Community Focused:
 We actively engage in the communities we serve and deliver sustainable solutions.
Our employee value proposition begins with our Dedication to Health & Safety. We take responsibility for our own well-being and those around us. Wherever our employees are in life’s journey, we support physical, financial, and emotional well-being through a range of programs and initiatives to support our employees and their families to Be Well. 
Physical Well-being
We provide benefits to all employees in the US, Canada, Mexico, and India that enhance our employees' well-being and support their health and welfare. We provide comprehensive medical benefits to all US-based employees, whether hourly or salaried. Core healthcare coverage includes medical, dental and vision benefits, and we pay an average of 75% of the cost of employee premiums. We offer high-deductible healthcare plans to all eligible employees to promote positive consumer behaviors. Through Health Savings Account (“HSA”) contributions, we cover between 35% and 50% of plan deductibles. We also provide paid parental leave. Additional programs include employer-paid short- and long-term disability, basic life insurance and AD&D, as well as voluntary supplemental medical benefits, legal, ID theft, home and auto insurance, and pet insurance. Recognizing that physical well-being is a journey, we also offer additional medical plan benefits including family planning 
15
support for fertility treatment, adoption and surrogacy, and personalized care for chronic conditions including diabetes and back, joint, and muscle pain. 
Financial Well-being 
Providing financial security for our employees is critical to overall well-being. Approximately 90% of employees participate in our 401(k) retirement savings program, which includes a Company match up to 4.5% on the first 6% of an employee’s contribution. We matched $15.1 million in 401(k) contributions in 2024. We also offer several educational services employees can use to strengthen their financial acumen.  
In addition to supporting employees’ long-term financial security, we employ market-based pay practices to ensure fair, competitive wages at every level of the organization. We use compensation benchmarking data from human capital consulting firms to set and maintain pay ranges and pay levels in line with market-based standards. We also administer multiple incentive pay plans designed to motivate and reward eligible employees commensurate with Company performance. Incentives may be either individually-based (sales commissions and bonuses), group-based (regional performance bonuses), or Company-based (corporate and executive employees).   
Emotional Well-being 

Caring for the emotional well-being of our employees means offering programs that meet a diverse range of work-life needs. Our Employee Assistance Program ("EAP") provides both mental health access and practical support for personal needs. From short-term counseling to clinical support for anxiety, depression and stress-related issues or substance abuse, our EAP enables our employees to access the care they need. Employees and members of their household can also access financial experts and legal guidance for help including retirement planning, tax assistance, wills and trusts and family law matters.  
Inclusion, Diversity, Equity and Accessibility  
Our commitment to inclusion at all levels of the organization is amplified by our Inclusiveness Resource Teams (“IRTs”): Women of WillScot (“WOW"), Black Organization for Leadership & Direction (“BOLD”), Veterans United, Hispanos, People Respecting that Identity and Sexuality Matters (“PRISM”), and Indigenous Connection. IRTs are voluntary, employee-led groups that work to foster an inclusive and diverse workplace aligned with our values and strategy. These groups were established to support our employees from specific demographic groups and their allies, to provide opportunities for development and sharing the lived experiences of our employees. We are stronger together when we celebrate our differences and strive for inclusiveness. Our IRTs encourage collaboration and support the diverse voices and thoughts of our employees and communities.
Learning and Development

We measure success through our results and the achievement of our goals. We continuously improve ourselves, our products and services in pursuit of shareholder value. In 2024, our employees completed more than 35,000 hours of training across a range of courses dedicated to compliance, safety and job-related learning and skill development. Our learning and development system houses a library of more than 6,000 courses. We also offer a language learning program and tuition reimbursement. 
Our Driver Apprentice Program provides developmental opportunities for individuals interested in becoming a Commercial Driver’s License Class A driver for the Company. Our foundational leadership development program (“LDP”) enrolls an average of 70 participants annually. We also host multiple in-person training events throughout the course of the year to connect employees to our strategic priorities and their career development goals. 
Community 
We are community focused. We actively engage in the communities we serve and deliver sustainable solutions. Our employees participate in pro-social giving through our “Give Where You Live” program and giving their time, talent and/or treasure to local non-profit organizations. We provide employees up to 16 hours per year in volunteer paid time off to participate in “Give Where You Live.” 
In addition to giving to charitable organizations that are meaningful to our employees and the communities we serve, we have national, non-profit partnerships with certain 501(c)(3) organizations in our core causes of Shelter, Hunger, Education and Health & Wellness. Through these partnerships, our employees participate in build days with Habitat for Humanity, food bank volunteering with Feeding America and St. Mary’s Food Bank, blood drives and emergency response initiatives with the American Red Cross, and work readiness and financial literacy programs with Junior Achievement.  
Compliance and Risk Mitigation  
Being trustworthy and reliable means, we hold ourselves accountable to do the right thing, especially when nobody is looking. Initiatives that the Company has implemented to maintain the highest level of professionalism and integrity include annual compliance training that focuses on the applicable cybersecurity, data privacy, legal and regulatory requirements needed to maintain a high level of security and risk standards. Our compliance training includes required modules on respectful communication, reporting and whistleblower protection, and bystander intervention for harassment. Employees also receive phishing simulation tests approximately once every six months and supplemental IT training on a quarterly basis. Additionally, the new hire onboarding process covers cybersecurity and data safety training for all employees. When we source 
16
talent through external sources for skilled trades, sales associates, and professional staff, we retain reputable recruiting firms that perform background checks as part of our new hire process. 
Safety
The protection of people is a core value at WillScot. Our health and safety priorities are a driving force that shape who we are and what we do. Safety extends beyond our branches and yards and includes travel and activities at the customer sites. WillScot fosters an environment in which our employees feel empowered and choose to make the safest and best decisions possible. We empower and reward employees for being personally accountable and exceeding safety guidelines in every task. Proper safety culture fosters personal accountability, leading to increased safety, active employee engagement, and a strong commitment to the Company and our customers.
Today, we believe we are operating at high levels of safety and low levels of injury. In 2024, our Total Recordable Incident Rate (“TRIR”) was 0.85, which translates to keeping our employees very safe, and we remain committed to creating a zero-harm culture. Every Company employee has “stop-work” authority allowing employees to stop work, report near misses, and identify improvements that impact their own safety and that of others, which supports our constant goal to identify and correct safety issues before they turn into incidents. 
Sustainability 
We are committed to upholding high standards when it comes to our environmental, social and governance responsibilities, as well as the safety of our employees and our business partners. As a leader in innovative and flexible space solutions, our approach to sustainability seeks to balance short-term and long-term solutions and considers the interests of our stakeholders in our everyday actions. The principal products we provide to our customers are long-lived, reusable, and relocatable, while producing minimal waste. For decades, we have committed ourselves to circular economic practices to reuse as many of our assets as possible, which aligns with our 2024 rebrand tagline "Right from the Start" as we consider all stages of our product lifecycle. 
Our Board of Directors, at the direction of our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, is actively involved in our sustainability strategy and approach. We continue to execute on the five pillars of our sustainability strategy: environmental responsibility, sustainable solutions for customers, effective governance, empowering our people, and community impact. In 2024, we enhanced our technology for tracking sustainability metrics to improve our ability to identify and act upon sustainability opportunities. 
Our business is managed for long-term success in a manner that we believe is economically, environmentally and socially responsible, and our sustainability efforts are focused in areas where we see tangible business impact. Over the next several years, we will continue to focus on ensuring a future where the communities in which we operate and customers we support can thrive.
Intellectual Property
We hold various trademarks and patents and do not believe we would be materially adversely affected by the expiration or termination of our trademarks or patents or the loss of any of our other intellectual property rights other than the "WillScot" name as we primarily operate under the WillScot brand. We also protect our products and services through the use of other trademarks and patents. Our trademarks and patents are registered or pending application for registration in the US Patent and Trademark Office and various non‑US jurisdictions. On our Modular fleet, we maintain a patent for the design of our FLEX units in the US and other patents in the US and non-US jurisdictions concerning various assembly and panel components. On our Storage fleet, we patented our proprietary Tri‑Cam Locking System®, ContainerGuardLock® and other continued improvements in locking technology, shelving systems (for which we obtained a trademark for PRORACK
TM
), container ramps, solar racking systems, and container canopy structures. We believe that continued innovation differentiates WillScot with our customers and represents a source of long-term competitive advantage.
Available Information
Our website address is www.willscot.com. We make available, free of charge through our website, our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”) as soon as reasonably practicable after such documents are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). The SEC maintains an internet website at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding WillScot. Our website also includes various Corporate Governance Policies, Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and charters of the Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of our Board of Directors, among other policies.
17
Regulatory and Environmental Compliance
We are subject to certain environmental, transportation, anti-corruption, import control, health and safety, and other laws and regulations in countries, states or provinces, and localities in which we operate. We incur significant costs in our business to comply with these laws and regulations. However, from time to time we may be subject to additional costs and penalties as a result of non-compliance. The discovery of currently unknown matters or conditions, new laws and regulations, or different enforcement or interpretation of existing laws and regulations could materially harm our business or operations in the future.
We are subject to laws and regulations that govern and impose liability for activities that may have adverse environmental effects, including discharges into air and water and handling and disposal of hazardous substances and waste. As of the date of this filing, no environmental matter has been material to our operations. Based on our management’s assessment, we believe that any environmental matters relating to us of which we are currently aware will not be material to our overall business or financial condition.
The jurisdictions in which we operate are also subject to anti-bribery laws and regulations, such as the US Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended (the “FCPA”). These regulations prevent companies and their officers, employees, and agents from making payments to officials and public entities of foreign countries to facilitate obtaining new contracts. Violations of these laws and regulations may result in criminal sanctions and significant monetary penalties.
Certain of our units and equipment are subject to regulation in certain states under motor vehicle and similar registrations and certificate of title statutes. We believe that the Company has complied, in all material respects, with all motor vehicle registration and similar certificate of title statutes in states where such statutes clearly apply to modular space units. We have not taken actions under such statutes in states where we have determined that such statutes do not apply to modular space units. However, in certain states, the applicability of such statutes to modular space units is not clear beyond doubt. If additional registration and related requirements are deemed to be necessary in such states or if the laws in such states or other states were to change to require us to comply with such requirements, we could be subject to additional costs, fees, and taxes as well as administrative burdens to comply with such statutes and requirements. We do not believe that the effect of such compliance will be material to our business or financial condition.
18