Item 1A. Risk Factors section.

If our integrated global manufacturing operations, including our contract manufacturers, suffer capacity constraints or production or shipping delays, we may have difficulty meeting customer demands.

Disruption of our ability to produce at or distribute from our manufacturing or contract manufacturing facilities could adversely affect our ability to manufacture products in a cost-effective and timely manner. We experienced lost sales opportunities in the past due to lack of capacity to meet the demand for certain of our products. If we cannot ramp up capacity fast enough to meet customer demand in the future, we may experience lost sales opportunities, lose market share and experience customer relations problems, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

We rely on unaffiliated contract manufacturers, both domestically and internationally, to produce certain products or key components of products. Our reliance on these contract manufacturers reduces our control over the manufacturing process and exposes us to risks, including reduced control over quality assurance, product supply and costs and timing. Any manufacturing disruption by our contract manufacturers could severely impair our ability to fulfill orders. Our reliance on outsourced manufacturers also increases the potential for infringement or misappropriation of our intellectual property.

If our internal manufacturing operations or contract manufacturers suffer delays or disruptions in production or other operations for any reason, including financial instability of the contract manufacturer, labor disturbances or shortages, fires, electrical outages, cybersecurity incidents, pandemics/epidemics, severe weather events, natural disasters, geopolitical instability, acts of violence or terrorism, shipping interruptions including port distribution delays or interruptions, increased manufacturing lead times, capacity constraints or quality control problems in their manufacturing operations, failure to meet our future requirements for timely delivery or some other catastrophic event, our ability to manufacture products at our manufacturing or contract manufacturer facilities and ship products to our customers in a cost-effective and timely manner could be impaired, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

Our contract manufacturers typically fulfill our supply requirements on the basis of individual orders. In most cases, we do not have long-term contracts with our contract manufacturers that guarantee capacity, the continuation of particular pricing terms or the extension of credit limits. Accordingly, our contract manufacturers are not always obligated to continue to fulfill our supply requirements, which could result in supply shortages, and the prices we are charged for manufacturing services could be increased on short notice. If our manufacturers are unable or unwilling to continue manufacturing our products in required volumes, we will be required to identify one or more acceptable alternative manufacturers to satisfy our demand. There is no assurance that we would be able to identify suitable alternative manufacturing partners on a timely basis, on terms that are acceptable to us, or at all.

Some of our manufacturing and contract manufacturing facilities rely on aging production equipment and information technology infrastructure, and if we fail or our contract manufacturers fail to properly maintain or update this equipment, it could affect our ability to manufacture or ship products.

25

Strategic Risks

The successful execution of our CommScope NEXT transformation plan is key to the long-term success of our business.

Over the last several years, we have been executing under a business transformation initiative called CommScope NEXT, designed to drive stakeholder value. CommScope NEXT could result in changes to our business that may result in a number of risks and uncertainties, including the following: lost customers or reduced sales volumes if customers do not accept higher pricing, our new product offerings or if we discontinue or divest of product lines; higher one-time costs such as restructuring costs and transaction, transformation and integration costs; the loss of key management and other employees if we are not successful in getting employee buy-in for CommScope NEXT; and additional supply chain disruptions or higher costs of supplies if we do not successfully execute our projects related to direct and indirect procurement. The implementation of CommScope NEXT may take longer than anticipated, and once implemented, we may not realize, in full or in part, the anticipated benefits or such benefits may be realized more slowly than anticipated. Any failure to realize benefits could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and stock price.

Difficulties may be encountered in the realignment of manufacturing capacity and capabilities among our global manufacturing facilities and our contract manufacturers that could adversely affect our ability to meet customer demand for our products.

We periodically realign manufacturing capacity among our global facilities and contract manufacturers in order to reduce costs by improving manufacturing efficiency and to strengthen our long-term competitive position. The implementation of these strategic initiatives may include significant shifts of production capacity among facilities and contract manufacturers. For example, in the past,  we have transitioned manufacturing for certain products in response to newly enacted tariffs. In addition, in response to intermittent shutdowns of our facilities during the COVID-19 pandemic, we transitioned certain manufacturing to less impacted facilities. These changes are time-consuming and costly, and changes in our contract manufacturers or manufacturing locations may cause significant interruptions in supply if the manufacturers have difficulty manufacturing products to our specifications. There are significant risks inherent in the implementation of these initiatives, including our failure to ensure the following: adequate inventory on hand or production capacity to meet customer demand while capacity is being shifted among facilities; maintaining product quality as a result of shifting capacity; adequate raw material and other service providers to meet the needs at the new production locations; ability to successfully remove, transport and re-install equipment; and availability of adequate supervisory, production and support personnel to accommodate the shifted production. In the event manufacturing realignment initiatives are not successfully implemented, we could experience lost future sales and increased operating costs, as well as customer relations problems, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

The separation, discontinuance or divestiture of a business or product line is subject to various risks and uncertainties that could disrupt or adversely affect our business.

To better optimize our portfolio of products, we have recently divested the Home Networks segment, the OWN segment and the DAS business, and we may in the future decide to separate, discontinue or divest of other businesses or product lines that we believe are not core to CommScope’s business, or where we believe the separation, discontinuation or divestiture will be accretive to stakeholders. A plan to separate, discontinue or divest a business or product line is complex in nature and can be affected by unanticipated developments or changes, including changes in the macroeconomic, regulatory or political environment, changes in credit or equity markets or changes in other market conditions.

If we do choose to separate, discontinue or divest of a business or product line and successfully complete the separation plan, we cannot assure you or any of our stakeholders that we will achieve the expected benefits. Upon completion, we would also be a smaller, less diversified company and may be more vulnerable to changing market conditions. In addition, we will continue to incur certain ongoing costs, which will be shared across a smaller company and which may exceed our estimates.

26

Whether or not a separation plan is completed, our businesses may face risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to: the diversion of senior management’s attention from ongoing business concerns; maintaining employee morale and retaining key management and other employees; retaining existing business and operational relationships, including with customers, suppliers and employees, and attracting new business and operational relationships; foreseen and unforeseen costs and expenses; and potential negative reactions from the financial markets if we fail to complete a separation plan as expected, within the anticipated time frame, or at all. Any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and stock price.

Our business strategy has historically relied, in part, on acquisitions to create growth. We may not fully realize anticipated benefits from past or future acquisitions or investments in other companies.

Our business strategy has historically relied, in part, on acquisitions to create growth, such as our acquisitions of Casa in 2024, ARRIS in 2019 and TE Connectivity’s Broadband Network Solutions business (the BNS business) in 2015. We anticipate that a portion of our future growth may be accomplished by acquiring existing businesses, products or technologies. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to identify suitable acquisition opportunities or obtain the necessary financing on acceptable terms to provide these future growth opportunities. We may spend time and money investigating and negotiating with potential acquisition or investment targets without completing the transaction, which may divert or waste resources.

All acquisitions involve risks, such as the assumption of additional liabilities and expenses, issuance of debt, incurrence of transaction and integration costs, diversion of management’s attention from other business concerns, assumption of unknown contingent liabilities, unanticipated litigation costs and falling short of growth expectations. There are also significant challenges to integrating an acquired operation into our business, including, but not limited to, successfully managing the operations, manufacturing facilities and technology of the combined business; integrating the sales organizations; maintaining and increasing the customer base; retaining key employees, suppliers and distributors; integrating management information systems, including enterprise resource planning (ERP) systems; integrating inventory management and accounting activities; integrating R&D activities; navigating markets in which we potentially have limited or no prior experience; integrating and implementing effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls over financial reporting; and the impact of goodwill or other impairment charges, amortization costs for acquired intangible assets and acquisition accounting treatment, including the loss of deferred revenue and increases in the fair values of inventory and other acquired assets, on our financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, such acquisitions may be dilutive to our financial results. Although we typically expect to realize strategic, operational and financial benefits as a result of our past and future acquisitions and investments, we cannot predict or guarantee whether and to what extent anticipated cost savings, synergies and growth prospects will be achieved. For example, we have not fully achieved the expected growth prospects associated with the ARRIS acquisition and that has had adverse effects on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and stock price.

We may need to undertake additional restructuring actions in the future.

We have previously recognized restructuring charges in conjunction with the implementation of initiatives to reduce costs and improve the efficiency of our operations and to integrate acquisitions. For example, the CommScope NEXT actions to date have included the closure of a manufacturing facility, reduction in our real estate footprint, including the consolidation of distribution facilities, as well as workforce reductions. In prior years, we have also undertaken a number of initiatives to support the integration of acquisitions, such as the 2019 acquisition of the ARRIS business and the 2015 acquisition of the BNS business. These initiatives also included the closure of manufacturing facilities, consolidation of distribution centers and other real estate and various other workforce reductions. As a result of the continued efforts related to CommScope NEXT, changes in business conditions and other developments, we may need to initiate additional restructuring actions that could result in workforce reductions and restructuring charges, which could adversely and materially affect our cash flows.

Carlyle owns a substantial portion of our equity and its interests may not be aligned with yours.

Funding for the acquisition of ARRIS included an investment by Carlyle in our Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. As a result, Carlyle owns approximately 17% of our common stock on an if-converted basis and has the right to designate up to two directors on our Board of Directors (Board). In addition, certain of our existing directors are senior advisors to Carlyle. As a result, Carlyle has significant influence on our business. Circumstances may occur in which the interests of Carlyle could conflict with the interests of our other stockholders.

27

Business and Operational Risks

Our future success depends on our ability to anticipate and adapt to changes in technology and customer preferences and develop, implement and market innovative solutions.

Many of our markets are characterized by rapid advances in information processing and communications capabilities that require increased transmission speeds and density and greater bandwidth. These advances require significant investments in R&D in order to improve the capabilities of our products and services and develop new offerings or solutions that will meet the needs and preferences of our customers. There can be no assurance that our investments in R&D will yield marketable product or service innovations.

We may not be successful in our ongoing innovation efforts if, among other things, our products and services are not cost effective, brought to market in a timely manner, compliant with evolving industry standards, accepted in the market or recognized as meeting customer requirements. We could experience a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows if we are not successful in our ongoing innovation efforts.

As our products become more complex and customer preferences continue to change, we may encounter difficulties in meeting such preferences, including performance, service and delivery expectations. Developing our products is expensive, complex and involves uncertainties. Each phase in the development of our products presents serious risks of failure, rework or delay, any one of which could impact the timing and cost-effective development of such product and could jeopardize end customer acceptance of the product. We have experienced in the past, and may in the future experience, design, manufacturing, marketing and other difficulties that could delay or prevent the development, introduction or marketing of new products and enhancements. Any such difficulties or delays could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

If we do not stay current with product life cycle developments, our business may suffer.

To compete successfully, we must continue to innovate in anticipation of both our customers’ needs and developing industry trends, which require us to quickly design, develop, manufacture and sell new or enhanced products that provide increasingly higher levels of performance and reliability. If we do not have competitively priced, market-accepted products available to meet our customers’ planned roll-out of new technologies, we may miss a significant opportunity and our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.

The introduction of new or enhanced products requires that we carefully manage the transition from older products to minimize disruption in customer ordering practices and ensure that new products can be timely delivered to meet our customers’ demand. If we are not able to support our customers in an effective and cost-efficient manner as they advance from older generation networks or as they expand the capacity of their networks, our business will suffer.

Furthermore, there are several major trends that we expect to continue to impact the enterprise market and product life cycles, including the shift to 5G, enterprise shifts toward mobility indoors and adjustments of in-building cabling designs to support Wi-Fi, more access points and in-building cellular applications. Due to significant increases in data traffic and migrations of applications to the cloud, enterprises are also shifting spending toward multi-tenant data centers and hyperscale cloud service providers, which offer cloud data centers services as a replacement to in-house corporate data centers. As a result, there is growing demand for fiber solutions and decelerating demand for copper solutions. If we are unable to continue to support customers in these transitions, or if sales of copper products decline faster than expected, we could experience a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

In order to stay current with product life cycle developments, we have formed strategic relationships with leading technology companies to provide us with early access to technology that we believe will help keep us at the forefront of our industry. Our strategic alliances are generally based on business relationships that have not been the subject of written agreements expressly providing for the alliance to continue for a significant period of time, and the loss of any such strategic relationship could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.

28

If our products do not effectively interoperate with cellular networks and mobile devices, future sales of our products could be negatively affected.

Many of our products are designed to interoperate with cellular networks and mobile devices using Wi-Fi technology. These networks and devices have varied and complex specifications. As a result, we must ensure that our products interoperate effectively with these existing and planned networks and devices. To meet these requirements, we must continue development and testing efforts that require significant capital and employee resources. We may not accomplish these development efforts quickly or cost-effectively, or at all. If our products do not interoperate effectively, orders for our products could be delayed or cancelled, which would harm our revenue, operating results and reputation, potentially resulting in the loss of existing and potential end customers. The failure of our products to interoperate effectively with cellular networks or mobile devices may result in significant warranty, support and repair costs, may divert the attention of our engineering personnel from our product development efforts and may cause significant customer relations problems. In addition, our end customers may require our products to comply with new and rapidly evolving security or other certifications and standards. If our products are late in achieving or fail to achieve compliance with these certifications and standards, or our competitors first achieve compliance with these certifications and standards, such end customers may not purchase our products, which would harm our business, operating results, financial condition and cash flows.

If our product or service offerings, including material purchased from our suppliers, have quality or performance issues, our business may suffer.

Our business depends on delivering products and services of consistently high quality. Many of our solutions are highly complex, and testing procedures used by us and our customers are limited to evaluating them under likely and foreseeable failure scenarios. Many of our products include both hardware and software components. It is not unusual for software, especially in earlier versions, to contain bugs that can unexpectedly interfere with expected operations. For various reasons, once deployed, our products may fail to perform as expected. Performance issues could result from faulty design, defective raw materials or components purchased from suppliers, problems in manufacturing or installation errors. We have experienced such performance issues in the past and remain exposed to such performance issues in the future. In some cases, recall of some or all affected products, product redesigns or additional capital expenditures may be required to correct a defect; and depending on the number of products affected, the cost of fixing or replacing such products could have a material impact on our results of operations and cash flows. Our agreements with our contract manufacturers and component suppliers may not cover all costs related to defects.

In some cases, we are dependent on a sole supplier for components used in our products. Defects in sole-sourced components subject us to additional risk of being unable to quickly address any product issues or failures experienced by our customers as a result of the component defect and could delay our ability to deliver new products until the defective components are corrected or a new supplier is identified and qualified. This could increase our costs in resolving the product issue, result in decreased sales of the impacted product or damage our reputation with customers, any of which could negatively impact our results of operations.

Hardware or software defects could also permit unauthorized users to gain access to our customers’ networks and/or a consumer’s home network. In addition to potentially damaging our reputation with customers, such defects may also subject us to claims for damages under agreements with our customers and fines by regulatory authorities.

We offer warranties on most products, the terms and conditions of which depend upon the product subject to the warranty. In many cases, we also indemnify our customers against damages or losses that might arise from certain claims relating to our products and services. Future claims may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Any significant or systemic product or service failure could also result in lost future sales as a result of reputational damage.

Our products have been deployed in many different locations and user environments and are capable of providing services and connectivity to many different types of devices operating a variety of applications. The ability of our products to operate effectively can be negatively impacted by many different elements unrelated to our products. For example, a user’s experience may suffer from an incorrect setting in a Wi-Fi device. Although certain technical problems experienced by users may not be caused by our products, users often may perceive them to be the underlying cause of poor performance of the wireless network. This perception, even if incorrect, could harm our business and reputation. Similarly, a high-profile network failure may be caused by improper operation of the network or failure of a network component that we did not supply, but service providers may perceive that our products were implicated, which, even if incorrect, could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

29

We depend on cloud computing infrastructure operated by third parties and any disruption in these operations could adversely affect our business.

For certain of our service offerings, in particular our Wi-Fi-related cloud services, we rely on third parties to provide cloud computing infrastructure that offers storage capabilities, data processing and other services. We currently operate our cloud-dependent services using Amazon Web Service (AWS), Google Compute Engine (GCE) or Microsoft Azure (Azure). We cannot easily switch our AWS, GCE or Azure operations to another cloud provider. Any disruption of or interference with our use of these cloud services would impact our operations and our business could be adversely impacted.

Problems faced by our third-party cloud service providers with the telecommunications network providers with whom we or they contract or with the systems by which our telecommunications providers allocate capacity among their customers, including us, could adversely affect the experience of our end customers. If AWS, GCE or Azure are unable to keep up with our needs for capacity, this could have an adverse effect on our business. Any changes in third-party cloud services or any errors, defects, disruptions or other performance problems with our cloud-based applications, could adversely affect our reputation and may damage our end customers’ stored files or result in lengthy interruptions in our services. Interruptions in our services might adversely affect our reputation and operating results, cause us to issue refunds or service credits, subject us to potential liabilities or result in contract terminations.

Our business depends on effective management information systems.

We rely on effective management information systems for critical business operations, to support strategic business decisions and to maintain a competitive edge in the marketplace. We rely on our ERP systems to support critical business operations such as processing sales orders and invoicing, manufacturing, shipping, inventory control, purchasing and supply chain management, human resources and financial reporting. Upgrades and integrations of new software or systems have risks and any future upgrades or integrations could disrupt our operations, divert management’s attention and have an adverse effect on our capital resources, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.

We also rely on management information systems to produce information for business decision-making and planning and to support digital platforms. Failure to maintain an adequate digital platform or to make additional investment in our digital platform to support e-commerce activities and improve our customer experience could have a material adverse impact on our business through lost sales opportunities.

Many of our systems rely on software and other products provided by third-parties. Any outages or downtime of such third-party software, including due to defective updates, could have a material adverse impact on our business operations and results of operations.

If we are unable to maintain our management information systems, including our IT infrastructure, to support critical business operations, produce information for business decision-making activities and support digital customer experience activities, we could experience a material adverse impact on our business or an inability to timely and accurately report our financial results.

30

Cybersecurity incidents, including data security breaches, ransomware or computer viruses, could harm our business by exposing us to various liabilities, disrupting our delivery of products and services and damaging our reputation.

We rely extensively on our management information technology systems and those of third parties to operate our business and store proprietary information about our products and intellectual property. Additionally, we and others acting on our behalf receive, process, store and transmit confidential data, including “personally identifiable information,” with respect to employees, vendors, customers and others. As the continued rise in cybersecurity incidents around the world indicates, all management information technology systems are vulnerable. We experienced a cybersecurity incident in the first quarter of 2023, but it had limited impact on our business operations. Despite the security controls we have put in place since that incident, our facilities, systems and procedures, and those of our third-party service providers, are still at risk of security breaches, acts of vandalism, ransomware, software viruses, misplaced or lost data, programming and/or human errors or other similar events. In particular, unauthorized access to our computer systems or stored data could result in the theft or improper disclosure of proprietary, confidential, sensitive or personal information, the deletion or modification of records or interruptions in our operations. These cybersecurity risks increase when we transmit information from one location to another, including transmissions over the Internet or other electronic networks. Any future significant compromise or breach of our data security, whether external or internal, or misuse of employee, vendor, customer, or Company data, could result in significant costs, lost sales, fines, lawsuits, lost customers and damage to our reputation. We employ a variety of security breach countermeasures and security controls designed to mitigate these risks, but we cannot guarantee that all breach attempts can be successfully thwarted by these measures as the sophistication of attacks increases. As cyber threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend additional resources to mitigate new and emerging threats while continuing to enhance our information security capabilities or to investigate and remediate security vulnerabilities.

In addition, defects in some of the hardware or software we develop and sell, including in our engineering or in their implementation by our customers, could result in unauthorized access to our customers’ and/or consumers’ networks. Such unauthorized access could result in third parties gaining access to the private and personal information and technology of our customers, such as home health information, home cameras or other personal information or technology. Any such events could result in theft of personal information, trade secrets and intellectual property; give rise to legal proceedings; cause us to incur increased costs for insurance premiums, security, remediation and regulatory compliance; subject us to civil and criminal penalties; expose us to liabilities to our customers, employees, vendors, governmental authorities or other third parties; allow others to unfairly compete with us; disrupt our delivery of products and services; expose the confidential information of our clients and others; and have a negative impact on our reputation, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and stock price.

Climate change may have a long-term impact on our business.

There are inherent climate change risks wherever business is conducted. The potential physical impacts of climate change on our operations are highly uncertain and would be particular to the geographic areas in which we operate. These may include changes in rainfall and storm patterns and intensities, water shortages, changing sea levels and changing temperatures. These impacts may adversely impact the cost, production levels and financial performance of our operations. Climate-related events, including the increasing frequency and intensity of extreme weather events and their impact on critical infrastructure in the regions in which we operate, have the potential to disrupt our business, our third-party suppliers, and/or the business of our customers and may cause us to experience higher attrition, losses and additional costs to maintain or resume operations. CommScope aligns with the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) standards, Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) standards and makes use of the Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP) platform, which is committed to aligning with the Task Force on Climate Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) recommendations to accurately assess, take potential proactive action and report as appropriate. For additional information, which is not incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, see our Sustainability report on the CommScope website: 
https://www.commscope.com/corporate-responsibility-and-sustainability/
.

31

Labor-Related Risks

Failure to attract, develop and maintain a highly skilled and diverse workforce or effectively manage changes in our workforce can have an adverse effect on our business.

Our business requires that we attract, develop and maintain a highly skilled and diverse workforce. Our employees are highly sought after by our competitors and other companies and our continued ability to compete effectively depends on our ability to attract, retain, develop and motivate highly skilled personnel for all areas of our organization. Our ability to do so has been and may continue to be impacted by challenges in the labor market, which has experienced and may continue to experience wage inflation, labor shortages, increased employee turnover, changes in availability of our workforce and a shift toward remote work. Any unplanned turnover, sustained labor shortage or unsuccessful implementation of our succession plans to backfill current leadership positions, including the Chief Executive Officer, or failure to attract, develop and maintain a highly skilled and diverse workforce can deplete our institutional knowledge base, erode our competitive advantage or result in increased costs due to increased competition for employees, higher employee turnover or increased employee benefit costs, all of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Disruptions in labor, including strikes or work stoppages, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

We have experienced and could continue to experience disruption in our manufacturing operations and supply chain, including labor shortages or changes in the availability of our or our business partners’ workforce, strikes or work stoppages (including by third parties involved in the manufacture, production and distribution of our products). Although none of our U.S. employees are represented by unions, a significant portion of our international employees are members of unions or subject to works councils or similar statutory arrangements. Strikes or work stoppages or other business interruptions have occurred and may occur in the future if we or the third parties that are involved in the manufacturing, production and distribution of our products are unable to renew or enter into new agreements on satisfactory terms. This can impair the manufacturing and distribution of our products, interrupt product supply, lead to a loss of sales, increase our costs or otherwise affect our ability to fully implement future operational changes to enhance our efficiency or to adapt to changing business needs or strategy, all of which can adversely affect our business.

International Risks

Our significant international operations expose us to economic, political, foreign exchange rate and other risks.

We have significant international sales, manufacturing, distribution and R&D operations. Our major international manufacturing, distribution and R&D facilities are located in China, the Czech Republic, Germany, India, Ireland, Mexico and the U.K. For the year ended December 31, 2024, international sales represented 34% of our consolidated net sales. In general, our international sales have lower gross profit percentages than our domestic sales. To the extent international sales increase as a percentage of our net sales, our overall gross profit percentages may decline.

Our international sales, manufacturing, distribution and R&D operations are subject to the risks inherent in operating abroad, including, but not limited to, coordinating communications among and managing international operations; currency exchange rate fluctuations; economic and political destabilization, including the current risk with China-Taiwan relations, China-U.S. relations and Russia-U.S. relations; restrictive actions by foreign governments; price inflation; volatile interest rates; wage inflation; nationalization of businesses and expropriation of assets; the laws and policies of the U.S. and other countries affecting trade and tariffs, including additional tariffs implemented or proposed by the new administration (and counter tariffs from other countries that may be implemented in response): anti-bribery, foreign investment and loans; foreign tax laws, including the ability to recover amounts paid as value-added and similar taxes; potential restrictions on the repatriation of cash; reduced protection of intellectual property; longer customer payment cycles; compliance with local laws and regulations, including the imposition of new data privacy and climate change regulations; volatile geopolitical turmoil, including popular uprisings, regional conflicts, terrorism, and war; shipping interruptions, including shortages of containers or port congestion; major public health or safety concerns, such as pandemics and infectious diseases; natural or man-made disasters; inflexible labor contracts or labor laws in the event of business downturns; and economic boycott for doing business in certain countries. Although the Company maintains insurance coverage for certain types of losses, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses that may arise.

32

A significant portion of our products sold in the U.S. are manufactured outside the U.S. To the extent there are changes in U.S. trade policies, which have been implemented and/or proposed by the new administration, such as significant increases in tariffs or duties for goods brought into the U.S., our competitive position may be adversely impacted and the resulting effect on our earnings could be material. For a more complete discussion of our risks related to trade policies, see the risk factor, “Additional tariffs or a global trade war could increase the cost of our products, which could adversely impact the competitiveness of our products” under “International Risks” in this Item 1A, Risk Factors section.

Risks related to fluctuations in foreign currency rates has impacted in the past and could continue to impact our sales, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our foreign currency risk exposure is mainly concentrated in Chinese yuan, European Union (E.U.) euro, British pound sterling, Mexican peso, Japanese yen, Canadian dollar, Australian dollar, Brazilian real, South African rand, Indian rupee and Czech koruna. We manage our foreign currency rate risks through regular operating and financing activities and use derivative financial instruments such as foreign exchange forward contracts. There can be no assurance that our risk management strategies will be effective or that the counterparties to our derivative contracts will be able to perform. In addition, foreign currency rates in many of the countries in which we operate have at times been extremely volatile and unpredictable. We may choose not to hedge or determine we are unable to effectively hedge the risks associated with this volatility. In such cases, we may experience declines in sales and adverse impacts on earnings and such changes could be material.

Additional tariffs or a global trade war could increase the cost of our products, which could adversely impact the competitiveness of our products.

There is uncertainty about the future relationship between the U.S. and various other countries, most significantly China and Mexico, with respect to trade policies and tariffs. The new U.S. administration has implemented and/or proposed substantial changes to U.S. foreign trade policy with respect to China and other countries, including the possibility of imposing greater restrictions on international trade and significant increases in tariffs on goods imported into the U.S, but there remains uncertainty surrounding if and when all such changes may be implemented and the magnitude of any such changes.

This uncertainty about the future relationship between the U.S. and certain of its trading partners may reduce trade between the U.S. and other nations, including countries in which we currently operate, or result in a global economic slowdown with long-term changes to global trade. Changes in policy or continued uncertainty could depress economic activity and restrict our access to suppliers or customers. The tariffs implemented on our products (or on materials, parts or components we use to manufacture our products) by past U.S. administrations increased the cost of our products manufactured in the U.S. and imported into the U.S. If additional tariffs or trade restrictions are implemented on our products (or on materials, parts or components we use to manufacture our products) by the U.S. or other countries, the cost of our products manufactured in China, Mexico or other countries and imported into the U.S. or other countries could increase further. We expect to continue to pass along some of these costs to our customers, but the increased cost could adversely affect the demand for products. We have been successful in the past in shifting the manufacturing locations for some of the impacted products, but this takes time and results in additional one-time costs and these alternative locations may have higher ongoing manufacturing costs. These cost increases could adversely affect the demand for our products and/or reduce margins, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and our earnings. In addition, a significant percentage of our component parts are manufactured in China and other Southeast Asian countries. The impact of tariffs or other geopolitical instability may limit our access and our manufacturing partners’ access to those components, which would impact production and could lead to further increases to product costs. Additionally, further escalation of trade tensions could lead to the possible decoupling of the U.S. and China economies. Any or all of these factors could negatively affect demand for our products and our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, and such effects could be material.

33

Our significant international operations expose us to increased challenges in complying with anti-corruption laws and regulations of the U.S. government and various other international jurisdictions.

We are required to comply with the anti-corruption laws and regulations of the U.S. government and various other international jurisdictions, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act, and our failure to comply with these laws and regulations may expose us to significant liabilities. These laws and regulations may apply to companies, individual directors, officers, employees and agents, and may restrict our operations, trade practices, investment decisions and partnering activities. Violations of these legal requirements are punishable by significant criminal fines and imprisonment, civil penalties, disgorgement of profits, injunctions, debarment from government contracts and other remedial measures. We have established policies, procedures and internal controls designed to assist us and our personnel in complying with applicable U.S. and international anti-corruption laws and regulations. However, our employees, subcontractors or channel partners could take actions that violate these requirements. In addition, some of the international jurisdictions in which we operate have elevated levels of corruption. As a result, we are exposed to an increased risk of violating anti-corruption laws. Violation of anti-corruption laws could adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, and such effects could be material.

We are subject to governmental export and import controls and sanctions programs that could subject us to liability or impair our ability to compete in international markets.

Certain of our products, including purchased components of such products, are subject to export controls and may be exported only with the required export license or through an export license exemption. In addition, we are required to comply with certain U.S. and foreign import and customs rules, sanctions and embargos such as the U.S. enacted Uyghur Forced Labor Prevention Act (UFLPA) that became effective in 2022. Although we believe the risk of a UFLPA enforcement action against the Company is low at this time, we will continue to monitor the ongoing potential impact as the Customs and Border Protection guidance will continue to evolve. If we were to fail to comply with applicable export licensing, customs regulations, economic sanctions and other laws, we could be subject to substantial civil and criminal penalties, including fines, the incarceration of responsible employees and managers and the possible loss of export or import privileges. In addition, if our distributors fail to obtain appropriate import, export or re-export licenses or permits, we may also be adversely affected through reputational harm and penalties. Obtaining the necessary export license for a particular sale may be time-consuming and may result in a delay or loss of sales opportunities.

Furthermore, export control laws and economic sanctions prohibit the shipment of certain products to embargoed or sanctioned countries, governments and persons. While we train our employees to comply with these regulations and have systems in place designed to prevent compliance failures, we cannot assure you that a violation will not occur, whether knowingly or inadvertently. Any such shipment could have negative consequences, including government investigations, penalties, fines, civil and criminal sanctions and reputational harm.

Any change in export or import regulations, economic sanctions or related legislation, shift in the enforcement or scope of existing regulations or change in the countries, governments, persons or technologies targeted by such regulations could result in our decreased ability to export, import or sell our products to existing or potential customers, particularly those with international operations. Any limitation on our ability to export, import or sell our products could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, and such effects could be material.

Litigation and Regulatory Risks

We may not be successful in protecting our intellectual property and in defending against claims that we are infringing on the intellectual property of others, and any such actions may be costly.

We may encounter difficulties and significant costs in protecting our intellectual property rights or obtaining rights to additional intellectual property to permit us to continue or expand our business. Other companies, including some of our largest competitors, hold intellectual property rights in our industry, and the intellectual property rights of others could inhibit our ability to introduce new products unless we secure necessary licenses on commercially reasonable terms.

34

In the past, we have initiated litigation in order to enforce patents issued or licensed to us or to determine the scope and/or validity of a third-party’s patent or other proprietary rights, and we may initiate similar litigation in the future. We also have been and may in the future be subject to lawsuits by third parties seeking to enforce their own intellectual property rights, including against certain of the products or intellectual property that we have acquired through acquisitions. Any such litigation, regardless of outcome, could be costly and could subject us to significant liabilities or require us to cease using proprietary third-party technology. In addition, the payment of any damages or any necessary licensing fees or indemnification costs associated with a patent infringement claim could be material and could also materially adversely affect our cash flows and operating results. Such litigation can also be a significant distraction to management.

In certain markets, we may be required to address counterfeit versions of our products. We may incur significant costs in pursuing the originators of such counterfeit products and, if we are unsuccessful in eliminating them from the market, we may experience a reduction in the value of our products, harm to our reputation and/or a reduction in our net sales.

Because of the nature of information that may pass through or be stored on certain of our solutions or networks, we, our vendors and our end customers are subject to complex and evolving U.S. and foreign laws and regulations regarding information privacy, data protection, cybersecurity and other related matters.

Globally, there has been an increase in laws and regulatory action concerning privacy-related matters. Generally, these laws create rights for individuals in their personal data as well as impose obligations on businesses regarding the handling of such personal data, including data of employees, consumers and business contacts. Several U.S. states are considering or have adopted legislation requiring companies to disclose the collection of personal data, protect the security of personal information that they hold or respond to individuals’ rights regarding their personal data. For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), which went into effect on January 1, 2020, subjects us to stricter obligations, greater fines and more private causes of action related to data security. The California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA), which is effective in 2023, amends and further expands the CCPA. Virginia, Connecticut, Utah and Colorado enacted similar laws in 2023. Many jurisdictions have also enacted or are enacting laws requiring companies to notify regulators or individuals of data security incidents involving certain types of personal data, including the rule issued by the Securities and Exchange Commission in the U.S. in 2023 that requires public disclosure of material security incidents. These mandatory disclosures regarding security incidents often lead to widespread negative publicity. Any security incident, whether actual or perceived, could harm our reputation, erode customer confidence in the effectiveness of our data security measures, negatively impact our ability to attract or retain customers, or subject us to third-party lawsuits, regulatory fines or other action or liability, which could materially and adversely affect our business and operating results.

Foreign data protection, privacy and other laws and regulations can be more restrictive than those in the U.S. For example, the E.U.’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), which became effective in May 2018, was designed to harmonize data privacy laws across Europe, to protect all E.U. citizens’ data privacy, empower E.U. citizens with respect to their personal data and to reshape the way organizations across the region approach data privacy. Compliance with GDPR has required changes to products and service offerings, internal and external software systems, including our websites, and changes to many company processes and policies. Failure to comply with GDPR could cause significant penalties and loss of business. Subsequent judicial rulings in Europe about GDPR have invalidated the E.U.-U.S. privacy shield framework, which was the mechanism relied upon by some of our vendors for personal data transfers out of the E.U. Additionally, these rulings require companies like ours to assess their personal data transfers from the E.U. to determine whether the protections in the U.S. or any country without an adequacy determination meet E.U. standards in the context of the specific transfer. A European data protection authority could disagree with our assessment of such transfers, resulting in penalties or required changes in how we transfer data within our company.

In addition, some countries are considering or have passed legislation requiring local storage and processing of data. For example, Brazil and India have each adopted such laws that became effective in January 2020. These new and proposed laws could increase the cost and complexity of offering our solutions or maintaining our business operations in those jurisdictions. The introduction of new solutions or expansion of our activities in certain jurisdictions may subject us to additional laws and regulations. Our channel partners and end customers also may be subject to such laws and regulations in the use of our products and services.

35

These U.S. federal and state and foreign laws and regulations, which often can be enforced by private parties or government entities, are constantly evolving. In addition, the application and interpretation of these laws and regulations are often uncertain, may be interpreted and applied inconsistently from jurisdiction to jurisdiction and may be contradictory with each other. For example, a government entity in one jurisdiction may demand the transfer of information forbidden from transfer by a government entity in another jurisdiction. If our actions were determined to be in violation of any of these disparate laws and regulations, in addition to the possibility of fines, we could be ordered to change our data practices, which could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations and financial condition. There is also a risk that we, directly or as the result of a third-party service provider we use, could be found to have failed to comply with the laws or regulations applicable in a jurisdiction regarding the collection, handling, transfer, disposal or consent to the use of personal data, which could subject us to fines or other sanctions, as well as adverse reputational impact.

Some states and countries are considering or have introduced laws and regulations requiring minimum or particular security controls be incorporated into devices that connect to the internet (so called “Internet of Things Security laws”). Where products we manufacture are considered in scope for some of these laws and regulations, compliance obligations or customer contracts may necessitate modification of existing product features and specifications or make inventory obsolete. Inconsistencies in these laws can introduce complexity into our design, manufacturing and inventory management processes.

Compliance with these existing and proposed laws and regulations can be costly and require significant management time and attention, and failure to comply can result in negative publicity and subject us to inquiries or investigations, claims or other remedies, including fines or demands that we modify or cease existing business practices. Customers may demand or request additional functionality in our products or services that they believe are necessary or appropriate to comply with such laws and regulations, which can cause us to incur significant additional costs and can delay or impede the development of new solutions. In addition, there is a risk that failures in systems designed to protect private, personal or proprietary data held by us or our customers using our solutions will allow such data to be disclosed to or seen by others, resulting in application of regulatory penalties, enforcement actions, remediation obligations, private litigation by parties whose data was improperly disclosed or claims from our customers for costs or damages they incur. There can be no assurance that the limitations of liability in our contracts would be enforceable or adequate or would otherwise protect us from any such liabilities or damages with respect to any particular claim. Our existing general liability insurance coverage and coverage for errors and omissions may not continue to be available on acceptable terms or may not be available in sufficient amounts to cover one or more large claims, or our insurers may deny coverage as to any future claim. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceeds available insurance coverage, or changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow.

Compliance with current and future social and environmental laws, regulations, policies and provisions, customer and investor pressures, other efforts to mitigate climate change and potential environmental liabilities may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

We are subject to various federal, state, local and foreign environmental laws and regulations governing, among other things, discharges to air and water, management of regulated materials, energy consumption, handling and disposal of solid and hazardous waste and investigation and remediation of contaminated sites. We are also subject to laws and regulations regarding the types of substances allowable in certain of our products and the handling of our products at the end of their useful life. Because of the nature of our business, we have incurred and will continue to incur costs relating to compliance with or liability under these environmental laws and regulations, and these costs could be material. In addition, there is an increasing focus on corporate social and environmental responsibility in our industry, in which new laws and regulations, new or different interpretations of existing laws and regulations, expansion of existing legal requirements related to our products, the discovery of previously unknown contamination or the imposition of new remediation or discharge requirements could require us to incur costs or could become the basis for new or increased liabilities that could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition.

Certain environmental laws impose strict and, in some circumstances, joint and several liability on current or former owners or operators of a contaminated property, as well as companies that generated, disposed of or arranged for the disposal of hazardous substances at a contaminated property, for the costs of investigation and remediation of such property. Our present and past facilities have been in operation for many years and over that time, in the course of those operations, hazardous substances and wastes have been used, generated and occasionally disposed of at such facilities, and we have disposed of waste products either directly or through third parties at numerous disposal sites. Consequently, it has been necessary to undertake investigation and remediation projects at certain sites and we have been, and may in the future be, held responsible for a portion of the investigation and clean-up costs at these sites and our share of those costs may be material.

36

Efforts to regulate emissions of greenhouse gases (GHGs), such as carbon dioxide, are continuing to evolve in the U.S. and other countries where we operate, and this could increase the cost of raw materials, production processes and transportation of our products. If we are unable to comply with such regulations or sufficiently increase prices or otherwise reduce costs to offset the increased costs of compliance, GHG regulation could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow.

A number of governments or governmental bodies have also introduced or are contemplating regulatory changes in response to various climate change interest groups and the potential impact of climate change, such as the proposed reporting regulations issued by the Securities and Exchange Commission in the U.S. and final regulations issued in California and the E.U. Increased regulation regarding climate change could impose significant costs on us and our suppliers, including costs related to increased energy requirements, capital equipment, environmental monitoring and reporting, and other costs to comply with such regulations. Any adopted future climate change regulations could also negatively impact our ability to compete with companies situated in areas not subject to such limitations.

Additionally, some of our customers have adopted, or may adopt, procurement policies that include social and environmental responsibility provisions or requirements with which their suppliers should comply. An increasing number of investors are also pushing companies to disclose corporate social and environmental policies, practices and metrics. If we are unable to comply with such policies or meet the requirements of our customers and investors, it may impact the demand for our products, negatively impact our stock price or expose us to potential litigation.

Given the political significance around and uncertainty about how to best mitigate climate change, we cannot predict how legislation, regulation or customer and investor expectations will affect our financial condition, operating performance and ability to compete. Furthermore, even without such regulation, increased awareness and any adverse publicity in the global marketplace about potential impacts on climate change by us or other companies in our industry could harm our reputation.

General Risk Factors

Any future public health crisis could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

Pandemics have had and could have in the future, material and adverse effects on our ability to successfully operate and on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows due to the following factors, among others:

•
health concerns that may lead to a complete or partial closure of, or other operational issues at, our manufacturing facilities or those of our contract manufacturers;

•
the reduced economic activity may severely impact our customers’ financial condition and liquidity and may lead to decreased demand for our products and services or impact the timing of on-going or planned projects; 

•
difficulty accessing debt and equity capital on attractive terms, or at all, and a severe disruption and instability in the global financial markets or deteriorations in credit and financing conditions may affect our access to capital necessary to fund business operations or address existing and anticipated liabilities on a timely basis;

•
a deterioration in our ability to operate in affected areas or delays in the supply of products or services to us from vendors that are needed for our efficient operations could adversely affect our operations; 

•
the potential outbreaks among our personnel, particularly if a significant number of them are impacted, could result in a deterioration in our ability to ensure business continuity during a disruption; and

•
remote working arrangements may increase our vulnerability to cybersecurity incidents, including breaches of information systems security, which could damage our reputation, disrupt operations and expose us to claims from customers, suppliers, employees and others.

The extent to which any future public health crisis impacts our operations and those of our customers and suppliers will depend on the scope, severity, duration and spread of the health crisis, the actions taken to contain it or mitigate its impact, and the direct and indirect economic effects of the crisis and containment measures, among others, all of which are uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence.

37

We do not intend to pay dividends on our common stock and, consequently, the ability of investors to achieve a return on their investment will depend on appreciation in the price of our common stock.

We do not intend to declare and pay dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future. The payment of future dividends will be at the discretion of our Board; however, the indentures and the credit agreements governing our indebtedness place limitations on our ability to pay dividends. We currently intend to invest our future earnings, if any, to reduce our debt and fund our growth. The success of an investment in our common stock will largely depend upon future appreciation in value, and there can be no guarantee that our common stock will appreciate in value.

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLV
ED STAFF COMMENTS

None.

ITEM 1C. CYBERSECURITY
Like many large, global companies, CommScope relies heavily on digital technology to conduct operations and engage with our customers and business partners. As our engagements become more complex and interdependent, threats from security incidents like ransomware and data breaches increase. To mitigate the threat to our business, we take a comprehensive approach to cybersecurity risk management and make securing our data and the data customers and other stakeholders entrust to us a top priority. 
Our Board of Directors (Board), through our Audit Committee, and our management team are actively involved in the oversight of our Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) program, of which cybersecurity represents an important component.
 As described in more detail below, we have established policies, standards, processes and practices for assessing, identifying and managing material risks from cybersecurity threats. We have made investments in resources to implement and maintain security measures to meet regulatory requirements and stakeholder expectations, and we intend to continue to make investments to maintain the security of our data and cybersecurity infrastructure. There can be no guarantee that our policies and procedures will be properly followed in every instance or that those policies and procedures will be effective. 
We believe that risks from prior cybersecurity threats, including as a result of previous cybersecurity incidents, have not materially affected our business to date. We can provide no assurance that there will not be incidents in the future or that any such incidents will not materially affect us, including our business strategy, results of operations or financial condition.
 For additional information regarding the risks associated with cybersecurity incidents, see Item 1A. “Risk Factors.”
CommScope’s commitment to cybersecurity begins in the boardroom. 
The Audit Committee is responsible for oversight of cybersecurity and is actively 
engaged
 with our Chief Information Officer (CIO) and Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) at least quarterly, in addition to ad-hoc discussions and our periodic cyber crisis management tabletop exercises. Our CIO and CISO also present on cybersecurity to our full Board at least annually. The commitment extends through our executive leadership team (ELT), who engage continually to review our cybersecurity strategy, planning and execution.

At CommScope, cybersecurity risk is part of our cross-functional Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) program because of the potential for negative impacts of an incident across our business. At least annually we conduct a cybersecurity risk assessment, bringing together threat intelligence, internal assessment of our control posture and third-party opinions. 
The risk assessment informs our Board and management team and drives the next year’s security strategy and initiatives. 
CommScope has implemented a cybersecurity program that is dedicated to protecting our business processes, technology assets and sensitive information entrusted to us by our customers, suppliers, employees and other stakeholders. Drawing on the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Cybersecurity Framework (CSF) and Center for Internet Security (CIS) 18 Critical Security Controls, our security program seeks to identify high-value enterprise assets and business processes and manage the cybersecurity threats facing them with layered controls. We practice a “Defense in Depth” methodology, meaning that valuable assets or business processes are generally protected with more than one layered control.

Our cybersecurity program is led by our CIO and our CISO. Our CIO has served in various roles in information technology and information security for over twenty years. Our CISO has over twenty years of technology and security experience and has spent more than fifteen years leading cybersecurity functions. He is also a Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP).

38

Our CISO leads an in-house information security team responsible for cybersecurity risk and threat evaluation
; the writing of relevant policies, control standards, and technical requirements; and the oversight and operation of security controls. The Security Operations team monitors for potential incidents via a global team operating 24 x 7 x 365 in a “follow the sun” model. We also engage outside experts where a third-party opinion or subject matter expertise provides specific value, such as with penetration testing. We use industry-leading security tools, regularly update our technology roadmaps, conduct tabletop exercises and mandate cybersecurity awareness and training for all employees.
We not only focus on cybersecurity threats directly facing CommScope but also those that might affect us through one of the many third parties we do business with, including suppliers and customers. 
Our procurement and security teams have a shared process to review the cybersecurity risk of our suppliers, performing an assessment during onboarding, requiring them to sign up for contractual security requirements, emplacing security controls and investigating third-party incidents as appropriate.
In the event of a significant cybersecurity incident, we have a detailed Cybersecurity Incident Response Plan (CIRP) in place for informing key stakeholders, ensuring events are properly escalated and for contacting authorities. There are many ways that CommScope might initially learn of a cybersecurity incident, and these potential incidents are escalated, according to decision criteria, to a core team of internal stakeholders comprised of leaders from our information security, legal, business and finance organizations. The core team directs the initial fact-finding and response efforts, and based on their qualitative and quantitative review, may escalate the incident to CommScope’s ELT. The ELT then makes the decision on escalation 
to the Audit Committee or Board based on the team’s assessment of materiality
. Our incident response plan is regularly validated and assessed to consider the types of decisions that would need to be made in the event of a cybersecurity incident.

39