Item 3. Legal Proceedings
We are not currently a party to any material legal proceedings.
​
Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosure
s
Not applicable.
​
119

Table of Contents
PART I
I
Item 5. M
arket for Registrant’s Common Equity
, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
Our common stock has been listed on The Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol “RYTM” since October 5, 2017. Prior to that date, there was no public trading market for our common stock.
Holders of Common Stock
As of February 24, 2025, there were 17 holders of record of our common stock.  This number does not reflect beneficial owners whose shares are held in street name.
Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans
Information regarding our equity compensation plans and the securities authorized for issuance thereunder is set forth herein under Part III, Item 12 below.
Dividend Policy
We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock or any other securities. We anticipate that we will retain all available funds and any future earnings, if any, for use in the operation of our business and do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. In addition, future debt instruments may materially restrict our ability to pay dividends on our common stock. Payment of future cash dividends, if any, will be at the discretion of the board of directors after taking into account various factors, including our financial condition, operating results, current and anticipated cash needs, the requirements of current or then-existing debt instruments and other factors the board of directors deems relevant.
​
120

Table of Contents
Performance Graph
This graph is not “soliciting material,” is not deemed “filed” with the SEC and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Rhythm Pharmaceuticals, Inc. under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, whether made before or after the date hereof and irrespective of any general incorporation language in any such filing.
The following graph shows the total stockholder return of an investment of $100 in cash at market close on December 31, 2017 through December 31, 2024 for (1) our common stock, (2) the Nasdaq Composite Index (U.S.) and (3) the Nasdaq Biotechnology Index. Pursuant to applicable SEC rules, all values assume reinvestment of the full amount of all dividends, however no dividends have been declared on our common stock to date. The stockholder return shown on the graph below is not necessarily indicative of future performance, and we do not make or endorse any predictions as to future stockholder returns.
​
Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities
Except as previously disclosed in Current Reports on Form 8-K filed on January 4, 2024 and April 1, 2024, we did not make any unregistered sales of equity securities during the period covered by the report.  
Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers
None.
​
Item 6. [Reserved
]
​
​