Item 3.
Legal Proceedings
22
Item 4.
Mine Safety Disclosures
22

PART II

Item 5.
Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters
,
 and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
24
Item 6.
[Reserved.]
26
Item 7.
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
26
Item 7A.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
44
Item 8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
46
Item 9.
Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
99
Item 9A.
Controls and Procedures
99
Item 9B.
Other Information
101

PART III

Item 10.
Directors, Executive Officers
,
 and Corporate Governance
102
Item 11.
Executive Compensation
102
Item 12.
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
104
Item 13.
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
104
Item 14.
Principal Accounting Fees and Services
104

PART IV

Item 15.
Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules
105
Item 16.
Form 10-K Summary
105

Schedule II – Valuation and Qualifying Accounts and Reserves
106

Signatures
107

Exhibit Index
108
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

Certain statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K that are not historical facts are intended to constitute “forward-looking statements” entitled to the safe-harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (“PSRLA”). The Company cautions that forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made, are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, and actual results and outcomes may differ materially from those indicated or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks, uncertainties and other factors include, but are not limited to, risks and uncertainties relating to general economic conditions; product demand and market acceptance; economic conditions; the impact of competitive products and pricing; product quality problems or product recalls; capacity and supply difficulties or constraints; coal mining exposures reserves; cybersecurity matters; failure of an indemnification for environmental liability; exchange rate fluctuations; commodity price fluctuations; the effect of the Company's accounting policies; labor disputes; restructuring costs in excess of expectations; pension plan asset returns less than assumed; uncertainties related to political or regulatory changes; 
2
Table of Contents

integration of acquisitions may not be achieved in a timely manner, or at all; and other risks that may be detailed in Item 1A
, Risk Factors
 below and in the Company’s other Securities and Exchange Commission filings.

AVAILABLE INFORMATION

The Company is subject to the reporting and information requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and as a result, are obligated to file annual, quarterly, and current reports, proxy statements, and other information with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). The Company makes these filings available free of charge on its website (http://investor.littelfuse.com) as soon as reasonably practicable after it electronically files them with, or furnish them to, the SEC. Information on the Company’s website does not constitute part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition, the SEC maintains a website (http://www.sec.gov) that contains the Company’s annual, quarterly, and current reports, proxy and information statements, and other information the Company electronically files with, or furnishes to, the SEC. The Company’s website and the information contained therein or connected thereto are not incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

PART I