Item 3.

Legal Proceedings
53
Item 4.

Mine Safety Disclosures
53
PART II
Item 5.

Market for American Airlines Group’s Common Stock, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
54
Item 6.

Selected Consolidated Financial Data
57
Item 7.       
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
61
Item 7A.

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
78
Item 8A.

Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of American Airlines Group Inc.
80
Item 8B.

Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of American Airlines, Inc.
125
Item 9.

Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
167
Item 9A.

Controls and Procedures
167
Item 9B.
Other Information
171
Item 9C.
Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections
171
PART III
Item 10.

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
171
Item 11.

Executive Compensation
171
Item 12. 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
171
Item 13.

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
171
Item 14.

Principal Accountant Fees and Services
171
PART IV
Item 15.

Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules
172
Item 16.

Form 10-K Summary
199
SIGNATURES
200
4
Table of Contents
General
This report is filed by American Airlines Group Inc. (AAG) and its wholly-owned subsidiary American Airlines, Inc. (American). References in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to “we,” “us,” “our,” the “Company” and similar terms refer to AAG and its consolidated subsidiaries. References in this report to “mainline” refer to the operations of American only and exclude regional operations.
Note Concerning Forward-Looking Statements
Certain of the statements contained in this report should be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as “may,” “will,” “expect,” “intend,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “plan,” “project,” “could,” “should,” “would,” “continue,” “seek,” “target,” “guidance,” “outlook,” “if current trends continue,” “optimistic,” “forecast” and other similar words. Such statements include, but are not limited to, statements about our plans, objectives, expectations, intentions, estimates and strategies for the future, and other statements that are not historical facts. These forward-looking statements are based on our current objectives, beliefs and expectations, and they are subject to significant risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results and financial position and timing of certain events to differ materially from the information in the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those described below under Part I,