Item 1. Business – 
“Sustainability 
– 
Our People
.”
In the case of a CBA that is amendable under the RLA, if no agreement is reached during direct negotiations between the parties, either party may request that the NMB appoint a federal mediator. The RLA prescribes no timetable for the direct negotiation and mediation processes, and it is not unusual for those processes to last for many months or even several years. If no agreement is reached in mediation, the NMB in its discretion may declare that an impasse exists and proffer binding arbitration to the parties. Either party may decline to submit to arbitration, and if arbitration is rejected by either party, a 30-day “cooling off” period commences. During or after that period, a Presidential Emergency Board (PEB) may be established, which examines the parties’ positions and recommends a solution. The PEB process lasts for 30 days and is followed by another 30-day “cooling off” period. At the end of this “cooling off” period, unless an agreement is reached or action is taken by Congress, the labor organization may exercise “self-help,” such as a strike, which could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
None of the unions representing our employees presently may lawfully engage in concerted slowdowns or refusals to work, such as strikes, sick-outs or other similar activity, against us. Nonetheless, there is a risk that employees, either with or without union involvement, could engage in one or more concerted refusals to work that could individually or collectively harm the operation of our airline and impair our financial performance. Additionally, some of our unions have brought and may continue to bring grievances to binding arbitration, including those related to wages. If successful, there is a risk these arbitral avenues could result in material additional costs that we did not anticipate.
Personnel shortages, and general wage inflation have impacted and are expected to continue to impact our labor costs. We recently reached agreements with the unions representing mainline pilots, flight attendants, passenger service team members, and mechanic and fleet service workgroups. These agreements include significant increases in pay and benefits, in many cases in line with agreements recently concluded by our large network competitors with their unions. We remain in negotiations for other new labor agreements and anticipate that any new contracts we agree to with our labor groups will include increases in salaries and other benefits, which will increase our labor expense.
27
Table of Contents
If we encounter problems with any of our third-party regional operators or third-party service providers, our operations could be adversely affected by a resulting decline in revenue or negative public perception about our services.
A significant portion of our regional operations are conducted by third-party operators on our behalf and are provided for under capacity purchase agreements. Due to our reliance on third parties to provide these essential services, we are subject to the risk of disruptions to their operations, which has in the past and may in the future result from many of the same risk factors disclosed in this report, such as the impact of adverse economic conditions, the inability of third parties to hire or retain skilled personnel, including in particular pilots and mechanics, and other risk factors, such as an out-of-court or bankruptcy restructuring of any of our regional operators. Several of these third-party regional operators provide significant regional capacity that we would be unable to replace in a short period of time should that operator fail to perform its obligations to us. Disruptions to capital markets, shortages of pilots, mechanics and other skilled personnel and adverse economic conditions in general have subjected certain of these third-party regional operators to significant financial pressures, which have in the past and may in the future lead to bankruptcies among these operators. In particular, the severe decline in demand for air travel resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic and related governmental restrictions on travel materially impacted demand for services provided by our regional carriers and, as a result, we temporarily significantly reduced our regional capacity. Further, as airlines restored capacity in line with increased demand for air travel following the height of the COVID-19 pandemic, these third-party operators experienced difficulties in recruiting and retaining sufficient personnel to operate significantly increased schedules, and have in some instances been required to offer significant increases in pay and other benefits to recruit and retain pilots and other personnel. Periods of volatility in travel demand have the potential to adversely affect our regional operators, some of whom may experience significant financial stress, declare bankruptcy or otherwise cease to operate. We may also experience disruption to our regional operations or incur financial damages if we terminate the capacity purchase agreement with one or more of our current operators or transition the services to another provider. Any significant disruption to our regional operations would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
In addition, our reliance upon others to provide essential services on our behalf in our operations may result in our relative inability to control the efficiency and timeliness of contract services. We have entered into agreements with contractors to provide various facilities and services required for our operations, including distribution and sale of airline seat inventory, reservations, provision of information technology and services, regional operations, aircraft maintenance, fueling, catering, ground services and facilities and baggage handling. Similar agreements may be entered into in any new markets we decide to serve. These agreements are generally subject to termination after notice by the third-party service provider. We are also at risk should one of these service providers cease operations, and there is no guarantee that we could replace these providers on a timely basis with comparably priced providers, or at all. These third parties have faced challenges retaining and recruiting people with the appropriate skills to meet our requirements. We rely on the operation of complex supply chains and a large number of third parties for the procurement and fulfillment of parts, components, consumable or disposable goods and other products and services essential to our business. The COVID-19 pandemic also caused significant disruption in global supply chains and staffing shortages, which affected and, if there is a resurgence, or similar event in the future, may affect the availability and timely delivery and fulfillment of many goods, including certain of those that we purchase directly or which are required by third parties to perform contracted services for us. Following a faster than expected return of demand for air travel as COVID-19 cases declined worldwide and governments lifted travel restrictions, suppliers and many of the airports we serve experienced acute shortages of personnel, resulting in increased delays, cancellations and, in certain cases, restrictions on passenger numbers or the number of flights to or from certain airports. We cannot guarantee that, as a result of ongoing or future supply chain disruptions or staffing shortages, we, our third-party partners, or the airports we serve will be able to timely source all of the products and services we require in the course of our business, or that we will be successful in procuring suitable alternatives. Any material problems with the adequacy, efficiency and timeliness of contract services, resulting from financial hardships, personnel shortages or otherwise, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
Any damage to our reputation or brand image could adversely affect our business or financial results. 
Maintaining a good reputation globally is critical to our business. Our reputation or brand image could be adversely impacted by, among other things, any failure to maintain high ethical, social and environmental sustainability practices for all of our operations and activities, our impact on the environment, public pressure from investors or policy groups to change our policies, such as movements to institute a “living wage,” customer perceptions of our advertising campaigns, sponsorship arrangements or marketing programs, customer perceptions of our use of social media, customer concerns in the nature of “greenwashing” allegations that may surround any of our advertising campaigns, marketing programs or commercial offerings related to our sustainability initiatives, or customer perceptions of statements made by us, our 
28
Table of Contents
employees and executives, agents or other third parties. In addition, we operate in a highly visible industry that has significant exposure to social media. Negative publicity, including as a result of misconduct by our customers, vendors or employees, can spread rapidly through social media. Should we not respond in a timely and appropriate manner to address negative publicity, our brand and reputation may be significantly harmed. Damage to our reputation or brand image or loss of customer confidence in our services could adversely affect our business and financial results, as well as require additional resources to rebuild our reputation.
Moreover, an outbreak and spread of an infectious disease could adversely impact consumer perceptions of the health and safety of travel, and in particular airline travel, such as occurred during the COVID-19 pandemic. Actual or perceived risk of infection on our flights could have a material adverse effect on the public’s perception of us and may harm our reputation and business. We have in the past, and may in the future be required to take extensive measures to reassure our team members and the traveling public of the safety of air travel, and we could incur significant costs implementing safety, hygiene-related or other actions to limit the actual or perceived threat of infection among our employees and passengers. However, we cannot assure that any actions we might take in response to an infectious disease outbreak will be sufficient to restore the confidence of consumers in the safety of air travel. We have experienced an increase in the incidence of aggressive customer behavior and physical confrontation on our flights in the past, certain of which resulted in injuries to our personnel, and we may experience such behavior in the future. If our employees feel unsafe or believe that we are not doing enough to prevent and prosecute such incidents, we could experience higher rates of employee absence or attrition and we may suffer reputational harm which could make it more difficult to attract and retain employees, and which could in turn negatively affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
We are at risk of losses and adverse publicity stemming from any public incident involving our company, our people or our brand, including any accident or other public incident involving our personnel or aircraft, or the personnel or aircraft of our regional, codeshare or joint business operators.
We are at risk of adverse publicity stemming from any public incident involving our company, our people or our brand, particularly given the ease with which individuals can now capture and rapidly disseminate information via social media. Such an incident could involve the actual or alleged behavior of any of our employees, contractors or passengers. Further, if our personnel, one of our aircraft, a type of aircraft in our fleet, or personnel of, or an aircraft that is operated under our brand by, one of our regional operators or an airline with which we have a marketing alliance, joint business or codeshare relationship, were to be involved in a public incident, accident, catastrophe or regulatory enforcement action, we could be exposed to significant reputational harm and potential legal liability. The insurance we carry may be inapplicable or inadequate to cover any such incident, accident, catastrophe or action. In the event that our insurance is inapplicable or inadequate, we may be forced to bear substantial losses from an incident or accident. In addition, any such incident, accident, catastrophe or action involving our personnel, one of our aircraft (or personnel and aircraft of our regional operators and our codeshare partners), or a type of aircraft in our fleet could create an adverse public perception, which could harm our reputation, result in air travelers being reluctant to fly on our aircraft or those of our regional operators or codeshare partners, and adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. Also, please see Part II, Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – 
“2024

Financial Overview – Recent Developments
.”
Changes to our business model that are designed to increase revenues and reduce costs may not be successful and may cause operational difficulties or decreased demand.
We have in the past instituted, and intend to institute in the future, changes to our business model designed to increase revenues and offset costs. These measures include further segmentation of the classes of service we offer, such as Premium Economy service and Basic Economy service, enhancements to our AAdvantage program, charging separately for services that had previously been included within the price of a ticket, changes to our practices and contracts with providers of distribution systems to provide additional content flexibility, commercial practices related to ticket distribution channels, including efforts by us to migrate an increasing portion of our customers to our modern, direct distribution channels in lieu of third party channels, changing (whether it be increasing, decreasing or eliminating) other pre-existing fees, reconfiguration of our aircraft cabins, and efforts to optimize our network including by focusing growth on a limited number of large hubs and entering into agreements with other airlines. For example, in 2020, we eliminated change fees for most domestic and international tickets, which has reduced our change fee revenue, a trend which is expected to continue assuming this policy remains in place. In addition, during the second quarter of 2024 we concluded that certain changes to our distribution strategy contributed to softness in customer bookings relative to our expectations and we reversed many of these measures late in the quarter. We may introduce additional initiatives in the future; however, as time goes on, we expect that it will be more difficult to identify and implement additional initiatives. We cannot assure that these measures or any future initiatives will be successful in increasing our revenues or offsetting our costs. Additionally, 
29
Table of Contents
the implementation of these initiatives may create logistical challenges that could harm the operational performance of our airline or result in decreased demand. Also, our implementation of any new or increased fees, or changes to the operation of or benefits offered by our loyalty program, could reduce the demand for air travel on our airline or across the industry in general, particularly if weakened economic conditions make our customers more sensitive to increased travel costs or provide a significant competitive advantage to other carriers that determine not to institute similar changes. Such changes could result in adverse brand perceptions, reputational harm or regulatory scrutiny. For example, the DOT recently launched an inquiry into certain airline loyalty programs, including our AAdvantage program, to investigate potential competition or consumer protection issues in airlines’ administration of these programs, and draft legislation introduced in Congress called the Protect Your Points Act similarly aims to regulate the management of these programs. If regulatory or legislative efforts to impose restrictions on airline loyalty programs were successful, they could materially reduce the revenues we derive from the AAdvantage program and adversely impact our results of operations.
Our intellectual property rights, particularly our branding rights, are valuable, and any inability to protect them may adversely affect our business and financial results. 
We consider our intellectual property rights, particularly our branding rights such as our trademarks applicable to our airline and AAdvantage program, to be a significant and valuable aspect of our business. We protect our intellectual property rights through a combination of trademark, copyright and other forms of legal protection, contractual agreements and policing of third-party misuses of our intellectual property. Our failure to obtain or adequately protect our intellectual property or any change in law that lessens or removes the current legal protections of our intellectual property may diminish our competitiveness and adversely affect our business and financial results. Any litigation or disputes regarding intellectual property may be costly and time-consuming and may divert the attention of our management and key personnel from our business operations, either of which may adversely affect our business and financial results.
In addition, we have used certain of our branding and AAdvantage program intellectual property as collateral for various financings, including the AAdvantage Financing, which contain covenants that impose restrictions on the use of such intellectual property and, in the case of the AAdvantage Financing, on certain amendments or changes to our AAdvantage program. These covenants may have an adverse effect on our ability to use such intellectual property.
We may be a party to litigation in the normal course of business or otherwise, which could affect our financial position and liquidity.
From time to time, we are a party to or otherwise involved in legal proceedings, claims and government inspections or investigations and other legal matters, both inside and outside the United States, arising in the ordinary course of our business or otherwise. We are currently involved in various legal proceedings and claims that have not yet been fully resolved, and additional claims may arise in the future. Legal proceedings can be complex and take many months, or even years, to reach resolution, with the final outcome depending on a number of variables, some of which are not within our control. Litigation is subject to significant uncertainty and may be expensive, time-consuming, and disruptive to our operations. Although we will vigorously defend ourselves in such legal proceedings, their ultimate resolution and potential financial and other impacts on us are uncertain. For these and other reasons, we may choose to settle legal proceedings and claims, regardless of their actual merit. If a legal proceeding is resolved against us, it could result in significant compensatory damages, and in certain circumstances punitive or trebled damages, disgorgement of revenue or profits, remedial corporate measures or injunctive relief imposed on us. If our existing insurance does not cover the amount or types of damages awarded, or if other resolution or actions taken as a result of the legal proceeding were to restrain our ability to operate or market our services, our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows could be materially adversely affected. In addition, legal proceedings, and any adverse resolution thereof, can result in adverse publicity and damage to our reputation, which could adversely impact our business. Additional information regarding certain legal matters in which we are involved can be found in Note 11(e) to AAG’s Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8A and Note 10(e) to American’s Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8B.
Our ability to utilize our NOLs and other carryforwards may be limited.
Under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), a corporation is generally allowed a deduction for net operating losses (NOLs) carried over from prior taxable years. At December 31, 2024, we had approximately $12.9 billion of gross federal NOLs and $5.9 billion of other carryforwards available to reduce future federal taxable income, of which $2.6 billion will expire beginning in 2033 if unused and $16.2 billion can be carried forward indefinitely. We also had approximately $5.2 billion of NOL carryforwards to reduce future state taxable income at December 31, 2024, which will expire in taxable years 2024 through 2044 if unused. Our NOL carryforwards are subject to adjustment on audit by the Internal Revenue Service and the respective state taxing authorities. Additionally, due to the impact of the COVID-19 
30
Table of Contents
pandemic and other economic factors, certain of the NOL carryforwards may expire before we can generate sufficient taxable income to use them.
Our ability to use our NOLs and other carryforwards depends on the amount of taxable income generated in future periods. There can be no assurance that an additional valuation allowance on our net deferred tax assets will not be required should our financial performance be negatively impacted in the future. Such valuation allowance could be material.
An ownership change may severely limit or effectively eliminate our ability to utilize our NOL carryforwards and other tax attributes. In connection with the expiration in December 2021 of certain transfer restrictions applicable to substantial shareholders contained in our Certificate of Incorporation, the Board of Directors of AAG adopted a tax benefit preservation plan (the Tax Benefit Preservation Plan) in order to preserve our ability to use our NOLs and certain other tax attributes to reduce potential future income tax obligations. The Tax Benefit Preservation Plan was subsequently ratified by our stockholders at the 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders of AAG. On October 31, 2024, AAG entered into Amendment No. 1 to the Tax Benefit Preservation Plan to extend the expiration date to October 29, 2027, subject to approval by stockholders prior to October 29, 2025. The Tax Benefit Preservation Plan is designed to reduce the likelihood that we experience an ownership change by deterring certain acquisitions of AAG common stock. There is no assurance, however, that the deterrent mechanism will be effective, and such acquisitions may still occur. In addition, the Tax Benefit Preservation Plan may adversely affect the marketability of AAG common stock by discouraging existing or potential investors from acquiring AAG common stock or additional shares of AAG common stock, because any non-exempt third party that acquires 4.9% or more of the then-outstanding shares of AAG common stock would suffer substantial dilution of its ownership interest in AAG.
New U.S. and international tax legislation may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
We are subject to taxation at the federal, state and local levels in the United States, as well as taxation in a number of international jurisdictions in which we operate. The U.S. government may enact significant changes to the taxation of business entities. For example, on August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act was signed into law, introducing, among other changes, a corporate minimum tax on certain corporations and an excise tax on certain stock repurchases by certain corporations. With numerous provisions of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act set to expire in 2025, we expect that consideration of legislation related to tax laws is likely in coming quarters, but the likelihood of any proposed changes to the tax law being enacted or implemented is unclear, and we are currently unable to predict whether such changes will occur. If changes to tax laws are implemented, we are currently unable to predict the ultimate impact on our business and therefore there can be no assurance our business will not be adversely affected.
In recent years, numerous legislative, judicial and administrative changes have been made to international tax laws applicable to us and similar companies. The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) is continuing discussions regarding fundamental changes in allocation of profits among tax jurisdictions in which companies do business, as well as the implementation of a global minimum tax, referred to as the “Pillar One” and “Pillar Two” proposals. Many countries in which we operate have enacted or are in the process of enacting laws based on the Pillar Two proposal. Our effective tax rate and cash tax payments could increase in future years because of these changes.
We have a significant amount of goodwill, which is assessed for impairment at least annually. In addition, we may never realize the full value of our intangible assets or long-lived assets, causing us to record material impairment charges.
Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized, but are assessed for impairment at least annually, or more frequently if conditions indicate that an impairment may have occurred. In accordance with applicable accounting standards, we first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is necessary to perform a quantitative impairment test. In addition, we are required to assess certain of our other long-lived assets for impairment if conditions indicate that an impairment may have occurred.
Future impairment of goodwill, intangible assets or other long-lived assets could be recorded in results of operations as a result of changes in assumptions, estimates, or circumstances, some of which are beyond our control. There can be no assurance that a material impairment charge of goodwill or tangible or intangible assets will be avoided. The value of our aircraft could be impacted in future periods by changes in supply and demand for these aircraft. Such changes in supply and demand for certain aircraft types could result from grounding of aircraft by us or other airlines, including as a result of significant or prolonged declines in demand for air travel and corresponding reductions to capacity. We can provide no 
31
Table of Contents
assurance that a material impairment loss of tangible or intangible assets will not occur in a future period; we have previously incurred significant impairment charges associated with our decision to retire certain aircraft as a result of the severe decline in demand for air travel due to the COVID-19 pandemic, and the risk of future material impairments remains uncertain. Such impairment charges could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
The commercial relationships that we have with other companies, including any related equity investments, may not produce the returns or results we expect.
An important part of our strategy to expand our network has been to initiate or expand our commercial relationships with other airlines, such as by entering into global alliance, joint business and codeshare relationships, and, in certain instances, including China Southern Airlines, GOL and JetSMART, by making an equity investment in another airline in connection with initiating or expanding such a commercial relationship. We may explore additional investments in, and joint ventures and strategic alliances with, other carriers as part of our global business strategy. We face competition in forming and maintaining these commercial relationships since there are a limited number of potential arrangements and other airlines are looking to enter into similar relationships, and our inability to form or maintain these relationships, or inability to form as many of these relationships as our competitors, may have an adverse effect on our business. Any such existing or future investment could involve significant challenges and risks, including that we may not realize a satisfactory return on our investment, if any, or that they may not generate the expected revenue synergies, and they may distract management focus from our operations or other strategic options. We may also be subject to consequences from any illegal conduct of joint business partners as well as to any political or regulatory change that negatively impacts or prohibits our arrangements with any such business partners. In addition, volatility in demand for air travel, such as occurred during the COVID-19 pandemic, could materially disrupt our partners’ abilities to provide air service, the timely execution of our strategic operating plans, including the finalization, approval and implementation of new strategic relationships or the maintenance or expansion of existing relationships. For example, in January 2024, GOL commenced bankruptcy proceedings in the U.S. Federal Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York and submitted a plan of reorganization that, if approved, may increase the risk of impairment to our commercial agreement with GOL in addition to negatively impacting the value of our equity investment in GOL. If any carriers with which we partner or in which we hold an equity stake were to cease trading or be declared insolvent, we could lose the value of any such investment or experience significant operational disruption. These events could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
We may also from time to time pursue commercial relationships with companies outside the airline industry, which relationships may include equity investments or other financial commitments. Any such relationship or related investment could involve unique risks, particularly where these relationships involve new industry participants, emerging technologies or industries with which we are unfamiliar.
Our business is very dependent on the price and availability of aircraft fuel. Continued periods of high volatility in fuel costs, increased fuel prices or significant disruptions in the supply of aircraft fuel could have a significant negative impact on consumer demand, our operating results and liquidity.
Our operating results are materially impacted by changes in the availability, price volatility and cost of aircraft fuel, which represents one of the largest single cost items in our business and thus is a significant factor in the price of airline tickets. Market prices for aircraft fuel have fluctuated substantially over the past several years and prices continue to be highly volatile, with market spot prices ranging from a low of approximately $1.91 per gallon to a high of approximately $4.40 per gallon during the period from January 1, 2022 to December 31, 2024. Aircraft fuel prices reflect not only the price of underlying crude oil, but also the price charged to refine crude oil into aircraft fuel (often referred to as the “crack spread”), transportation costs, handling costs and taxes, and increases in any of these underlying components would increase the price we ultimately pay for aircraft fuel.
Because of the amount of fuel needed to operate our business, even a relatively small increase or decrease in the price of fuel can have a material effect on our operating results and liquidity. Due to the competitive nature of the airline industry and unpredictability of the market for air travel, we can offer no assurance that we may be able to increase our fares, impose fuel surcharges or otherwise increase revenues or decrease other operating costs sufficiently to offset fuel price increases. Similarly, we cannot predict actions that may be taken by our competitors in response to changes in fuel prices.
We cannot predict the future availability, price volatility or cost of aircraft fuel, weather-related events, natural disasters (including hurricanes or similar events in the U.S. Southeast and on the Gulf Coast where a significant portion of domestic 
32
Table of Contents
refining capacity is located), terrorism, political disruptions, disputes, or armed conflicts involving oil-producing countries or impacting global trade routes, changes in production levels of individual nations or associations of oil-producing states, economic sanctions imposed against oil-producing countries or specific industry participants, changes in fuel-related governmental policy, the strength of the U.S. dollar against foreign currencies, changes in the cost to transport or store petroleum products and any related staffing or transportation equipment shortages, changes in access to petroleum product pipelines and terminals, speculation in the energy futures markets, changes in aircraft fuel production capacity, unplanned interruptions or disruption of production at refineries, environmental concerns and other unpredictable events, may result in fuel supply shortages, variations in the applicable crack spread, distribution challenges, additional fuel price volatility and cost increases in the future. Any of these factors or events could cause a disruption in or increased demands on oil production, refinery operations, pipeline capacity or terminal access and possibly result in significant increases in the price of aircraft fuel and diminished availability of aircraft fuel supply. Additionally, because passengers often purchase tickets well in advance of their travel, a significant rapid increase in fuel price may result in the fare charged not covering that increase. At times in the past, we were not able to increase our fares to offset fully the effect of increases in fuel costs, and we may not be able to do so in the future.
Our aviation fuel purchase contracts generally do not provide meaningful price protection against increases in fuel costs. Our current policy is not to enter into transactions to hedge our fuel consumption, although we review this policy from time to time based on market conditions and other factors. Accordingly, as of December 31, 2024, we did not have any fuel hedging contracts outstanding to hedge our fuel consumption. As such, and assuming we do not enter into any future transactions to hedge our fuel consumption, we will continue to be fully exposed to fluctuations in fuel prices. See also the discussion in Part II, Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk – 
“Aircraft Fuel.”
In addition, as part of our emissions reduction goals, we and other airlines have publicly announced long-term targets for the increased use of SAF in our fleet. Currently, industrial production of SAF is small in scale and inadequate to meet growing industry demand, and while additional production capacity is expected to become operational in the coming years, we anticipate that competition for SAF among industry participants will remain intense. As a result, SAF may be significantly more costly than conventional jet fuel. To secure future SAF supply, we have entered into multiple agreements for the purchase of future SAF production, and we continue to engage with producers regarding potential future SAF purchases, which may include investments and other commitments to support these producers. Certain existing or potential future agreements pertain to SAF production from facilities that are planned but not yet financed, and which may utilize technology that has not been proven at commercial scale. There is no assurance that these facilities will be built or that they will meet contracted production timelines and volumes. In the event that the SAF is not delivered on schedule or in sufficient volumes, there can be no assurance that we will be able to source a supply of SAF sufficient to meet our stated goals, or that we will be able to do so on favorable economic terms.
Our business is subject to extensive government regulation, which may result in increases in our costs, disruptions to our operations, limits on our operating flexibility, reductions in the demand for air travel, and competitive disadvantages.
Airlines are subject to extensive domestic and international regulatory requirements. In the last several years, Congress and state and local governments have passed laws and regulatory initiatives, and the DOT, the FAA, the TSA, the Centers for Disease Control and several of their respective international counterparts have issued regulations and a number of other directives that affect the airline industry. These requirements impose substantial costs on us and restrict the ways we may conduct our business.
For example, the FAA from time to time issues directives and other regulations relating to the maintenance and operation of aircraft that require significant expenditures or operational restrictions. These requirements can be issued with little or no notice, or can otherwise impact our ability to efficiently or fully utilize our aircraft, and in some instances have resulted in the temporary and prolonged grounding of aircraft or engine types altogether including, for example, the March 2019 grounding of all Boeing 737 MAX Family aircraft, which was not lifted in the United States until November 2020, the January 2024 grounding of 737-9 MAX aircraft (a model that we do not operate), and the significant limitations imposed on the use of Pratt & Whitney GTF aircraft engines on certain Airbus aircraft (an engine that we do not use in our fleet), or otherwise caused substantial disruption and resulted in material costs to us and lost revenues. The recent telecom industry roll-out of 5G technology, and concerns regarding its possible interference with aircraft navigation systems, also resulted in regulatory uncertainty and the potential for operational impacts, including possible suspension of service to certain airports or the operation of certain aircraft, though the issue has since been resolved. See “
We rely heavily on technology and automated systems, including artificial intelligence (AI), to operate our business, and any failure of these technologies or systems could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition.”
 The FAA also exercises comprehensive regulatory authority over nearly all technical aspects of our operations. Our failure to comply 
33
Table of Contents
with such requirements has in the past and may in the future result in fines and other enforcement actions by the FAA or other regulators. In the future, any new regulatory requirements, particularly requirements that limit our ability to operate or price our products, could have a material adverse effect on us and the industry.
In May 2024, Congress passed a five-year funding authorization for the FAA (FAA Authorization Renewal). Among other things, the FAA Authorization Renewal increased the authorized funding level for the FAA and required the hiring of additional air traffic controllers, an effort to address staffing and resource shortages and improve the operation of the ATC system in the U.S. The FAA Authorization Renewal also codified several consumer protection rulemakings that could be challenging to implement and have negative financial impacts. Any new or enhanced requirements resulting from the FAA Authorization Renewal, including any new fees, costs we may be required to incur to comply with new rules and compensation or other penalties we may be required to pay for violations of such rules, have the potential to increase our costs or adversely impact our operation.
DOT consumer rules, and rules promulgated by certain analogous agencies in other countries we serve, dictate procedures for many aspects of our customer’s journey, including at the time of ticket purchase, at the airport and onboard the aircraft. In April 2024, the DOT issued a final rule mandating refunds in certain circumstances (refund rule), and a final rule requiring disclosure of certain ancillary fees by air carriers and travel agents (ancillary fee rule). We met the compliance deadline of October 28, 2024 for the refund rule. In July 2024, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted the airline associations and individual airlines’ motion for a stay of the ancillary fee rule. In August 2024, the DOT issued a proposed rulemaking related to family seating, which would require airlines to seat children aged 13 and under adjacent to at least one accompanying adult at no additional cost beyond the fare, subject to limited exceptions. In December 2024, the DOT published an Advance Notice of Proposed Rulemaking titled “Airline Passenger Rights.” Specifically, the DOT is soliciting comments on requiring airlines to pay passengers cash compensation, to provide free rebooking, to cover meals and to provide overnight lodging and related transportation expenses when a disruption is airline-caused. The DOT is also soliciting comments on requiring airlines to provide free rebooking, to cover meals and to provide lodging and related transportation expenses for significant domestic flight disruptions, regardless of the cause of the disruption. Also in December 2024, the DOT published a final rule on “Ensuring Safe Accommodations for Air Travelers with Disabilities Using Wheelchairs” which sets new standards for assistance, mandates hands-on training for airline employees and contractors who physically assist passengers with disabilities and handle passengers’ wheelchairs, and specifies actions that airlines must take to protect passengers when a wheelchair is damaged or delayed during transport. Individual requirements in the final rule have varying implementation timelines, ranging from January 16, 2025 (the effective date of the final rule) to June 17, 2026.
The Aviation and Transportation Security Act mandates the federalization of certain airport security procedures and imposes additional security requirements on airports and airlines, most of which are funded by a per-ticket tax on passengers and a tax on airlines. Present and potential future security requirements can have the effect of imposing costs and inconvenience on travelers, potentially reducing the demand for air travel.
Similarly, there are a number of legislative and regulatory initiatives and reforms at the state and local levels in the U.S. These initiatives include increasingly stringent laws to protect the environment, wage/hour requirements, mandatory paid sick or family leave and healthcare mandates. These laws could affect our relationship with our workforce and the vendors that serve our airline and cause our expenses to increase without an ability to pass through these costs. In recent years, the airline industry has experienced an increase in litigation over the application of state and local employment laws, particularly in California. Application of these laws may result in operational disruption, increased litigation risk and impact our negotiated labor agreements. For example, we are currently involved in legal proceedings in California concerning alleged violations of the state’s labor code including, among other things, violations of certain meal and rest break laws, and an adverse determination in any of these cases could adversely impact our operational flexibility and result in the imposition of damages and fines, which could potentially be significant. We recently settled a class litigation brought by flight attendants in California, which covered all wage and hour claims brought by the class through January 1, 2024. In addition, legislation passed by the California legislature in March 2023 should effectively foreclose future meal and rest break claims from flight attendants in California. However, there is still risk of future litigation from flight attendants and other work groups involving other types of wage and hour laws in California and other jurisdictions which have or could seek to implement similar laws.
The results of our operations, demand for air travel and the manner in which we conduct business each may be affected by changes in law and future actions taken by governmental agencies, including:
•
changes in law that affect the services that can be offered by airlines in particular markets and at particular airports, or the types of fares offered or fees that can be charged to passengers;
34
Table of Contents
•
the granting and timing of certain governmental approvals (including antitrust or foreign government approvals) needed for codesharing alliances, joint businesses and other arrangements with other airlines, and the imposition of regulatory investigations or commencement of litigation related to any of the foregoing;
•
restrictions on competitive practices (for example, court orders, or agency regulations or orders, that would curtail an airline’s ability to respond to a competitor);
•
the adoption of new passenger security standards or regulations that impact customer service standards;
•
restrictions on airport operations, such as restrictions on the use of slots at airports or the auction or reallocation of slot rights currently held by us;
•
the adoption of more restrictive locally-imposed noise restrictions; and
•
restrictions on travel or special guidelines regarding aircraft occupancy or hygiene in response to outbreaks of illness, such as occurred during the COVID-19 pandemic, including the imposition of preflight testing regimes or vaccination confirmation requirements which have in the past and may in the future have the effect of reducing demand for air travel in the markets where such requirements are imposed.
Each additional regulation or other form of regulatory oversight increases costs and adds greater complexity to airline operations and, in some cases, may reduce the demand for air travel. There can be no assurance that the increased costs or greater complexity associated with our compliance with new rules, anticipated rules or other forms of regulatory oversight will not have a material adverse effect on us.
Any significant reduction in air traffic capacity at and in the airspace serving key airports in the U.S. or overseas could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, the ATC system is not successfully modernizing to meet the growing demand for U.S. air travel. Air traffic controllers rely on outdated procedures and technologies that routinely compel airlines, including ourselves, to fly inefficient routes or take significant delays on the ground. The ATC system’s inability to manage existing travel demand, including due to significant staffing shortages, has led government agencies to implement short-term capacity constraints during peak travel periods or adverse weather conditions in certain markets, resulting in delays and disruptions of air traffic. The outdated technologies also cause the ATC system to be less resilient in the event of a failure, and past system disruptions have resulted in large-scale flight cancellations and delays. We experienced this challenge in January 2023 when an outage in the ATC Notice to Air Missions system led to a nationwide ground-stop for nearly two hours, resulting in significant operational disruption throughout the day.
In the early 2000s, the FAA embarked on a path to modernize the national airspace system, including migration from the current radar-based ATC system to a GPS-based system. This modernization of the ATC system, generally referred to as “NextGen,” has been plagued by delays and cost overruns, and it remains uncertain when the full array of benefits expected from this modernization will be available to the public and the airlines, including ourselves. Failure to update the ATC system and the substantial costs that may be imposed on airlines, including ourselves, to fund a modernized ATC system may have a material adverse effect on our business. 
Further, our business has been adversely impacted when government agencies have ceased to operate as expected, including due to partial shutdowns, sequestrations or similar events and the COVID-19 pandemic. These events have resulted in, among other things, reduced demand for air travel, an actual or perceived reduction in air traffic control and security screening resources and related travel delays, as well as disruption in the ability of the FAA to grant required regulatory approvals, such as those that are involved when a new aircraft is first placed into service. 
Our operating authority in international markets is subject to aviation agreements between the U.S. and the respective countries or governmental authorities, such as the EU, and in some cases, fares and schedules require the approval of the DOT and/or the relevant foreign governments. Moreover, alliances with international carriers may be subject to the jurisdiction and regulations of various foreign agencies. The U.S. government has negotiated “open skies” agreements with more than 130 trading partners, which agreements allow unrestricted route authority access between the U.S. and the foreign markets. While the U.S. has worked to increase the number of countries with which open skies agreements are in effect, a number of markets important to us, including China, do not have open skies agreements. For example, the open skies air services agreement between the U.S. and the EU, which took effect in March 2008, provides airlines from the U.S. and EU member states open access to each other’s markets, with freedom of pricing and unlimited rights to fly from the U.S. to any airport in the EU. As a result of the agreement and a subsequent open skies agreement involving the U.S. and the United Kingdom, which was agreed in anticipation of Brexit, we face increased competition in these markets, 
35
Table of Contents
including LHR. Bilateral and multilateral agreements among the U.S. and various foreign governments of countries we serve but which are not covered by an open skies treaty are subject to periodic renegotiation. We currently operate a number of international routes under government arrangements that limit the number of airlines permitted to operate on the route, the capacity of the airlines providing services on the route, or the number of airlines allowed access to particular airports. If an open skies policy were to be adopted for any of these markets, it could adversely impact us and could result in impairments of our related tangible and intangible assets. In addition, competition from foreign airlines, revenue-sharing joint ventures, joint business agreements, and other alliance arrangements by and among other airlines could impair the value of our business and assets on the open skies routes. 
On May 1, 2021 the EU and United Kingdom entered into a new trade and cooperation agreement (the EU-UK Trade and Cooperation Agreement) to govern certain aspects of their relationship following Brexit. We continue to face risks associated with Brexit, notably given the extent of our passenger and cargo traffic and that of our joint business partners that flows through LHR in the United Kingdom. The EU-UK Trade and Cooperation Agreement includes provisions in relation to commercial air service that we expect to be sufficient to sustain our current services under the transatlantic joint business. However, the scope of traffic rights under the EU-UK Trade and Cooperation Agreement is less extensive than before Brexit and therefore the full impact of the EU-UK Trade and Cooperation Agreement is uncertain. As a result, the continuation of our current services, and those of our partners could be disrupted. This could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. The change in government in the United Kingdom in July 2024 may lead to new aviation policies that could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. More generally, changes in U.S. or foreign government aviation policies could result in the alteration or termination of such agreements, diminish the value of route authorities, slots or other assets located abroad, or otherwise adversely affect our international operations.
We operate a global business with international operations that are subject to economic and political instability and have been, and in the future may continue to be, adversely affected by numerous events, circumstances or government actions beyond our control.
We operate a global business with significant operations outside of the U.S. Our current international activities and prospects have been, and in the future could be, adversely affected by government policies, reversals or delays in the opening of foreign markets, increased competition in international markets, the performance of our alliance, joint business and codeshare partners in a given market, exchange controls or other restrictions on repatriation of funds, currency and political risks (including changes in exchange rates and currency devaluations), environmental regulation, increases in taxes and fees and changes in international governmental regulation of our operations, including the inability to obtain or retain needed route authorities and/or slots, and new or evolved policies related to consumer protections. In particular, the COVID-19 pandemic severely impacted the demand for international travel for a prolonged period, and resulted in the imposition of significant governmental restrictions on commercial air service to or from certain regions. We responded by temporarily suspending a significant portion of our long-haul international flights and delaying the introduction of certain new long-haul international routes. In spite of the elimination of COVID-19 related travel restrictions, we can provide no assurance as to when demand for international travel will return to pre-COVID-19 pandemic levels in certain markets, if at all, or whether certain international destinations we previously served will be economical in the future. 
We are subject to varying registration requirements and ongoing reporting obligations in the countries where we operate. Our permission to continue doing business in these countries may depend on our ability to timely fulfil or remedy any noncompliance with these and other governmental requirements. We may also be subject to the risk that relevant government agencies will be delayed in granting or renewing required approvals, including as a result of shutdowns (such as occurred in certain jurisdictions during the COVID-19 pandemic), cybersecurity incidents or other events. Any lapse, revocation, suspension or delay in approval of our authority to do business in a given jurisdiction may prevent us from serving certain destinations and could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.   
More generally, our industry may be affected by any deterioration in global trade relations, including shifts in the trade policies of individual nations. For example, much of the demand for international air travel is the result of business travel in support of global trade. Should protectionist governmental policies, such as increased tariff or other trade barriers, travel limitations and other regulatory actions, have the effect of reducing global commercial activity, the result could be a material decrease in the demand for international air travel. Additionally, certain of the products and services that we purchase, including certain of our aircraft and related parts, are sourced from suppliers located outside the U.S., and the imposition of new tariffs, or any increase in existing tariffs, by the U.S. government in respect of the importation of such products could materially increase the amounts we pay for them. In addition, should additional or different retaliatory tariffs be imposed, our business could be harmed.
36
Table of Contents
We continue to face risks associated with Brexit, notably given the extent of our passenger and cargo traffic and that of our joint business partners that flows through LHR in the United Kingdom. The EU-UK Trade and Cooperation Agreement includes provisions in relation to commercial air service that we expect to be sufficient to sustain our current services under the transatlantic joint business. However, the scope of traffic rights under the EU-UK Trade and Cooperation Agreement is less extensive than before Brexit and therefore the full impact of the EU-UK Trade and Cooperation Agreement is uncertain. As a result, the continuation of our current services, and those of our partners could be disrupted. Moreover, Brexit has created uncertainty as to the future trade relationship between the EU and the United Kingdom, including air traffic services. LHR is presently a very important element of our international network, however it may become less desirable as a destination or as a hub location after Brexit when compared to other airports in Europe, where we do not have as strong a presence. This could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. The change in government in the United Kingdom in July 2024 may lead to new aviation policies that could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
Brexit has also led to legal and regulatory uncertainty such as new regulatory action and/or potentially divergent treaties, laws and regulations as the United Kingdom determines which EU treaties, laws and regulations to replace or replicate, including those governing aviation, labor, environmental, data protection/privacy, competition and other matters applicable to the provision of air transportation services by us or our alliance, joint business or codeshare partners. The impact on our business of any treaties, laws and regulations that replace the existing EU counterparts, or other governmental or regulatory actions taken by the United Kingdom or the EU in connection with or subsequent to Brexit, cannot be predicted, including whether or not regulators will continue to approve or impose material conditions on our business activities such as the transatlantic joint business. See also 
“The airline industry is intensely competitive and dynamic.”
 Any of these effects, and others we cannot anticipate, could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
Additionally, fluctuations in foreign currencies, including devaluations, exchange controls and other restrictions on the repatriation of funds, have significantly affected and may continue to significantly affect our operating performance, liquidity and the value of any cash held outside the U.S. in local currency. Such fluctuations in foreign currencies, including devaluations, cannot be predicted by us and can significantly affect the value of our assets located outside the United States. These conditions, devaluations or imposition of more stringent repatriation restrictions, may materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
We may be adversely affected by conflicts overseas, terrorist attacks or other acts of violence, domestically or abroad; the travel industry continues to face ongoing security concerns.
Acts of terrorism and other violence, domestically or abroad, or fear of such attacks, including elevated national threat warnings, wars or other military conflicts, may depress air travel, particularly on international routes, and cause declines in revenues and increases in costs. The attacks of September 11, 2001 and continuing terrorist threats, attacks and attempted attacks materially impacted and continue to impact air travel. Increased security procedures introduced at airports since the attacks of September 11, 2001 and any other such measures that may be introduced in the future generate higher operating costs for airlines. The Aviation and Transportation Security Act mandated improved flight deck security, deployment of federal air marshals on-board flights, improved airport perimeter access security, airline crew security training, enhanced security screening of passengers, baggage, cargo, mail, employees and vendors, enhanced training and qualifications of security screening personnel, additional provision of passenger data to the U.S. Customs and Border Protection Agency and enhanced background checks. A concurrent increase in airport security charges and procedures, such as restrictions on carry-on baggage, has also had and may continue to have a disproportionate impact on short-haul travel, which constitutes a significant portion of our flying and revenue. Implementation of and compliance with increasingly complex security and customs requirements will continue to result in increased costs for us and our passengers, and have caused and likely will continue to cause periodic service disruptions and delays. We have at times found it necessary or desirable to make significant expenditures to comply with security-related requirements while seeking to reduce their impact on our customers, such as expenditures for automated security screening lines at airports. As a result of competitive pressure, and the need to improve security screening throughput to support the pace of our operations, it is unlikely that we will be able to capture all security-related costs through increased fares. We cannot forecast what new security requirements may be imposed in the future, or their impact on our business. In addition, avoiding areas of armed conflict or locations inaccessible to us due to geopolitical factors can impact our operations and financial results. For instance, airspace closures or restrictions may require us to alter flight paths or make further operational adjustments, such as changes to preferred diversion locations, thereby increasing the distance, duration and amount of fuel required to operate certain international flights, in particular relative to competitors not subject to these airspace restrictions. Armed conflicts in or affecting international markets we serve could also adversely impact our 
37
Table of Contents
business by, among other things, depressing demand for travel to certain regions or requiring us to suspend air service to certain destinations. For example, in October 2023, we suspended our service to Tel Aviv, Israel, and cannot predict when, or if, we will be in a position to restore such service. The outbreak or spread of armed conflict could force us to make additional reductions or changes to our service and could result in volatility in oil markets and disruptions to global trade, which could materially increase our costs or impact our supply chains.
We are subject to risks associated with climate change, including increased regulation of our GHG

emissions, changing consumer preferences and the potential for increased impacts of severe weather events on our operations and infrastructure. 
Efforts to combat climate change have increased the focus by regulators worldwide on the need to reduce GHG emissions, including those from the airline industry. Concerns over GHG emissions have prompted regulators around the world, including but not limited to the EU and UK, to develop regulations to increase demand and investments in SAF. These mandates may also lead to further attempts to adopt requirements or change business environments related to aviation that may result in increased costs to the airline industry and us. In addition, several countries and U.S. states have adopted or are considering adopting programs, including potentially new taxes, to regulate GHG emissions. In addition, certain airports have proposed, and could in the future adopt, GHG emission or climate-related goals or measures that could impact our operations or require us to make changes or investments in our infrastructure. In particular, ICAO has adopted rules, including those pertaining to CORSIA, which will require us to mitigate the growth of GHG emissions associated with a significant majority of our international flights.
At this time, the costs of complying with our future obligations under CORSIA are uncertain, primarily due to significant uncertainty with respect to the future growth of covered GHG emissions, the supply and price of eligible carbon credits and the future development of the market for eligible renewable fuels. Due to the competitive nature of the airline industry and unpredictability of the market for air travel, we can offer no assurance that we may be able to increase our fares, impose surcharges or otherwise increase revenues or decrease other operating costs sufficiently to offset the costs of meeting our obligations under CORSIA.
Due to the uncertainty surrounding the applicability of CORSIA to our operations in the long-term, we and other airlines are increasingly subject to an unpredictable and inconsistent array of national or regional emissions restrictions, creating a patchwork of complex regulatory requirements that could lead to increased expenses related to the emissions of our flights. Furthermore, recent implementation of and potential for other new regulatory initiatives to reduce airline GHG emissions may increase our compliance costs. For more information on these regulatory developments, see “
Environmental Matters” 
under Part I,