Item 2. Properties – 
“Aircraft and Engine Purchase Commitments”
 for additional information about the firm commitments for the acquisition of aircraft and engines, including the anticipated aircraft delivery schedule. Due to uncertainty surrounding the timing of delivery of certain aircraft, the amounts in the table represent our most current estimate based on contractual delivery schedules adjusted for updates and revisions to such schedules communicated to management by the applicable equipment manufacturer and certain management assumptions. However, the actual delivery schedule may differ, potentially materially, based on various potential factors including production delays by the manufacturer and regulatory concerns. Additionally, the amounts in the table exclude five 
74
Table of Contents
Boeing 787 Family aircraft scheduled to be delivered in 2025, for which we have obtained committed lease financing. This financing is reflected in the operating lease commitments line above.
(f)
These commitments are estimates of costs based on assumed minimum levels of flying under the capacity purchase agreements and American’s actual payments could differ materially. Rental payments under operating leases for certain aircraft flown under these capacity purchase agreements are reflected in the operating lease commitments line above.
(g)
Represents minimum pension contributions and expected contributions to our retiree medical and other post-retirement plans based on actuarially determined estimates as of December 31, 2024 and is based on estimated payments through 2034. In January 2025, American made $221 million of required pension contributions.
(h)
Includes purchase commitments for aircraft fuel, flight equipment maintenance and information technology support and excludes obligations under certain fuel offtake agreements or other agreements for which the timing of the related expenditure is uncertain, or which are subject to material contingencies, such as the construction of a production facility.
Capital Raising Activity and Other Possible Actions
In light of our significant financial commitments related to, among other things, the servicing and amortization of existing debt and equipment leasing arrangements and new flight equipment, we and our subsidiaries will regularly consider, and enter into negotiations related to, capital raising and liability management activity, which may include the entry into leasing transactions and future issuances of, and transactions designed to manage the timing and amount of, secured or unsecured debt obligations or additional equity or equity-linked securities in public or private offerings or otherwise. The cash available from operations (if any) and these sources, however, may not be sufficient to cover our cash obligations because economic factors may reduce the amount of cash generated by operations or increase costs. For instance, an economic downturn or general global instability caused by military actions, terrorism, disease outbreaks, natural disasters or other causes could reduce the demand for air travel, which would reduce the amount of cash generated by operations. See Part I,