ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.

Except as listed below, there is no action, suit,
or proceeding by any court, public board, government agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending or, to the knowledge of the
executive officers of the Company or our subsidiaries, threatened against or affecting the Company, our common stock, our subsidiaries,
or the Company’s or its subsidiaries’ officers or directors in their capacities as such, in which an adverse decision could
have a material adverse effect on the Company. 

BV Advisory v. QCi Appraisal Action

BV Advisory Partners, LLC (“BV Advisory”)
was purportedly a shareholder of QPhoton, Inc., the predecessor in interest to QPhoton (both referred to as “QPhoton” in this
Legal Proceedings discussion). On October 13, 2022, BV Advisory filed a petition in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (the
“Delaware Chancery Court”) seeking appraisal rights (the “Appraisal Petition”) on the shares of common stock of
QPhoton it allegedly owns (which shares represented 10% of the shares of common stock of QPhoton outstanding immediately prior to the
Company’s acquisition of QPhoton) pursuant to Section 262 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. The parties agreed to suspend
discovery pending resolution of outstanding motions in two related cases. The Company does not have sufficient information to assess the
potential impact of the Appraisal Petition at this time.

BV Advisory v. QCi Breach of Contract Lawsuit

On March 1, 2021, QPhoton entered into a Note
Purchase Agreement with BV Advisory (the “BV Note Purchase Agreement”). Pursuant to the BV Note Purchase Agreement, on March
1, 2021, March 23, 2021, and July 9, 2021, QPhoton and BV Advisory entered into convertible promissory notes for $200,592, $150,000, and
$150,000, respectively, for a total of $500,592 (the “BV Notes”). The BV Notes all bore interest at a rate of 6% per annum
and matured two years from the issuance date. On June 16, 2022, the effective date of our acquisition of QPhoton, QPhoton tendered a cashier’s
check to BV Advisory in the amount of $535,684.24, representing the full principal balance of the BV Notes and accrued interest through
June 16, 2022. On July 14, 2022, BV Advisory returned the cashier’s check and disputed the calculation of the amount paid to settle
the BV Notes.

On August 16, 2022, BV Advisory filed a complaint
in the Delaware Chancery Court naming the Company and certain of its directors and officers (among others) as defendants (the “Breach
Lawsuit”). 
BV Advisory Partners, LLC v. Quantum Computing Inc.
, et al., C.A. No. 2022-0719-VCG (Del. Ch.). BV Advisory sought,
among other relief, monetary damages from QPhoton for an alleged breach of the BV Note Purchase Agreement. After the Delaware Chancery
Court dismissed BV Advisory’s other claims against the Company and QPhoton, on October 17, 2024, the Delaware Chancery Court entered
a Stipulation and Order dismissing BV Advisory’s claim for breach of the BV Note Purchase Agreement, subject to BV Advisory’s
right to elect to transfer the BV Note claim to the Superior Court of the state of Delaware (the “Delaware Superior Court”).
BV Advisory elected to transfer the claim for breach of the BV Note Purchase Agreement to the Delaware Superior Court. On November 12,
2024, BV Advisory filed a new complaint in the Delaware Superior Court, asserting a claim for breach of the BV Note Purchase Agreement
and for breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing. The Company answered the complaint on December 16, 2024. The Company
believes that BV Advisory’s BV Note claims have no merit and intends to defend itself vigorously, but does not have sufficient information
to assess the potential impact of the Breach Lawsuit at this time.

27

QCi v. BV Advisory Injunction Lawsuit

On January 31, 2025, the Company filed a complaint
in Delaware Chancery Court against BV Advisory and its principal Keith Barksdale (the “BV Defendants”) asserting claims for
defamation, breach of contract, conversion, aiding and abetting conversion, and misappropriation of trade secrets based on the BV Defendants’
unauthorized possession and dissemination of certain of the Company’s confidential and privileged documents. The Company seeks,
among other relief, injunctive relief and damages. On February 11, 2025, the Court granted the Company’s motion for a temporary
restraining order and instructed the parties to negotiate an expedited case schedule. On February 13, 2025, the Court entered a stipulated
case schedule that set a trial for April 8 and 9, 2025 on the Company’s claims for conversion, aiding and abetting conversion, and
misappropriation of trade secrets. The parties are currently engaged in discovery.

Securities Class Action Lawsuit

On February 25, 2025, a class action lawsuit was
filed against the Company and certain of its current and past officers in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey,
by a plaintiff seeking to represent a class of all persons who purchased the Company’s securities between March 30, 2020 and January
15, 2025, alleging violations of Section 10(b) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act. The complaint alleges that the Company made false and/or
misleading statements and/or failed to disclose material information about the Company’s customers, contracts and business operations.
To date the New Jersey District Court has not certified a class or designated a lead plaintiff. The Company disputes the allegations in
the complaint and intends to vigorously defend against the asserted claims.

Arbitration over Stock Options

In February 2025, the Company entered into arbitrations
with two former consultants regarding forfeiture of stock options. The Company had issued stock options to the former consultants in 2020
and 2021 and terminated their agreements in March 2024, at which time the Company informed the former consultants that any vested options
had to be exercised within three months of the termination date, per the Company’s equity compensation plans. The former consultants
did not exercise their vested options and the options were duly forfeited. In December 2024, the former consultants claimed that they
still retained the right to exercise the options, which the Company rejected. The Company believes that these claims are without merit
and intends to defend itself vigorously.

Concluded Proceedings

The Company previously disclosed two legal matters
which were concluded during 2024. The defamation action filed by the Company in New Jersey Superior Court in December 2022 against BV
Advisory and other parties was dismissed on procedural grounds in May 2024. The receivership petition filed by BV Advisory against the
Company in July 2023 in the Delaware Chancery Court was dismissed without prejudice in May 2024.

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES.

Not applicable.

28

PART II

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON
EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES.

Market Information

Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Capital
Market under the symbol “QUBT” and commenced trading on July 15, 2021.

Authorized Capital

The Company is authorized by its Certificate of
Incorporation to issue an aggregate of 250,000,000 shares of common stock, $0.0001 par value per share, and 10,000,000 shares of preferred
stock, of which 1,550,000 shares are designated as Series A Convertible Preferred Stock and 3,079,864 shares are designated as Series
B Preferred Stock. As of March 18, 2025, we had 137,244,545 shares of common stock issued and outstanding and no shares of preferred stock
issued and outstanding.

Holders of Common Equity

As of March 18, 2025, there were approximately
214 stockholders of record of our common stock. Because shares of our common stock are held by depositaries, brokers and other nominees,
the number of beneficial holders of our shares is substantially larger than the number of stockholders of record.

Dividend Information

We have not paid any cash dividends to our holders
of common stock. The declaration of any future cash dividends is at the discretion of the Board and depends upon our earnings, if any,
our capital requirements and financial position, our general economic condition, and other pertinent conditions. It is our present intention
not to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future, but rather to reinvest earnings, if any, in our business operations.

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and
Use of Proceeds

During the year ended December 31, 2024, we have
issued securities that were not registered under the Securities Act, all of which were previously disclosed in a Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q or a Current Report on Form 8-K.

ITEM 6. [Reserved]

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.

The following discussion and analysis of the
results of operations and financial condition for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 should be read in conjunction with our consolidated
financial statements and the notes to those consolidated financial statements that are included elsewhere in this Annual Report. Our discussion
includes forward-looking statements based upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties, such as our plans, objectives,
expectations and intentions. Actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking
statements as a result of a number of factors. See “Forward-Looking Statements.”

You should read the following discussion and
analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our audited consolidated financial statements and related
notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K,

Overview

QCi is a development stage company with limited operations and revenue.
The Company is developing quantum and ancillary non-quantum products for high-performance computing applications based on proprietary
photonics technology. QCi’s products are designed to operate at room temperature and low power at an affordable cost in the areas
of high-performance computing, sensing and imaging, and quantum cybersecurity. The Company has generated some revenue based on sales of
products and related services to date and is expanding its sales and marketing efforts. The Company’s development team includes
optical engineers, mathematicians, physicists, and software developers.

29

Results of Operations

Our results of operations for the years ended
December 31, 2024 and 2023 is as follows (in thousands, except percentages):

Year Ended December 31,

2024

2023

% Change

Revenue:

Total revenue

$
373

$
358

4
%

Gross profit

112

162

(31
)%

Gross profit margin

30
%

45
%

Operating expenses:

Research and development

11,318

8,891

27
%

Sales and marketing

1,818

1,806

1
%

General and administrative

12,913

15,708

(18
)%

Total operating expenses

26,049

26,405

(1
)%

Loss from operations

(25,937
)

(26,243
)

(1
)%

Non-operating income and (expense):

Interest and other income

423

295

43
%

Interest expense, net

(2,496
)

(1,602
)

56
%

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities

(40,532
)

528

NM

Total non-operating income (expense)

(42,605
)

(779
)

NM

Net loss

$
(68,542
)

$
(27,022
)

154
%

Revenues

The Company’s revenues during the years ended December 31, 2024
and 2023 consisted of (in thousands):

Year Ended December 31,

2024

2023

% Change

Services

$
346

$
353

(2
)%

Products

27

5

440
%

Total

$
373

$
358

4
%

Revenues for the year ended December 31, 2024
were $373 thousand compared to $358 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2023, an increase of $15 thousand, or 4%. Revenue was derived
from sales of hardware products and professional services in 2024 and 2023, in each case provided to multiple commercial and government
customers under multi-month contracts. The year-over-year change was driven by changes in the number of, size of and level of effort performed
on active customer proof of concept and research and development services and customer hardware contracts. In 2024, the Company continued
to execute its business strategy to provide quantum-ready solutions for solving real-world problems. While we have made significant progress
toward this overarching objective, the generation of revenue from customers has been slow to develop, in part due to the fact that quantum
computing is a cutting-edge technology for most potential customers, who are therefore proceeding cautiously with small, exploratory contracts
to better understand its applicability to their requirements. Accordingly, the Company has focused on providing professional services
and research and development offerings to introduce customers to quantum-based solutions to their operating needs as well as on customer
education and building customer awareness as a means to generating sales. We have developed and released multiple products, including
commercial and research and development offerings and foundry services for TFLN Optical Chips manufacturing that we are now in the process
of marketing. As a result, we expect product revenues to continue to increase going forward.

Cost of Revenues

Cost of revenues, which consists of direct labor
expenses, primarily salary costs for engineering and solutions staff delivering services, and other direct component costs for custom
hardware on research and development contracts, was $261 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2024, compared to $196 thousand for
the prior year, an increase of $65 thousand, or 33%. Cost of revenues for each of the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 consists
primarily of salary expense. The increase for 2024 was predominantly driven by the increases in direct labor expenses and other direct
costs required to perform on the contracts during 2024 compared to the prior year.

30

Gross Margin

Gross margin for the year ended December 31, 2024
was $112 thousand compared to $162 thousand for the prior year, a decrease of $50 thousand, or 31%. On a percentage basis, gross margin
was 30%, a decrease of 15% year-over-year. The change was the result of a new custom hardware contract that had lower margins due to its
cost of revenues being comprised of other direct component costs in addition to direct labor expenses. Our lack of a scaled and distributed
base of revenue generation by product and sales channel can result in significant differences in gross margin between reporting periods.

Operating Expenses

Operating expenses of approximately $26.0 million
in 2024 decreased as compared to approximately $26.4 million in 2023 primarily as a result of a decrease in general and administrative
expenses, partially offset by an increase in research and development expenses, as set forth in the below tables (in thousands, except
percentages).

Year Ended December 31,

%

2024

2023

Change

General and administrative

$
12,913

$
15,708

(18
)%

General and administrative expenses consist primarily
of compensation expenses for employees performing administrative functions, and professional fees incurred for legal, auditing and other
consulting services.

General and administrative expenses in 2024 decreased
$2.8 million or 27% compared with 2023 primarily due to lower employee- and advisor-related expenses, including stock-based compensation,
payroll, bonus and travel expenses, as well as lower legal fees and consulting services driven by changes made within and by the Company’s
management team, offset by increased audit fees driven by the Company retaining a new independent registered public accounting firm in
May 2024and such firm’s re-audit of the Company’s consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2023
and 2022.

Year Ended December 31,

%

2024

2023

Change

Research and development

$
11,318

$
8,891

27
%

Research and development expenses consist primarily
of compensation for employees that primarily engage in research and development efforts and fees for the development of hardware products
and supporting software. We focus the bulk of our research and development activities on the continued development of existing products
and the development of new offerings for emerging market opportunities.

Research and development expenses in 2024 increased
$2.4 million or 27% compared with 2023 primarily due to higher employee-related expenses, primarily as a result of higher stock-based
compensation and bonus expenses to incentivize and retain key technologists, as well as higher depreciation for long-lived laboratory
equipment, offset partially by lower professional and hosting services.

Year Ended December 31,

%

2024

2023

Change

Sales and marketing

$
1,818

$
1,806

1
%

Selling and marketing expenses consist primarily
of employee compensation as well as customer lead generation activities, tradeshow participation, advertising and other marketing and
selling costs.

31

Net selling and marketing expenses in 2024 were
largely unchanged as compared with 2023, with increases primarily due to higher stock-based compensation, offset by lower outsourced professional
services costs, related marketing program costs, and lower trade show and travel-related costs in 2024.

Non-operating Income (Expense)

The following table summarizes our non-operating
income (expense) for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands, except percentages).

Year Ended December 31

%

2024

2023

Change

Interest and other income

$
423

$
295

43
%

Interest expense, net

(2,496
)

(1,602
)

56
%

Change in value of derivative and warrant liabilities

(40,532
)

528

NM

Other income (expense)

$
(42,605
)

$
(779
)

NM

Non-operating expense increased to $42.6 million
for 2024 compared to $779 thousand for 2023, primarily as the result of a $40.5 million decrease in the change in fair value of the derivative
liability for the QPhoton Warrants, as defined below, during 2024 compared to a $528 thousand increase in 2023.

The loss on change in value of warrant liability
is entirely comprised of mark-to-market adjustments for the QPhoton Warrants, as defined below in the accompanying notes to our consolidated
financial statements appearing elsewhere in this report, which had no carrying value as of December 31, 2023. Future mark-to-market adjustments
may result in continued losses if the price of the Company’s common stock increases above the closing bid price of $16.55 per share
at December 31, 2024; such adjustments may alternatively result in gains if the closing bid share price of the Company’s common
stock decreases. See Note 10, 
Capital Stock
, in the accompanying notes to our consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere
in this report for additional information on the QPhoton Warrants.

In addition, interest expense, net, which consists of interest on financial
liabilities and amortization of debt issuance costs, increased $128 thousand or 43% in 2024 compared to 2023, which increase was primarily
attributable to interest paid on the secured convertible promissory note in the original principal amount of $8.25 million that we issued
to Streeterville Capital, LLC in August 2024 (the “Streeterville Convertible Note”), which we paid in full as of December
31, 2024. See Note 7, 
Financial Liabilities
, in the accompanying notes to our consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere
in this report for additional information.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

We have incurred net losses and experienced negative
cash flows from operations since inception. Through December 31, 2024, the Company has raised $167.8 million through its issuance of common
stock and $20.1 million through its issuance of convertible promissory notes and other debt for a total of $187.9 million. The Company
has no lines of credit or short-term debt obligations outstanding. We expect to incur additional losses and higher operating expenses
for the foreseeable future as we continue to invest in research and development and go-to-market programs. As of December 31, 2024, the
Company had cash and cash equivalents of $78.9 million.

Our primary uses of cash are to fund and invest
in our operations as we continue to grow our business. We will require a significant amount of cash for continued investment in our Foundry
Services offering, including but not limited to our AZ Chips Facility and any future-identified space for expansion, as well as ongoing
research and development for our non-linear quantum optical products and photonics chips. Until such time as we can generate significant
revenue from sales or subscriptions of our hardware offerings, we expect to finance our operating and investing needs through our cash
and cash equivalents and, equity and/or debt financings or other capital sources, including but not limited to U.S. government grant and
loan programs. We may, however, be unable to raise sufficient funds or enter into such other arrangements, when needed, on favorable terms,
or at all. In particular, uncertain and unfavorable conditions in the United States and global macroeconomic environment, including inflationary
pressures, rising interest rates, bank failures, and financial and credit market fluctuations, could reduce our ability to access capital
on favorable terms, or at all. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities,
the ownership interest of our stockholders will be, or could be, diluted, and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or
other preferences that adversely affect the rights of our common stockholders. Debt financing and equity financing, if available, may
involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt,
making capital expenditures or declaring dividends. If we are unable to raise additional funds through equity or debt financings when
needed, we may be required to delay, limit, or substantially reduce our product development and go-to-market efforts. There can be no
assurances that the Company will be able to secure additional equity and/or debt investments or achieve an adequate sales level. We believe,
however, that the Company’s existing cash and cash equivalents, together with any cash generated from operations and the proceeds
from any additional equity or debt issuances will be sufficient to meet the Company’s liquidity needs for at least the next 12 months.

32

The following table summarizes total current assets,
liabilities and working capital at December 31, 2024, compared to December 31, 2023 (in thousands):

December 31,
 2024

December 31,
 2023

Increase/
 (Decrease)

Current assets

$
79,151

$
2,656

$
76,495

Current liabilities

$
4,559

$
4,812

$
(253
)

Working capital (deficit)

$
74,592

$
(2,156
)

$
76,748

At December 31, 2024, we had working capital of
$74.6 million as compared to working capital deficit of $2.2 million at December 31, 2023, an increase of $76.8 million. The increase
in working capital is primarily attributable to an increase in cash from the net proceeds of our sales of 16 million shares of common
stock for an aggregate of $40 million in November 2024 and 10 million shares of common stock for an aggregate of $50 million in December
2024, and our issuance of 23.7 million shares of common stock for an aggregate of $23.8 million through the Company’s ATM, as defined
below, managed by Ascendiant Capital Markets, LLC during 2024, offset by the use of cash to pay for operating expenses and capital investments
in property and equipment. For more information on the November and December issuances, please see Note 10, 
Capital Stock
, in the
accompanying notes to our  consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere in this report.

Cash Flows

The following table summarizes our cash flow for
the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands):

Year Ended December 31,

2024

2023

Net cash used in operating activities

$
(16,213
)

$
(18,315
)

Net cash used in investing activities

(6,036
)

(2,612
)

Net cash provided by financing activities

99,135

17,678

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents

$
76,886

$
(3,249
)

Net cash used in operating activities for the
years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 was $16.2 million and $18.3 million, respectively, in each case primarily as a result of our net
loss in each period offset by noncash adjustments for stock-based compensation, mark-to-market valuation adjustments on financial liabilities,
and depreciation and amortization.

Net cash used in investing activities for the
years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 was $6.0 million and $2.6 million, respectively, and was attributable to our purchase of TFLN Optical
Chips manufacturing equipment for our AZ Chips Facility, as well as computer hardware and laboratory equipment. The increase in 2024 is
primarily due to the purchase of additional equipment in connection with establishing the AZ Chip Facility.

33

Net cash provided by financing activities for
the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 was $99.1 million and $17.7 million, respectively. Cash flows provided by financing activities
during year ended December 31, 2024 were attributable to proceeds from our stock issuances in November and December 2024, and the proceeds
from our sale of shares of common stock pursuant to the ATM facility and our issuance of the Streeterville Convertible Note, partially
offset by repayments on the Streeterville Unsecured Note, as defined below, and the Streeterville Convertible Note as well as redemptions
of shares of Series A Preferred Stock.

On a long-term basis, our liquidity is dependent
on continuation and expansion of operations and receipt of revenues. Demand for the Company’s products and services will be dependent
on, among other things, market acceptance of our products and services, the technology market in general, and general economic conditions,
which are cyclical in nature. As much revenues will be derived from the sales of our products and services, our business operations may
be adversely affected by the products and services offered by our competitors and any prolonged recession periods.

Critical Accounting Estimates

Certain of our accounting policies require the application of significant
judgment by our management, and such judgments are reflected in the amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements. In applying
these policies, our management uses judgment to determine the appropriate assumptions to be used in the determination of estimates. Those
estimates are based on our historical experience, terms of existing contracts, our observance of market trends, information provided by
our strategic partners and information available from other outside sources, as appropriate. Actual results may differ significantly from
the estimates contained in our consolidated financial statements.

Fair Value of Stock-based Compensation

We recognize stock-based compensation expense
for all share-based payment awards in accordance with ASC 718, 
Compensation – Stock Compensation
. Stock-based compensation
expense for expected-to-vest awards is valued under the single-option approach and amortized on a straight-line basis, accounting for
actual forfeitures as they occur. We utilize the Black-Scholes pricing model in order to determine the fair value of stock-based option
awards. The Black-Scholes pricing model requires various highly subjective assumptions including volatility, expected option life, and
risk-free interest rate. The assumptions used in calculating the fair value of share-based payment awards represent management’s
best estimates. These estimates involve inherent uncertainties and the application of management judgment. If factors change and different
assumptions are used, our stock-based compensation expense could be materially different in the future.

Fair Value of Warrant Liabilities and Derivatives

Determining the fair market value of the QPhoton Warrants, which were
included in the merger consideration paid to the stockholders of QPhoton (the “QPhoton Merger Consideration”), is a critical
accounting estimate. The QPhoton Warrants are comprised of warrants to purchase up to 7,028,337 shares of the Company’s common stock
at an exercise price of $0.0001 per share (the “QPhoton Warrants”) and are exercisable when and if stock options and warrants
issued by the Company and outstanding as of June 15, 2022 are exercised. The Merger Consideration for shareholders Yuping Huang and The
Trustees of the Stevens Institute of Technology was issued in 2022. A third alleged shareholder, BV Advisory, rejected the Merger Consideration
and commenced litigation in Delaware Chancery Court (see Note 8, 
Contingencies – Legal Proceedings
, in this Form 10-K for
additional information and Item 3, 
Legal Proceedings
, in this Form 10-K for a full discussion), and to date that litigation has
not been resolved. Accordingly, as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, we had only issued 6,325,503 of the QPhoton Warrants. In determining
the fair market value of the QPhoton Warrants, the Company determines which underlying options and warrants are in-the-money or out-of-the-money
at period end by comparing to the bid price of the Company’s common stock, then accounts for changes period-over-period by realizing
a mark-to-market gain or loss for the period.

An additional critical accounting estimates involves
determining the fair value of the conversion features ingerent in the Streeterville Convertible Note (the “Streeterville Derivative
Liability”), which involves inherent uncertainties and the application of management judgement. The Streeterville Derivative Liability
will be mark-to-market adjusted on a quarterly basis and accreted as interest expense while the Streeterville Convertible Note is outstanding.

34

Fair Market Value and Useful Life of Intangible
Assets

Determining the fair market value and useful life
of the intangible assets acquired by the Company through the QPhoton Merger is another critical accounting estimate. In the absence of
market pricing for the intangible assets, the Company relied on independent third-party appraisal experts and comparison with similar
transactions to arrive at estimates of value as well as useful life. The Company will perform periodic assessments of the intangible assets
for impairment, but if any of the initial estimates are incorrect, that could result in a calculation of amortization expense that is
too high or too low.

Valuation Allowances for Deferred Taxes

Our income tax expense, deferred tax assets and
liabilities, and reserves for unrecognized tax benefits reflect management’s assessment of estimated current and future income taxes
to be paid. We are subject to income taxes in the United States. Significant judgments and estimates are required in determining the consolidated
income tax expense, deferred tax assets and liabilities and reserves for unrecognized tax benefits.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities arise from
temporary differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and their reported amounts in the consolidated financial statements,
which are expected to result in taxable or deductible amounts in the future. In evaluating our ability to recover our deferred tax assets
within the jurisdiction from which they arise, for all material jurisdictions, we consider all available positive and negative evidence,
including scheduled reversals of deferred tax balances, projected future taxable income, tax-planning strategies and results of recent
operations. In projecting future taxable income, we begin with historical results and incorporate assumptions about the amount of future
state, federal and foreign pretax operating income adjusted for items that do not have tax consequences. The assumptions about future
taxable income require significant judgment and are consistent with the plans and estimates we use to manage the underlying businesses.
In evaluating the objective evidence that historical results provide, we consider three years of cumulative operating results.

As of December 31, 2024,
we had federal and state net operating loss (“NOL”) carryforwards of approximately $89.4 million, or $19.6 million on a tax-effected
basis. We believe that it is more likely than not that the benefit from these NOL carryforwards will not be realized. Accordingly, we
have provided a full valuation allowance on any potential deferred tax assets relating to these NOL carryforwards. If our assumptions
change and we determine we will be able to realize these NOLs, the tax benefits relating to any reversal of the valuation allowance on
deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2024, will be accounted for as a reduction of income tax expense.

The calculation of our
tax liabilities involves evaluating uncertainties in the application of complex tax laws and regulations in a multitude of jurisdictions
across our global operations. ASC 740, 
Income Taxes
, states that a tax benefit from an uncertain tax position may be recognized
when it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination, including the resolution of any related appeals
or litigation processes, on the basis of the technical merits.

We record unrecognized tax benefits as liabilities
in accordance with ASC 740 and adjust these liabilities when our judgment changes as a result of the evaluation of new information not
previously available. Because of the complexity of some of these uncertainties, the ultimate resolution may result in a tax payment that
is materially different from our current estimate of the unrecognized tax benefit liabilities. These differences will be reflected as
increases or decreases to income tax expense in the period in which new information is made available.

We believe that none of the unrecognized tax benefits
may be recognized by the end of 2024.

Legal and Other Contingencies

The outcomes of legal
proceedings and claims brought against us are subject to significant uncertainty. An estimated loss from a loss contingency such as a
legal proceeding or claim is accrued by a charge to income if it is probable that an asset has been impaired or a liability has been incurred
and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. In determining whether a loss should be accrued we evaluate, among other factors,
the degree of probability of an unfavorable outcome and the ability to make a reasonable estimate of the amount of loss. Changes in these
factors could materially impact our consolidated financial statements.

35

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK.

Not applicable.

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
DATA.

Our consolidated financial statements are contained
in pages F-1 through F-29 which appear at the end of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS
ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.

None.

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES.

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

We maintain “disclosure controls and procedures,”
as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act. In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures,
our management recognized that disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable,
not absolute, assurance that the objectives of disclosure controls and procedures are met. Additionally, in designing disclosure controls
and procedures, our management was necessarily required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible
controls and procedures. The design of any disclosure controls and procedures also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the
likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential
future conditions.

As of the end of the period covered by this Annual
Report on Form 10-K, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal
executive officer and our principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based on such evaluation,
our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that as of December 31, 2024, our disclosure controls and procedures
were not effective to provide reasonable assurance that (i) the information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file
or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC’s
rules and forms, and (ii) such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and
President and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 

Report of Management on Internal Control over
Financial Reporting 

Company management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company. The Company’s internal control over financial
reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal executive and principal financial officers and effected
by the Board, management and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods
are subject to the risks that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the
policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Material Weakness in Internal Control over
Financial Reporting

Company management has assessed the effectiveness
of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024. In making this assessment, management used the
criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework
(2013).

36

Based on this assessment, management has determined
that the Company’s internal control over financial reporting was not effective.

A material weakness,
as defined by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over
financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements
will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis.

The ineffectiveness of
the Company’s internal control over financial reporting was due to the following material weaknesses which are common to many small
companies with limited staff:

(i)

inadequate segregation of duties consistent with control objectives;

(ii)

inadequate controls related to revenue recognition;

(iii)

insufficient written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements and application of both accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and SEC Guidelines; and

(iv)

inadequate information technology general controls specifically related to security, segregation of duties, user access, restricted access and change management.

Management’s Plan to Remediate the
Material Weakness

The Company has been
implementing and continues to implement measures designed to ensure that control deficiencies contributing to the material weaknesses
are remediated, such that these controls are designed, implemented, and operating effectively. In addition to identifying and remediating
design deficiencies in its processes, the Company has formally documented its procedures for many of the significant accounting and financial
reporting processes, including implementation of procedures for revenue recognition and segregation of duties. The other remediation actions
planned include:

(i)

further documentation and implementation of control procedures and the implementation of control monitoring; and

(ii)

identify and remedy gaps in our information technology general controls specifically related to the areas of security, user access, restricted access and change management.

We are committed to maintaining
a strong internal control environment and believe that these remediation efforts will represent significant improvements in our control
environment. Our management will continue to monitor and evaluate the relevance of our risk-based approach and the effectiveness of our
internal controls and procedures over financial reporting on an ongoing basis and is committed to taking further action and implementing
additional enhancements or improvements, as necessary and as funds allow.

Management’s report
on internal control over financial reporting was not subject to attestation by the Company’s registered public accounting firm pursuant
to rules of the SEC that permit a Smaller Reporting Company to provide only Management’s report in this annual report, which may
increase the risk that weaknesses or deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting go undetected.

Changes in Internal
Control over Financial Reporting

As discussed above, we
are implementing certain measures to remediate the material weaknesses identified in the design and operation of our internal control
over financial reporting. Other than those measures, there have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2024 that have materially affected,
or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION.

Rule 10b5-1 Trading
Plans

During the three months
ended December 31, 2024, none of our directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Exchange Act) 
adopted
, 
terminated
 or 
modified

the amount, pricing or timing provisions of a “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement,” as defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K,
or a “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement,” as defined in Item 408(c) of Regulation S-K.

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS
THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS.

Not applicable.

37

PART III

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE.

Directors and Executive Officers

The following table contains information with
respect to our directors and executive officers. To the best of our knowledge, none of our directors or executive officers have an arrangement
or understanding with any other person pursuant to which he or she was selected as a director or officer. There are no family relationships
between any of our directors or executive officers. Directors serve one-year terms. Our executive officers are appointed by and serve
at the pleasure of the Board.

Name

Current

Age

Position

Dr. William McGann (1)

67

Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and President (Principal Executive Officer)

Christopher Boehmler

46

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)

Dr. Yuping Huang

45

Chairman of the Board and Chief Quantum Officer

Robert Fagenson

76

Vice Chairman of the Board

Michael Turmelle

65

Director

Dr. Carl Weimer

63

Director 

Dr. Javad Shabani

43

Director

Dr. McGann
 has served as the Company’s
CEO and President since February 1, 2024. Prior to that, he had served as the Company’s Chief Technology Officer and Chief
Operations Officer since January 2022 and as a Director of the Company from September 2021 to December 2021. Prior to
joining Quantum Computing, Dr. McGann was the Chief Technology Officer for the Security, Detection and Automation business at Leidos
Holdings, Inc., a provider of technical services, primarily to the U.S. government, from May 2019 to January 2022. Dr. McGann
has a strong, directed passion for transforming credible science into practical technology solutions in solving some of the world’s
greatest challenges. Prior to joining Leidos, Dr. McGann held numerous business and technology leadership positions and roles including
(a) Founder of the first explosives trace detection company, Ion Track Instruments, (b) Chief Technology Officer for GE Security,
(c) VP of Engineering for United Technologies Fire and Security business, (d) CEO and board member of Implant Sciences Corp.,
and (e) Chief Technology Officer at L3Harris Aviation Security and Detection business. Dr. McGann holds a Ph.D. in Chemical
Physics from the University of Connecticut and undergraduate degrees in Chemistry and Biology.

Mr. Boehmler
 has served as the Company’s
Chief Financial Officer since July 1, 2023. Mr. Boehmler joined Quantum Computing Inc. as Controller in March 2022. He
worked as an independent consultant from June 2018 until March 2022, serving both private and non-profit organizations.
Previous to June 2018, his corporate finance experience includes 12 years in senior management positions for private and public
technology-driven and financial institutions, primarily at Bridgewater Associates, LP and Intelsat. During this time, he also led
the finance functions for two start-ups where he was instrumental in raising private equity and performing due diligence on acquisition
targets. His financial expertise spans capital markets, planning & analysis, accounting operations, management and regulatory
reporting, financial systems integrations, and financial risks and controls. He started his career working in the investment
banking division of Credit Suisse First Boston, followed by strategic management consulting for Booz Allen Hamilton. Mr. Boehmler
has an undergraduate degree in Economics with a minor in Germanic Studies from the University of Chicago.

38

Dr. Huang
 has served as the Company’s
Chairman of the Board since December 10, 2024 and as Chief Quantum Officer and a Director since June 14, 2022. Dr. Huang
has over 20 years of experience in commercial and academic settings, with pioneering research in a wide spectrum of quantum physics,
optics, and technology. Prior to joining the Company, Dr. Yuping founded QPhoton, Inc., where he served as Chairman of the Board
and Chief Executive Officer from 2020 until its acquisition by the Company in 2022. QPhoton was a development stage company commercializing
quantum photonic technology and devices to provide innovative and practical quantum solutions for critical challenges facing big data,
cyber, remote sensing, and healthcare industries. Dr. Huang worked as a postdoctoral fellow, a research faculty member, and principal
investigator at Northwestern University from 2009-2014. Dr. Huang has been a Professor of Physics at the Stevens Institute of
Technology, a private research technological university in Hoboken, New Jersey, since 2014 (from 2014 to 2019 as assistant professor,
from 2019-2023 as associate professor and as a full professor since 2023). Dr. Huang is the founding director of the Center
for Quantum Science and Engineering and Gallagher Associate Professor of Physics at the Stevens Institute of Technology. He received a
Bachelor of Science in modern physics from the University of Science and Technology of China in 2004 and a PhD in quantum AMO physics
in 2009 from Michigan State University. Dr. Huang’s expertise in quantum physics and optics and leadership experience in quantum
research qualifies him to serve as a member of the Board.

Mr. Fagenson
 has served as a Director
of the Company since March 2021 and as Vice Chairman since December 10, 2024. Mr. Fagenson has served as a member of the board
of directors of National Holdings Corporation (“NHC”), a broker-dealer, since March 2012. He has served as Vice Chairman
of the board of directors of NHC since September 2016. Mr. Fagenson previously served as Co-Chief Executive Officer of
NHC from January 3, 2017 to January 31, 2017, as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the board of directors of NHC from
December 2014 to September 2016, and as Executive Vice Chairman of the board of directors of NHC from July 2012 to
December 2014. NHC was acquired by B. Riley Financial in February 2024. Mr. Fagenson has been a branch owner at National
Securities Corp, an operating company of NHC, since 2012, and president of Fagenson & Co., Inc., a family investment company,
since 1982. Mr. Fagenson spent the majority of his career at the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”), where he was
managing partner of one of the exchange’s largest specialist firms. While at the NYSE, Mr. Fagenson served as a governor on
the trading floor and was elected to the NYSE board of directors in 1993, where he served for six years, eventually becoming vice
chairman of the NYSE board of directors from 1998 to 1999 and 2003 to 2004. Mr. Fagenson has served as director of the New York
City Police Museum since 2005 and as director of the Federal Law Enforcement Officers Association Foundation since 2009. He has also served
on the board of directors of Sigma Alpha Mu Foundation since 2011 and on the board of directors of New York Edge since 2015. In addition,
Mr. Fagenson served as the non-executive chairman of Document Security Systems, Inc. from 2012 to 2018 (NYSEMKT: DSS).
He is currently a member of the alumni boards of the Whitman School of Business at Syracuse University. Mr. Fagenson received his
B.S. in Transportation Sciences & Finance from Syracuse University in 1970. Mr. Fagenson’s experience in the financial
services industry and in senior leadership positions qualifies him to serve as a member of the board and as chairman of the compensation
committee.

Mr. Turmelle 
has served as a Director
of the Company since January 2022. Mr. Turmelle has served on the board of directors of Ideal Power Inc. since December 2017
and as chairman of the Ideal Power board since 2021. From January 2018 through January 2024, Mr. Turmelle served as the
Managing Director of Hayward Tyler, a United Kingdom private equity-backed manufacturer and service provider of pumps and motors,
which he joined in February 2015. Mr. Turmelle also served on the boards of Hayward Tyler and Energy Steel (a Hayward Tyler
subsidiary) from 2017 until January 2024. Hayward Tyler designs, manufactures, and services performance-critical electric motors
and pumps to meet the most demanding of applications for the global energy industry, as both an original equipment manufacturer supplier
and trusted partner. Previously, Mr. Turmelle ran his own consulting company, working with start-ups and turn-arounds in
the areas of renewable energy, medical, and other advanced technologies. Mr. Turmelle has served on numerous Boards of Directors
including the Board of Directors of Implant Sciences Corp., an explosive and narcotic trace detection company, where he served as Chairman
of the Board from 2015 to 2017. Mr. Turmelle was Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer and a member of the Board
of Directors of SatCon Technology Corporation, a maker of energy management systems, from 1992 to 2005. Mr. Turmelle was also
on the Board of Directors of Beacon Power, a SatCon spin-off company dealing in flywheel energy storage, from 1996 to 2000. Mr. Turmelle
has a BA in Economics from Amherst College and is a graduate of General Electric’s Financial Management Program. Mr. Turmelle’s
experience as a public company director and executive as well as extensive experience in finance, business operations and technology,
qualifies him to serve as a member of the Board and as chairman of the audit committee.

39

Dr. Weimer 
has served as a director
of the Company since January 14, 2023. Dr. Weimer has over 25 years of experience in the aerospace industry. He has previously
been involved in two companies in the aerospace industry, holding positions including Director of Research, Principal Investigator, Chief
Systems Engineer, and Chief Technologist. From 1994 through 2000, Dr. Weimer was a Director Research for Ophir Corporation, an aerospace
optics company. From 2000 to 2025 he was Technical Leader for Ball Aerospace & Technologies Corp. (now BAE Systems SMS)
developing advanced high-reliability instrumentation, and in 2008 he was awarded a NASA Distinguished Public Service Medal for space-based
lidar technologies. Since 2014 he’s been the Chief Technologist for the Civil Business Unit Leading a team performing R&D for
future space missions. In addition, Dr. Weimer has been a Principal Investigator for the NASA Earth Science Technology Office since
2008, and he holds seven U.S. patents in optical systems. Dr. Weimer received a Bachelor of Science degree from Harvey Mudd
College (1984) and a Master of Science (1987) and a PhD (1992) from Colorado State University, all in experimental Physics.
He did his graduate and postdoctoral research in the Ion Storage Group at NIST Boulder and a second postdoc in the Optical Standards Group.
Dr. Weimer’s expertise in advanced optics and leadership experience in the aerospace industry qualifies him to serve as a member
of the Board.

Dr. Shabani
 has served as a director
of the Company since April 19, 2024. Dr. Shabani has over 13 years of experience in advanced physics and quantum information
physics. Dr. Shabani has been a professor in the New York University Physics Department and director of the NYU Center for Quantum
Information Physics since 2024. From 2022 to 2024, he was an Associate Professor at the NYU Physics Department. From 2017 to 2022, he
was an Assistant Professor at the NYU Physics Department. From 2015 to 2017, Dr. Shabani was an Assistant Professor at the City College
of New York Physics Department. From 2014 to 2015, he was a Project Scientist in the California Nanosystems Institute at the University
of California Santa Barbara. He was a Postdoctoral Fellow at the Harvard University Physics Department from 2011 to 2012 and the California
Nanosystems Institute at the University of California Santa Barbara from 2012 to 2014. He was awarded the IBM Q Scholar Award in 2021,
and the US Air Force Young Investigator Program Award and the US Army Young Investigator Award in 2016. Dr. Shabani holds four patents
in quantum physics applications and has published over 85 papers. Dr. Shabani received Bachelor of Science degrees in physics and
electrical engineering from Sharif University of Technology (2004) a Master of Science in Electrical Engineering from the University
of California, Santa Cruz (2005), a Master of Arts in Electrical Engineering from Princeton University (2007) and a PhD in Electrical
Engineering from Princeton University (2011). Dr. Shabani’s scholarship and experience in physics and electrical engineering
qualifies him to serve on the Board to help lead the Company towards continued growth and success.

Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires the
Company’s directors, executive officers and persons who beneficially own 10% or more of a class of securities registered under Section
12 of the Exchange Act to file reports of beneficial ownership and changes in beneficial ownership with the SEC. Directors, executive
officers and greater than 10% stockholders are required by the rules and regulations of the SEC to furnish the Company with copies of
all reports filed by them in compliance with Section 16(a).

Based solely upon a review of Forms 3 and 4 and
amendments thereto furnished to the Company during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, including those reports that we have filed
on behalf of our directors and Section 16 officers, no director, Section 16 officer, beneficial owner of more than 10% of the outstanding
common stock, or any other person subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act, failed to file with the SEC on a timely basis during the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, except (i) as previously disclosed by the Company, (ii) Robert Liscouski filed a Form 4 on July 7,
2023, which was delinquent, in connection with his sale of common stock, the earliest of which occurred on November 25, 2022.

40

Code of Ethics

The Company currently maintains a code of ethics
that applies to all directors, officers, and employees. A copy of our code of ethics can be found on our website at www.quantumcomputinginc.com.
We expect that any amendments to such code, or any waivers of its requirements, will be disclosed on our website.

Insider Trading Policy

The Company has 
adopted
 an insider trading policy
that governs the purchase, sale and other dispositions of our securities that applies to our officers and directors, as
well as our employees that have regular access to material, nonpublic information about the Company in the normal course of their duties.
We believe that our insider trading policy is reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations,
and listing standards applicable to us. A copy of our insider trading policy is filed as Exhibit 19.1 to this Form 10-K.

Board Composition and Director Independence

The Board is authorized to have up to seven members
and currently consists of five members. The nominees elected as directors at the Annual Meeting will serve until our next annual meeting
and until their successors are duly elected and qualified. Nasdaq Listing Rule 5605(a)(2) requires a majority of a listed company’s
board of directors be composed of independent directors. In addition, Nasdaq Listing Rules require that, subject to specified exceptions,
each member of a listed company’s audit, compensation, and nominating committees be independent, and that compensation and audit
committee members also satisfy additional independence criteria under the Exchange Act. Compensation committee members also should qualify
as “non-employee directors” under Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act.

In making the determination of whether a member
of the board is independent, the Board considers, among other things, transactions and relationships between each director and his immediate
family and the Company, including those reported under the caption “
Certain Relationships and Related-Party Transactions
.”
The purpose of this review is to determine whether any such relationships or transactions are material and, therefore, inconsistent with
a determination that the directors are independent. On the basis of such review and its understanding of such relationships and transactions,
the Board affirmatively determined that Robert Fagenson, Michael Turmelle, Carl Weimer and Javad Shabani are qualified as independent
and that they have no material relationship with us that might interfere with his exercise of independent judgment.

Board Committees; Audit Committee Financial
Expert; Stockholder Nominations

The Board has established an audit committee,
a compensation committee and a nominating and corporate governance committee. Each such committee has its own charter, which is available
on our website at 
www.quantumcomputing.com.
 Each of such Board committees has the composition and responsibilities described below.

The following table identifies the committee members:

Name

Audit

Compensation

Nominating and
 Corporate
 Governance

Independent

Robert Fagenson

X

Chairman

X

X

Michael Turmelle

Chairman

X

X

X

Javad Shabani

X

X

X

Carl Weimer

X

Chairman

X

Yuping Huang

The Board has determined that Michael Turmelle
is an “audit committee financial expert,” as such term is defined in Item 407(d)(5) of SEC Regulation S-K.

Members will serve on these committees until their
resignation or until otherwise determined by the Board.

41

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings.

Our Chief Executive Officer, Dr. McGann, was the
Chief Executive Officer of Implant Sciences Corporation, when it filed a petition for bankruptcy on October 11, 2016 in the Delaware Bankruptcy
Court.

With the exception of the foregoing, to the best
of our knowledge, none of our directors or executive officers has, during the past ten years:

●

been
    convicted in a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor
    offenses);

●

had
    any bankruptcy petition filed by or against the business or property of the person, or of any partnership, corporation or business
    association of which he was a general partner or executive officer, either at the time of the bankruptcy filing or within two years
    prior to that time;

●

been
    subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction
    or federal or state authority, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting, his involvement in
    any type of business, securities, futures, commodities, investment, banking, savings and loan, or insurance activities, or to be
    associated with persons engaged in any such activity;

●

been
    found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Securities and Exchange Commission or the Commodity Futures
    Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended,
    or vacated;

●

been
    the subject of, or a party to, any federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently
    reversed, suspended or vacated (not including any settlement of a civil proceeding among private litigants), relating to an alleged
    violation of any federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, any law or regulation respecting financial institutions
    or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution,
    civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order, or any law or regulation prohibiting
    mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or

●

been
    the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization
    (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange
    Act), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons
    associated with a member.

42

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

Summary Compensation Table

The following summary compensation table sets
forth all compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to the named executive officers paid by us during the years ended December 31, 2024
and 2023.

2024 EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION TABLE

Name and Principal Position

Year

Salary
 ($)

Bonus
 ($)

Stock Awards
 ($)

Option Awards
 ($)

All Other Compensation
 ($)

Total
 ($)

William McGann
(1)

2024

402,216

42,188

0

151,911

0

596,314

Chief Executive Officer and President

2023

403,074

0

207,488

0

0

610,562

Chris Boehmler
(2)

2024

300,451

70,313

174,000

313,062

0

857,826

Chief Financial Officer

2023

260,246

5,000

75,648

163,101

0

503,995

Robert Liscouski
(3)(4)

2024

33,490

0

193,200

0

366,667

593,357

Chairman

2023

403,130

0

0

75,263

0

478,393

Yuping Huang

2024

380,369

33,751

0

0

0

414,120

Chief Quantum Officer

2023

400,300

0

106,496

0

0

506,796

(1)
Dr.
McGann was appointed CEO and President effective February 1, 2024; prior to that time, he served as the Company’s Chief Operating
Officer and Chief Technology Officer.

(2)

Mr. Boehmler was appointed Chief Financial Officer of the Company on July 1, 2023.

(3)
Mr.
Liscouski was terminated as CEO and President effective January 31, 2024.

(4)
All
other compensation amounts for 2024 consist of severance payments, per Mr. Liscouski’s Separation Agreement and General Release.

Employment Agreements and Change-in-Control
Provisions

Executive Employment Agreements

Dr. McGann Employment Agreement

We entered into an employment agreement with Dr. William
J. McGann, our Chief Executive Officer and President, on January 3, 2022, as amended on February 1, 2024 and December 30, 2024.
Dr. McGann’s employment agreement, as amended, is for a term ending on December 31, 2025. Dr. McGann’s employment
agreement, as amended, provides for an annual base salary of $420,000, subject to annual review and adjustment as determined by the Board
or its compensation committee. Dr. McGann is also eligible to earn an annual cash bonus in an amount of up to 37.5% of his base salary,
subject to achieving certain performance milestones established and approved by the Board, with a minimum annual cash bonus of 5%. Pursuant
to the agreement, on January 3, 2022, Dr. McGann was granted options to purchase up to 535,000 shares of our common stock, with
one-third of the options vesting immediately upon grant and one-third vesting upon each of the first and second anniversary
of the date of grant.

Pursuant to the terms of his employment agreement,
the Company may terminate Dr. McGann’s employment with or without Cause, as defined in the agreement, and Dr. McGann may
terminate his employment with or without Good Reason, as defined in the agreement, upon written notice to the Company as set forth in
the agreement. Upon termination of Dr. McGann’s employment by the Company without Cause or by Dr. McGann for Good Reason,
the Company shall continue to pay Dr. McGann his then current monthly base salary for 12 months from the date of termination.
The Company must also continue Dr. McGann’s coverage under and its contributions to his health care, dental, and life insurance
benefits for six months, unless he is or becomes covered by an equivalent benefit, and pay him a pro rata portion of any bonus he
has earned prior to his termination. In addition, if the Company terminates Dr. McGann’s employment without Cause or he terminates
his employment for Good Reason within 12 months after a Change of Control, as define in the agreement, or an acquisition, then the
Company must pay to Dr. McGann an additional sum equal to 12 months of his base salary.

43

As a full-time employee of the Company, Dr. McGann
is eligible to participate in all of the Company’s bonus and benefit programs.

Mr. Boehmler Employment Agreement

We entered into an employment agreement with Mr.
Christopher Boehmler, our Chief Financial Officer, dated as of June 26, 2023, pursuant to which Mr. Boehmler serves as our Chief
Financial Officer. The agreement provides for an indefinite term, that Mr. Boehmler’s employment is at-will, and that either the
Company or Mr. Boehmler can terminate his employment for any reason. Mr. Boehmler’s employment agreement provides for an annual
base salary of $300,000 per year, subject to annual review and adjustment as determined by the Board or its compensation committee. Under
his employment agreement, Mr. Boehmler is also eligible for an annual incentive bonus in the amount of up to 50% of his base salary, subject
to Mr. Boehmler achieving certain performance milestones established by the Board or its compensation committee, and, subject to
Board approval, an annual grant of options to purchase 125,000 shares of our common stock at an exercise price equal to 110% of the grant
date fair market value, one-third of which shall vest on the grant date and the remainder becoming exercisable in equal monthly installments
over the following three years. Pursuant to the agreement, Mr. Boehmler was issued options to purchase 300,000 shares of the Company’s
common stock in 2023, 100,000 of which vested on the grant date and 100,000 of which shall vest on each of the 12- and 24-month anniversary
of the grant date.

If the Company terminates Mr. Boehmler’s
employment without Cause, as defined in the agreement, or Mr. Boehmler terminates his employment for Good Reason, as defined in the agreement,
with 90 days prior notice to the Company and subject to his execution of a release in favor of the Company, the Company shall pay Mr.
Boehmler an amount equal to his then current monthly base salary for 12 months from the date of termination. The Company must also, subject
to his timely election of continuation coverage under COBRA, continue payment or reimbursement of 100% of Mr. Boehmler’s premiums
for such health insurance coverage for six months following his termination or until he becomes covered by an equivalent benefit, and
pay him a pro rata portion of any bonus he has earned prior to his termination. In addition, if the Company terminates Mr. Boehmler’s
employment without Cause or he terminates his employment for Good Reason within 12 months after a Change of Control, as define in the
agreement, then the Company must pay to Mr. Boehmler an additional sum equal to 12 months of his base salary.

As a full-time employee of the Company, Mr. Boehmler
is eligible to participate in all of the Company’s benefit programs.

Mr. Liscouski Employment Agreement

The Company and Mr. Robert Liscouski were parties
to an amended and restated employment agreement dated as of April 26, 2021, pursuant to which Mr. Liscouski served as our Chief Executive
Officer during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2023 (the “Liscouski Employment Agreement”). The Liscouski Employment
Agreement provided for an initial term of three years and would be automatically renewed for consecutive one-year terms at the end of
the initial term unless terminated or either party provided notice of non-renewal to the other. The agreement provided that Mr. Liscouski
would receive an annual base salary of $400,000, subject to review and increases (but not decreases) by the Board or its compensation
committee and be eligible to earn a performance bonus of up to 50% of his base salary subject to his achieving certain performance milestones
established by the Board. The agreement also provided that, beginning on the first anniversary thereof, Mr. Liscouski would receive an
annual grant of options to purchase 150,000 shares of our common stock at an exercise price equal to 110% of the grant date fair market
value, with one-third vesting on the date of grant and the remainder vesting in equal monthly installments thereafter. Pursuant to the
Liscouski Employment Agreement, Mr. Liscouski also received (i) options to purchase 250,000 shares of common stock of the Company upon
execution of the agreement and (ii) 250,000 options to purchase shares of common stock of the Company upon the Company’s listing
on Nasdaq.

In connection with the termination of Mr. Liscouski
employment as our Chief Executive Officer on January 31 2024, the Company and Mr. Liscouski entered into a Separation Agreement and General
Release. Pursuant to the separation agreement, the Company agreed to pay Mr. Liscouski $400,000, representing 12 months of his base salary,
on the Company’s regular payroll dates for 12 months following his termination, to grant him 168,000 shares of Company common stock,
and, subject to his timely election of continuation coverage under COBRA, to continue to pay or reimburse 100% of his premiums for such
health insurance coverage for 12 months following his termination or until he becomes covered by an equivalent benefit. The separation
agreement also provides that Mr. Liscouski’s unvested options and restricted stock grants vested as of his termination date.

We also entered into an agreement with Mr. Liscouski, effective as
of February 1, 2024, which provides that the Company will pay him a monthly fee of $12,500 for his service as a Director of the Company
(including as Chairman of the Board). Such monthly fee will be in lieu of the standard compensation we pay to our directors. Mr. Liscouski
served on the Board of Directors from February 2018 to December 2024.

44

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year
End

The following table sets forth information regarding
equity awards held by our named executive officers as of December 31, 2024:

Option Awards

Stock Awards

Name

Number of
 securities
 underlying
 unexercised
 options
 (#)
 exercisable

Number of
 securities
 underlying
 unexercised
 options
 (#)
 unexercisable

Option
 exercise
 price
 ($)

Option
 expiration
 date

Number of
 shares or
 units of
 stock that
 have not
 vested
 (#)

Market
 value of
 shares or
 units of
 stock that
 have not
 vested
 ($)

William J. McGann
(1)

535,000

0

2.40

January 24, 2027

0

0

William J. McGann

1,000,000

0

2.37

October 17, 2027

Chris Boehmler
(2)

60,834

30,416

2.56

March 28, 2027

129,850

2,149,018

Chris Boehmler

5,834

2,916

2.37

October 12, 2027

Chris Boehmler

200,000

100,000

1.18

December 27, 2028

Chris Boehmler

53,241

71,759

0.46

October 4, 2029

-

-

Robert Liscouski
(3)

75,000

0

1.00

May 22 2025

0

0

Robert Liscouski

250,000

0

6.85

April 26, 2026

Robert Liscouski

250,000

0

2.40

January 24, 2027

Robert Liscouski

1,500,000

0

2.37

October 17, 2027

Robert Liscouski

150,000

0

2.61

October 17, 2027

Robert Liscouski

150,000

0

1.44

December 27, 2028

(1)
Dr. McGann’s
stock options expiring January 24, 2027 vested as follows: (i) 178,333 options vested on January 24, 2022; (ii) 178,333
options vested on January 24, 2023; and (iii) 178,334 options vested on January 24, 2024. Dr. McGann’s stock
options expiring on October 17, 2027 vested as follows: (i) 750,000 options vested on October 17, 2022; and (ii) 250,000
options vested on December 31, 2022.

(2)
Mr. Boehmler’s
stock options expiring March 28, 2027 and October 12, 2027 vest as follows: (i) 33,334 options vested on March 28,
2023; (ii) 33,334 options vested on March 28, 2024; and (iii) 33,332 options vest on March 28, 2025. Mr. Boehmler’s
stock options expiring on December 27, 2028 vest as follows: (i) 100,000 options vested on July 1, 2023; (ii) 100,000
options vested on July 1, 2024; and (iii) 100,000 options vest on July 1, 2025. Mr. Boehmler’s stock options
expiring October 4, 2029 vest as follows: (i) 48,611 vested as of October 4, 2024; and (ii) the remainder vest in equal monthly
increments of 2,315 shares through July 1, 2027, with the final month vesting 2,309 shares. Mr. Boehmler’s 129,850 shares
of stock vest on December 31, 2025.

(3)
25,000 of Mr. Liscouski’s stock options expiring May 22,
2025 vested on each of April 8, 2021; April 8, 2022; and April 8, 2023. Mr. Liscouski’s stock options expiring
April 26, 2026 vested on April 26, 2021. Mr. Liscouski’s stock options expiring January 27, 2022 vested as follows:
(i) 83,333 options vested on July 15, 2022; (ii) 83,333 options vested on July 15, 2023; and (iii) 83,334 options
vested on March 15, 2024, pursuant to this separation agreement. Mr. Liscouski’s stock options expiring October 17,
2027 with an exercise price of $2.37 vested as follows: (i) 1,000,000 options vested on October 17, 2022; and (ii) 500,000
options vested on December 31, 2022. Mr. Liscouski’s stock options expiring October 17, 2027 with an exercise price of
$2.61 vested as follows: (i) 63,890 options vested on October 17, 2022; and (ii) 47,226 vested in equal monthly increments
of 2,778 shares through February 26, 2024, with the remaining 38,884 options vested March 15, 2024. Mr. Liscouski’s stock options
expiring December 27, 2028 vested as follows: (i) 72,224 vested as of December 31, 2023; and (ii) 5,556 vested in
equal monthly increments of 2,778 shares through February 26, 2024, with the remaining 72,220 options vested March 15, 2024. Pursuant
to Mr. Liscouski’s Separation Agreement all unvested options at the time of Mr. Liscouski’s Separation Agreement vested
effective March 15, 2024.

45

Action to Recover Erroneously Awarded Compensation

Subsequent to the issuance of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 2023, and our subsequent retention of BPM LLP to replace BF Borgers CPA PC as our independent registered public
accounting firm, management became aware of various adjustments to be recorded to our consolidated financial statements. On September
11, 2024, we filed Amendment 1 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, restating our financial statements
for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 to correct errors primarily related to purchase accounting for the QPhoton Merger, stock-based
compensation, and financing costs. We also amended our financial statements for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, in line with
the restatement of our audited consolidated financial statements. These corrections impacted net loss, goodwill, intangible assets, liabilities,
and stockholders’ equity.

As the Company does not award incentive-based
compensation that would have been subject to recovery based on financial metrics, no recovery was required or sought from any of our executive
officers under the Company’s Compensation Recovery Policy.

Director Compensation

During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company’s non-employee
directors each received compensation of $9,000 per quarter for their services as directors, plus an additional $4,000 per quarter if they
also served as a committee Chair. Amounts are prorated to the amount of service per quarter.

Name

Fees Earned or
 Paid in Cash
 ($)

Stock 
 Awards 
 ($)

Stock 
 Options 
 ($)

Total
 ($)

Robert Liscouski 
(1)

129,032

0

0

129,032

Michael Turmelle

52,000

0

32,492

84,492

Carl Weimer

36,913

0

32,492

69,405

Robert Fagenson

52,000

0

32,492

84,492

Javad Shabani

27,320

12,376

27,433

67,129

(1)
Upon
Mr. Liscouski’s termination as CEO, the Board approved a separate compensation arrangement for his service as Chairman of $12,500
per month, effective February 1, 2024 through December 10, 2024.

In 2025, the Board approved an increase in the non-employee director
compensation to a base annual stipend of $60,000, with an annual stipend of $12,000 each to the Vice Chairman and the Chair of the Audit
Committee, and annual stipends of $6,000 each to the Chairs of the Risk, Compensation, and Nominating and Governance committees, all cash
stipends to be paid in equal quarterly installments.

Policies And Practices Related to the Grant
of Certain Equity Awards Close in Time to the Release of Material Nonpublic Information

We do not grant equity awards in anticipation
of the release of material nonpublic information, and we do not time the release of material nonpublic information based on equity award
grant dates or for the purpose of affecting the value of executive compensation.

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS.

The following table sets forth certain information
as of March 18, 2025 concerning the beneficial ownership of common stock for: (i) each of our directors, (ii) each named executive officer
as included in the Summary Compensation Table under “Executive Compensation” above, (iii) all executive officers and directors
as a group, and (iv) each person (including any “group” as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) known
by us to be the beneficial owner of 5% or more of our common stock. The address for each of the persons below who are beneficial owners
of 5% or more of our common stock is our corporate address at 5 Marine View Plaza, Suite 214, Hoboken, NJ 07030. 

Beneficial ownership has been determined in accordance
with the rules of the SEC and is calculated based on 137,244,545 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding as of March 18, 2025.
Shares of common stock subject to options, warrants, preferred stock or other securities convertible into common stock that are currently
exercisable or convertible, or exercisable or convertible within 60 days of March 18, 2024, are deemed outstanding for computing the percentage
of the person holding the option, warrant, preferred stock, or convertible security but are not deemed outstanding for computing the percentage
of any other person. Under the SEC rules, a person is deemed to be a “beneficial owner” of a security if that person has or
shares “voting power,” which includes the power to vote or to direct the voting of such security, or “investment power,”
which includes the power to dispose of or to direct the disposition of such security. A person is also deemed to be a beneficial owner
of any securities of which that person has the right to acquire beneficial ownership within 60 days through the exercise of any stock
option, warrant or other right. Under these rules, more than one person may be deemed a beneficial owner of the same securities and a
person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of securities as to which such person has no economic interest. Unless otherwise indicated,
each of the stockholders named in the table below, or his or her family members, has sole voting and investment power with respect to
such shares of our common stock.

46

Except as indicated by the footnotes below, we
believe, based on the information furnished to us, that the persons and entities named in the table below have sole voting and investment
power with respect to all shares of common stock that they beneficially own.

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner

Common Stock
 Owned
 Beneficially

Percent of
 Class

Named Executive Officers and Directors

Dr. William McGann, Chief Executive Officer
(1)

1,722,930

1.2
%

Chris Boehmler, Chief Financial Officer
(2)

727,876

0.5

Dr. Yuping Huang
(3)

24,251,256

17.2

Robert Fagenson
(4)

775,000

0.6

Michael Turmelle
(5)

575,000

0.4

Dr. Carl Weimer
(6)

225,000

0.2

Dr. Javad Shabani
(7)

120,219

0.1

All directors and officers as a group (8 persons)

28,397,281

20.1

Other 5% shareholders

0

0

Total

28,158,959

20.00
%

(1)
Consists
of 162,100 shares of common stock owned currently and 1,560,830 shares of common stock underlying vested options to purchase shares of
common stock.

(2)
Consists
of 320,010 shares of common stock owned currently and 407,866 shares of common stock underlying vested options to purchase shares of
common stock

(3)
Consists
of 23,936,906 shares of common stock owned currently and 314,350 shares of common stock underlying vested options to purchase shares
of common stock. This does not include any shares that could be purchased upon exercise of unvested warrants received as consideration
in the QPhoton Merger that may vest upon the exercise of outstanding options and other warrants held by officers, employees, directors
and investors.

(4)

Consists of 100,000 shares of common stock owned currently and 675,000 shares of common stock underlying vested options to purchase shares of common stock.

(5)
Consists
of 575,000 shares of common stock underlying vested options to purchase shares of common stock.

(6)
Consists
of 225,000 shares of common stock underlying vested options to purchase shares of common stock.

(7)
Consists
of 12,500 shares of common stock owned currently and 107,719 shares of common stock underlying vested options to purchase shares of common
stock.

Changes in Control

We are not aware of any arrangements that may
result in “changes in control” as that term is defined by the provisions of Item 403(c) of Regulation S-K.

Equity Compensation Plan Information

On July 5, 2022, the Board adopted the Quantum
Computing Inc. 2022 Equity and Incentive Plan (the “2022 Plan”), which includes provisions for annual automatic evergreen
increases of 1,000,000 shares of common stock. The total number of shares of our common stock reserved for issuance under the 2022 Plan,
as of March 18, 2025, is 19.0 million. The principal purpose of the 2022 Plan is to provide an incentive to designated employees, certain
consultants and advisors who perform services for us and non-employee directors to contribute to our growth by continuing to align the
interests of participants with the interests of our stockholders. The 2022 Plan was approved by a majority of the shareholders in September
2022.

47

The table below sets forth certain information
as of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 regarding the shares of our common stock available for grant or granted under our equity
compensation plan.

Plan Category

Number of 
 securities to 
 be issued
 upon
 exercise of 
 outstanding
 options (2)

Weighted-
 average 
 exercise
 price of 
 outstanding
 options

Number of 
 securities
 available for
 future 
 issuance 
 under equity 
 compensation 
 plans

Equity compensation plan approved by security holders – 2022 Quantum Computing Inc. Equity Incentive Plan, as amended

10,454,781

$
1.78

2,348,425

Equity compensation plan approved by security holders – 2019 Quantum Computing Inc. Equity Incentive Plan, as amended

1,760,500

$
3.90

0

Equity compensation not approved by shareholders (1)

767,500

$
6.28

0

(1)
The
total number of stock options issued and outstanding as of March 18, 2025 is 13,555,511.

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

There have been no transactions involving the
Company since January 1, 2024, or any currently proposed transactions, in which the Company was or is to be a participant and the amount
involved exceeds $120,000, and in which any of our directors, executive officers or beneficial holders of more than 5% of our common stock,
or any immediate family member of, or person sharing a household with, any of these individuals, had or will have a direct or indirect
material interest, other than compensation arrangements that are described under the section captioned “Executive Compensation.”

Please see “Board Composition and Director
Independence” under “Item 10, Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance” for a discussion of our independent
directors.

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES.

BPM LLP served as our independent registered public
accountants for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023.

Audit Fees

The Company originally retained BF Borgers CPA PC (“BF Borgers”)
as its independent registered public accounting firm for the Company’s fiscal years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, then following
an order by the SEC on May 3, 2024 suspending BF Borgers from appearing and practicing as an accountant before the SEC, the Company subsequently
retained BPM LLP as its independent registered public accounting firm to replace BF Borgers.

For such professional services rendered by BPM LLP for the audit of
our restated consolidated financial statements, we incurred approximately $332 thousand and $337 thousand, respectively, for the Company’s
fiscal years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023.

For such professional services rendered by BF
Borgers for its original audit of our consolidated financial statements, we were billed approximately $110 thousand and $132 thousand,
respectively, for the Company’s fiscal years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023.

For the Company’s fiscal years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023,
we were billed in fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 approximately $27 thousand for professional services rendered by BF Borgers and
$105 thousand by BPM LLP, respectively, related to the Company’s Registration Statements on Form S-3 and Form S-1 and amendments
thereto filed with the SEC in those years.

Tax Fees

We were billed approximately $33 thousand by BPM
LLP for the Company’s fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 and $9 thousand by BF Borgers for the Company’s fiscal year ended
December 31, 2023 for professional services rendered for tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning.

Pre-Approval Policies

All of the above services and fees were reviewed and approved by the
Audit Committee. No services were performed before or without approval. 

48

PART IV

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES.

Exhibit

Reference

Filed or Furnished

Number

Exhibit Description

Form

Exhibit

Filing Date

Herewith

2.1

Agreement and Plan of Merger by and among Quantum Computing Inc., Project Alpha Merger Sub I, Inc., Project Alpha Merger Sub II, LLC, QPhoton, Inc., and Yuping Huang, dated as of May 18, 2022

8-K

10.1

05/23/2022

3.1(i)

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation

10-K/A

3.1(i)

07/10/2023

3.1(ii)

Certificate of Designations of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock

8-K

3.1

11/17/2021

3.1(iii)

Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Designations of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock of Quantum Computing Inc., filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on December 16, 2021

8-K

3.1

12/17/2021

3.1(iv)

Certificate of Designation with respect to the Series B Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001 per share, dated June 14, 2022

8-K

3.1

06/21/2022

3.2

Amended and Restated By-laws

10-K/A

3.2

07/10/2023

4.1

Common Stock Specimen

10-12(g)

4.1

01/09/2019

4.2

Description of Securities

10-K

4.4

04/01/2024

4.3

Form of Placement Agent Warrant

8-K

4.1

12/12/2024

4.4

Form of Placement Agent Warrant

8-K

4.1

01/08/2025

4.5

Form of Placement Agent Warrant

X

4.6

Unsecured Promissory Note issued by QPhoton, Inc. to Quantum Computing, Inc., in the amount of $1,250,000, dated February 18, 2022

8-K

10.2

02/23/2022

10.1*

2019 Quantum Computing Inc. Equity and Incentive Plan

S-1

10.8

11/22/2019

10.2*

Form Director Agreement

8-K

10.1

02/23/2021

10.3*

Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of April 26, 2021, by and between Quantum Computing Inc. and Robert Liscouski 

8-K

10.1

04/30/2021

10.4*

Employment Agreement between Christopher Roberts and Quantum Computing, Inc., dated as of April 26, 2021

8-K

10.2

04/30/2021

10.5*

Employment Agreement between by and between Quantum Computing Inc. and William McGann, dated as of January 3, 2022

8-K

10.2

01/03/2022

49

10.6

Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 18, 2022, between Quantum Computing Inc. and QPhoton, Inc.

8-K

10.1

02/23/2022

10.7

Escrow Agreement, dated as of June 16, 2022, by and among Quantum Computing Inc., Yuping Huang and Worldwide Stock Transfer, LLC 

8-K

10.2

06/21/2022

10.8

Stockholders Agreement by and among Quantum Computing, Inc. and each of the Stockholders set forth on Exhibit A thereto, dated as of June 16, 2022

8-K

10.3

06/21/2022

10.9

Form
    Registration Rights Agreement

8-K

10.4

06/21/2022

10.10*

Employment
Agreement, dated as of June 15, 2022, by and between Quantum Computing Inc. and Yuping Huang

8-K

10.5

06/21/2022

10.11

ATM
Agreement, dated as of December 5, 2022, between Quantum Computing Inc. and Ascendiant Capital Markets, LLC

8-K

1.1

12/06/2022

10.12*

Director
    Agreement between Quantum Computing Inc. and Dr. Carl Weimer, dated January 6, 2023

8-K

10.1

01/09/2023

10.13

Employment
Agreement between Quantum Computing Inc. and Christopher Boehmler, dated as of June 26, 2023

8-K

10.1

06/26/2023

10.14*

Quantum Computing Inc. 2022 Equity and Incentive Plan

10-K/A

10.42

07/10/2023

10.15

First
Amendment to ATM Agreement, dated as of August 17, 2023, between Quantum Computing Inc. and Ascendiant Capital Markets, LLC

8-K

1.1

08/21/2023

10.16

Series A Preferred Redemption and Waiver Agreement, dated as of March 19, 2024

8-K

10.1

03/25/2024

10.17

Separation Agreement, dated as of March 15, 2024, by and between Quantum Computing, Inc. and Robert Liscouski

10-K

10.26

04/01/2024

10.18*

Director
    Agreement, dated as of March 8, 2024, by and between Quantum Computing, Inc. and Robert Liscouski

10-K

10.27

04/01/2024

10.19

Director Agreement between Quantum Computing Inc. and Dr. Javad Shabani, dated April 19, 2024

8-K

10.1

04/25/2024

10.20

Modification 2 to Consulting Services Agreement, dated as of June 18, 2024, by and between Quantum Computing, Inc. and Christopher Roberts

X

10.21

Secured Promissory Note issued to Streeterville Capital, LLC, dated August 6, 2024

8-K

4.1

08/12/2024

10.22

Securities Purchase Agreement between Quantum Computing Inc. and Streeterville Capital, LLC, dated August 6, 2024

8-K

10.1

08/12/2024

10.23

Security Agreement between Quantum Computing Inc. and Streeterville Capital, LLC, dated August 6, 2024

8-K

10.2

08/12/2024

10.24

IP Security Agreement between Quantum Computing Inc. and Streeterville Capital, LLC, dated August 6, 2024

8-K

10.3

08/12/2024

10.25

Guaranty by QPhoton, LLC, Qubittech International, Inc., Qubittech, Inc., and QI Solutions, Inc., dated August 6, 2024

8-K

10.4

08/12/2024

10.26

Form
    of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 14, 2024, between Quantum Computing Inc. and each Purchaser (as defined therein)

8-K

10.1

11/15/2024

50

10.27

Placement Agency Agreement, dated November 14, 2024, between Quantum Computing Inc. and Titan Partners Group LLC, a division of American Capital Partners, LLC

8-K

10.2

11/15/2024

10.28

Form of Lock-Up Agreement dated November 14, 2024

8-K

10.3

11/15/2024

10.29

Amendment to Employment Agreement by and between Quantum Computing Inc. and Yuping Huang, dated as of September 1, 2024

10-Q

10.5

11/06/2024

10.30

Modification 3 to Consulting Services Agreement, dated as of December 20, 2024, by and between Quantum Computing, Inc. and Christopher Roberts

X

10.31

Form
    of Registered Offering Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 10, 2024, between Quantum Computing Inc. and each Purchaser (as defined
    therein)

8-K

10.1

12/12/2024

10.32

Form of Placement Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 10, 2024, between Quantum Computing Inc. and each Purchaser (as defined therein)

8-K

10.2

12/12/2024

10.33

Placement Agency Agreement, dated December 10, 2024, between Quantum Computing Inc. and Titan Partners Group LLC, a division of American Capital Partners, LLC

8-K

10.3

12/12/2024

10.34

Form of Lock-Up Agreement dated December 12, 2024

8-K

10.4

12/12/2024

10.35

Second Amendment to Employment Agreement between Quantum Computing Inc. and William J. McGann, dated as of December 30, 2024

8-K

10.1

12/31/2024

10.36

Form
    of Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 7, 2025, between Quantum Computing Inc. and each Purchaser (as defined therein)

8-K

10.1

01/08/2025

10.37

Placement Agency Agreement, dated January 7, 2025, between Quantum Computing Inc. and Titan Partners Group LLC, a division of American Capital Partners, LLC

8-K

10.2

01/08/2025

10.38

Form of Lock-Up Agreement dated January 7, 2025

8-K

10.3

01/08/2025

10.39

First Amendment to Employment Agreement between Quantum Computing Inc. and William J. McGann, dated as of February 1, 2024

S-1

10.7

01/22/2025

14.1

Quantum Computing Inc. Code of Ethics

8-K

14.1

09/25/2024

19.1

Quantum Computing Inc. Insider Trading Policy

X

21.1

List of Subsidiaries

X

23.1

Consent of BPM LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

X

31.1

Principal Executive Officer Certification Pursuant to Item 601(b)(31) of Regulation S-K, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

X

31.2

Principal Financial Officer Certification Pursuant to Item 601(b)(31) of Regulation S-K, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

X

32.1

Principal Executive Officer Certification Pursuant to Item 601(b)(32) of Regulation S-K, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

X

32.2

Principal Financial Officer Certification Pursuant to Item 601(b)(32) of Regulation S-K, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

X

97.1

Policy relating to recovery of erroneously awarded compensation.

10-K

97.1

04/01/2024

101.INS

Inline XBRL Instance Document. 

X

101.SCH

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Linkbase Document. 

X

101.CAL

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

X

101.DEF

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

X

101.LAB

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

X

101.PRE

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

X

104

Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained
in Exhibit 101).

X

*
Indicates
a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.

51

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized.

Date: March 20, 2025

Quantum Computing Inc.

By:

/s/ Dr. William McGann

Dr. Willan McGann

Chief Executive Officer

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacity and on
the dates indicated.

Name

Capacity

Date

/s/ Yuping Huang

Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Quantum Officer

March 20, 2025

Yuping Huang

/s/ Dr. William McGann

Chief Executive Officer

March 20, 2025

Dr. Willan McGann

(Principal Executive Officer)

/s/ Christopher Boehmler

Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer

March 20, 2025

Christopher Boehmler

(Principal Financial Officer and

Principal Accounting Officer)

/s/ Michael Turmelle

Director

March 20, 2025

Michael Turmelle

/s/ Robert Fagenson

Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors

March 20, 2025

Robert Fagenson

/s/ Dr. Carl Weimer

Director

March 20, 2025

Dr. Carl Weimer

/s/ Dr. Javad Shabani

Director

March 20, 2025

Dr. Javad Shabani

52

QUANTUM COMPUTING INC.

Index to the Consolidated
Financial Statements

Description

Page

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID:
207
)

F-2

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023

F-3

Consolidated Statement of Operations for the Year Ended December 31, 2024 and 2023

F-4

Consolidated Statement of Stockholders’ Equity for the Year Ended December 31, 2024 and 2023

F-5

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the Year Ended December 31, 2024 and 2023

F-6

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

F-7

F-
1

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of

Quantum Computing Inc.

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Quantum Computing Inc. (a Delaware Corporation) and its subsidiaries (collectively, the “Company”) as of
December 31, 2024 and 2023, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, mezzanine and stockholders’
equity, and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2024, and the related notes (collectively referred to
as the “consolidated financial statements”). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all
material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash
flows for the each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2024, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America.

Basis for Opinion

These consolidated financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s consolidated financial
statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) (“PCAOB”) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s
internal control over financing reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Critical Audit Matter

The critical audit matter communicated below is
a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the
audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially
challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on
the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a
separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.

Valuation of Warrant Liabilities

As described in Notes 1 and Note 10, on June 16,
2022, the Company merged with QPhoton, Inc., which was accounted for as a business combination using the acquisition method of accounting.
In conjunction with the merger, the Company issued warrants that become exercisable when and if stock options and warrants outstanding
as of the time of the merger are exercised. The Company is accounting for these warrants as a derivative liability and is valued at $40.5
million as of December 31, 2024 and resulted in a mark-to-market loss of $40.5 million in the year ended December 31, 2024.

The principal considerations for our determination
that performing procedures relating to the valuation of the derivative liability is a critical audit matter  due to the significant
amount of judgment by management required in estimating the fair value of the warrants, including the use of valuation methodologies that
were sensitive to significant assumptions, specifically the probability of the underlying options and warrants being exercised, which
is affected by expected future market or economic conditions, which in turn led to significant auditor judgment, subjectivity and effort
in performing audit procedures and evaluating audit evidence relating to the analysis..

Addressing the matter involved performing procedures
and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures
included, among others, assessing the appropriateness of the valuation methodologies and testing the significant assumptions discussed
above, specifically the probability of the underlying options and warrants being exercise, and other factors considered by management
in developing the model.

/s/ 
BPM LLP

We have served as the Company’s auditor
since 2024.

San Jose, California

March 20, 2025

F-
2

QUANTUM COMPUTING INC.

Consolidated Balance Sheets

(In thousands, except par value)

December 31,

December 31,

2024

2023

Assets

Current assets:

Cash and cash equivalents

$
78,945

$
2,059

Accounts receivable, net

27

65

Inventory

18

73

Loans receivable, net

-

279

Prepaid expenses and other current assets

161

180

Total current assets

79,151

2,656

Property and equipment, net

8,212

2,870

Operating lease right-of-use assets

1,522

1,051

Intangible assets, net

8,972

12,076

Goodwill

55,573

55,573

Other non-current assets

129

129

Total assets

$
153,559

$
74,355

Liabilities and Stockholders’ Equity

Current liabilities:

Accounts payable

$
1,372

$
1,462

Accrued expenses

2,134

639

Financial liabilities, net of issuance costs

-

1,925

Deferred revenue

79

-

Other current liabilities

974

786

Total current liabilities

4,559

4,812

Derivative liability

40,532

-

Operating lease liabilities

1,181

840

Total liabilities

46,272

5,652

Contingencies (see Note 8)

Stockholders’ equity:

Preferred stock, $
0.0001
 par value, 
1,550
 shares Series A Preferred authorized; 
no
 shares and 
1,490
 thousand shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively; 
3,080
 thousand shares of Series B Preferred Stock authorized; 
no
 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2024 and 2023

-

-

Common stock, $
0.0001
 par value, 
250,000
 thousand shares authorized; 
129,012
 thousand and 
77,451
 thousand shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively

13

8

Additional paid-in capital

307,756

200,635

Accumulated deficit

(
200,482
)

(
131,940
)

Total stockholders’ equity

107,287

68,703

Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity

$
153,559

$
74,355

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements.

F-
3

QUANTUM COMPUTING INC.

Consolidated Statements of Operations

(In thousands, except per share data)

Year Ended

December 31,

2024

2023

Total revenue

$
373

$
358

Cost of revenue

261

196

Gross profit

112

162

Operating expenses

Research and development

11,318

8,891

Sales and marketing

1,818

1,806

General and administrative

12,913

15,708

Total operating expenses

26,049

26,405

Loss from operations

(
25,937
)

(
26,243
)

Non-operating income (expense)

Interest and other income

423

295

Interest expense, net

(
2,496
)

(
1,602
)

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities

(
40,532
)

528

Loss before income tax provision

(
68,542
)

(
27,022
)

Income tax provision

-

-

Net loss

(
68,542
)

(
27,022
)

Less: Series A convertible preferred stock dividends

-

861

Net loss attributable to common stockholders

$
(
68,542
)

$
(
27,883
)

Loss per share – basic and diluted

$
(
0.73
)

$
(
0.42
)

Weighted average shares used in computing net loss per common share – basic and dilutive

93,881

66,611

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements.

F-
4

QUANTUM COMPUTING INC.

Consolidated Statements of Mezzanine and Stockholders’
Equity

(In thousands, except par value)

Mezzanine

Series A
 Preferred 
 Stock

Common Stock

Additional Paid-in

Accumulated

Total Stockholders’

Equity

Shares

Amount

Shares

Amount

Capital

Deficit

Equity

Balances, January 1, 2023

$
    -

1,500

$
           -

55,963

$
6

$
169,175

$
(
104,057
)

$
65,124

Issuance of shares for cash

-

-

17,572

2

24,728

-

24,730

Conversion of preferred stock

-

(
10
)

-

11

-

1

-

1

Preferred stock dividends

-

-

-

-

-

-

(
861
)

(
861
)

Stock-based compensation

-

-

-

2,330

-

4,238

-

4,238

Stock-based compensation for services

-

-

-

1,575

-

2,493

-

2,493

Net loss

-

-

-

-

-

-

(
27,022
)

(
27,022
)

Balances, December 31, 2023

-

1,490

-

77,451

8

200,635

(
131,940
)

68,703

Issuance of shares for cash

-

-

-

49,679

5

106,761

-

106,766

Conversion of Series A preferred stock to common stock

(
4,097
)

(
745
)

-

745

-

4,097

-

4,097

Reclassification of Series A preferred stock to mezzanine equity

8,195

-

-

-

-

(
8,195
)

-

(
8,195
)

Repurchase of redeemable shares

(
4,098
)

(
745
)

-

-

-

-

-

-

Stock-based compensation

-

-

-

995

-

4,322

-

4,322

Stock-based compensation for services

-

-

-

142

-

136

-

136

Net loss

-

-

-

-

-

-

(
68,542
)

(
68,542
)

Balances, December 31, 2024

$
-

-

$
-

129,012

$
13

$
307,756

$
(
200,482
)

$
107,287

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements.

F-
5

QUANTUM COMPUTING INC.

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

(In thousands)

Year Ended

December 31,

2024

2023

Cash flows from operating activities:

Net loss

$
(
68,542
)

$
(
27,022
)

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operations

Depreciation and intangibles amortization

3,798

3,307

Amortization of issuance costs

2,059

925

Change in fair value of warrant liability

40,532

(
528
)

Change in value of derivative

(
666
)

-

Provision for credit losses

279

279

Other recognized losses (gains)

4

5

Stock-based compensation expense

5,782

4,271

Stock-based compensation expense for services

23

284

Changes in operating assets and liabilities

Accounts receivable

38

(
52
)

Inventories

55

(
70
)

Prepaid expenses and other current assets

16

(
110
)

Other non-current assets

-

(
69
)

Accounts payable

(
90
)

596

Deferred revenue

79

-

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities

550

110

Other long-term liabilities

(
130
)

(
241
)

Net cash used in operating activities

(
16,213
)

(
18,315
)

Cash flows from investing activities:

Purchase of property and equipment

(
6,036
)

(
2,112
)

Issuance of loan receivable

-

(
500
)

Net cash used in investing activities

(
6,036
)

(
2,612
)

Cash flows from financing activities:

Proceeds raised from financial liabilities, net of issuance costs

6,995

-

Payments of financial liabilities

(
10,313
)

(
6,187
)

Series A Preferred stock dividend payments

(
215
)

(
865
)

Repurchase of Series A preferred stock

(
4,098
)

-

Proceeds from issuance of common stock

106,766

24,730

Net cash provided by financing activities

99,135

17,678

Net increase (decrease) in cash

76,886

(
3,249
)

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period

2,059

5,308

Cash and cash equivalents, end of period

$
78,945

$
2,059

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information:

Cash paid for interest

$
268

$
813

Non-cash investing and financing activities:

Reclassification of Series A preferred stock to mezzanine equity

$
8,195

$
-

Valuation of derivative associated with convertible financial liability

$
666

$
-

Conversion of Series A preferred to common stock

$
4,097

$
-

Operating lease right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities

$
765

$
-

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements.

F-
6

QUANTUM COMPUTING INC.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

December 31, 2024

Note 1 – Nature of the Organization and
Business

Corporate History

Quantum Computing Inc. (“QCi” or the
“Company”) was formed in the State of Nevada on July 25, 2001, under its original name, Ticketcart, Inc., which was changed
to Innovative Beverage Group Holdings, Inc. in 2009. The Company redomiciled to Delaware on February 22, 2018 and changed its name to
Quantum Computing Inc. Effective 
July 20, 2018
, the trading symbol for the Company’s common stock, par value $
0.0001
, on the OTC
Market changed from “IBGH” to “QUBT”. On July 15, 2021 the Company uplisted to The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC. On
June 16, 2022, the Company merged with QPhoton, Inc. (“QPhoton”), a developer of quantum photonic systems and related technologies
and applications. The QPhoton Merger enabled us to develop hardware applications integrated with the Company’s software platform,
Qatalyst, that existed before the QPhoton Merger.

Nature of Business

QCi is an American company utilizing integrated
photonics and non-linear quantum optics to develop and deliver machines for quantum computing, reservoir computing, and remote sensing,
imaging and cybersecurity applications based on patented and proprietary photonics technology. QCi’s products are designed to operate
at room temperature and at very low power levels compared to other quantum systems currently available in the market, such as superconducting,
ion-trap, or annealing architectures. Our core photonics technology enables the execution of a go-to-market strategy which emphasizes
scalability, accessibility and affordability. Our quantum machines, supported by professional services through our “Quantum Solutions”
offering, enable subject matter experts (SMEs) and end users to deliver critical business solutions involving highly complex optimization
problems.

The leading application of our quantum offerings
today is our Entropy Quantum Computing. Our longer-term product development plan is to migrate the EQC’s current design, as well
as other product designs based on discrete components, to a set of optical integrated circuits (TFLN Optical Chips) built on TFLN wafers.

Liquidity

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the continuity of operations, the realization of assets, and the satisfaction
of liabilities in the normal course of business. We have not achieved a level of sales adequate to support the Company’s cost structure.
The Company has historically incurred losses and negative cash flows from operations. During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company
issued 
49,679
 shares of common stock for net proceeds of $
106.8
 million. Cash and cash equivalents on hand were $
78.9
 million as of December
31, 2024. As of December 31, 2024, the Company also had an accumulated deficit of $
200.5
 million and working capital of $
74.6
 million.
In January 2025, the Company issued 
8,163,266
 shares of common stock for net proceeds of $
93.3
 million. As a result, the Company has adequate
cash and cash equivalents on hand to meet its obligations over the next 12 months.

Note 2 – Significant Accounting Policies:

Basis of Presentation and Principles of Consolidation:

The Company prepares its consolidated financial
statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“U.S. GAAP”) as determined
by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the “FASB”), including ASC 810, 
Consolidation
. The accompanying consolidated
financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries. All intercompany balances and transactions
have been eliminated in consolidation. The Company’s fiscal year end is December 31.

F-
7

Risk and Uncertainties

The Company is subject to certain risks and uncertainties
and believes changes in any of the following areas could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s future consolidated financial
position or consolidated results of operations or cash flows: new product development, including market receptivity; litigation or claims
against the Company based on intellectual property, patent, product regulation or other factors; competition from other products; general
economic conditions; the ability to attract and retain qualified employees; and, ultimately, to sustain profitable operations.

Reclassifications

Certain reclassifications have been made to the
fiscal year 2023 consolidated financial statements to conform ot the fiscal year 2024 presentation. The reclassifications had no impact
on net loss, total assets, total liabilities, or stockholders’ equity.

Use of Estimates

These consolidated financial statements have been
prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP, which requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of
assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during
the reporting period. Some of the more significant estimates required to be made by management include the valuation of goodwill and intangible
assets, deferred tax assets, equity-based transactions and liquidity assessment. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

Segments

Our Chief Operating Decision Maker (“CODM”),
the Chief Executive Officer, manages the Company’s business activities as a single operating and reportable segment at the consolidated
level. Accordingly, our CODM uses consolidated net loss to measure segment profit or loss, allocate resources and assess performance.
Further, the CODM reviews and utilizes natural expenses, such as employee wages and benefits at a consolidated level, to manage the Company’s
operations and strategic growth initiatives. Other segment items include interest income, interest expense, deferred offering costs, changes
in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities and other operational expenses which are reflected in the consolidated statements of operations.

Cash and Cash Equivalents

Highly liquid investments with a maturity of three
months or less when purchased are considered to be cash equivalents. The Company maintains its cash in mutual funds and deposit and money
market accounts with high quality financial institutions which, at times, may exceed federally insured limits. As of December 31, 2024
and December 31, 2023, the Company had $
78.9
 million and $
960
 thousand, respectively, in cash equivalents invested in mutual funds. The
Company has not experienced any losses on these deposits and believes it is not exposed to significant credit risk on cash. 

Revenue 

The Company recognizes revenue in accordance with
ASC 606 – 
Revenue from Contracts with Customers
, by analyzing contracts with its customers using a five-step approach:

1.

Identify the contract;

2.

Identify the performance obligations;

3.

Determine the transaction price;

4.

Allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations; and

5.

Recognize revenue when performance obligations are satisfied.

F-
8

The revenue the Company has recognized in the
years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 were primarily derived from contracts to perform professional services. Revenue from time and materials-based
contracts is recognized as the direct hours worked during the period times the contractual hourly rate, plus direct materials and other
direct costs as appropriate, plus negotiated materials handling burdens, if any. Revenue from units-based contracts is recognized as the
number of units delivered or performed during the period times the contractual unit price. Revenue from fixed price contracts is recognized
as work is performed with estimated profits recorded on a percentage of completion basis. The Company has no cost-plus type contracts
at this time.

The Company includes depreciation and amortization
expenses in manufacturing overhead, which is a component of cost of revenue. However, at the present time manufacturing overhead, including
depreciation and amortization expense related to production equipment, is not material and the primary components of cost of revenue are
direct labor and direct materials, with a small amount of shipping expenses.

The Company’s revenues consist of (in thousands):

Year Ended December 31,

2024

2023

% Change

Services

$
346

$
353

(
2
)%

Products

27

5

440
%

Total

$
373

$
358

4
%

The Company disaggregates revenue from contracts
with customers based on the timing of transfer of goods or services to customers (point-in-time or over time) and geographic region based
on the shipping location of the customer. The geographic regions that are tracked for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2025 are the
Americas and Europe.

Total net sales based on the disaggregation criteria
described above are as follows (in thousands):

Year Ended December 31,

2024

2023

Point-in-Time

Over Time

Total

Point-in-Time

Over Time

Total

Americas

$
27

$
346

$
373

$

5

$
337

$
342

Europe

-

-

-

-

16

16

Total

$
27

$
346

$
373

$
5

$
353

$
358

Accounts Receivable

Accounts receivable consists of amounts due from
customers for work performed on contracts. The Company records accounts receivable at their net realizable value. Periodically, the Company
evaluates its accounts receivable to establish a provision for credit losses, when deemed necessary, based on the history of past write-offs,
collections and current credit conditions. The customer accounts receivable as of December 31, 2024 are considered not fully collectible
and thus the Company has recorded a provision for credit losses of $
3.5
 thousand; the customer accounts receivable as of December 31,
2023 were considered fully collectible.

F-
9

Provision for Credit Losses

The Company estimates losses on loans and other
financial instruments in accordance with Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) 2016-13, Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial
Instruments. ASU 2016-13 introduces the current expected credit losses (“CECL”) methodology for estimating allowances for
credit losses. The CECL framework requires the Company to measure all expected credit losses for financial assets held at the reporting
date based on historical experience, current conditions and reasonable and supporting forecasts. Under CECL, the allowance for credit
losses is measured as the difference between the financial asset’s cost basis and the net amount expected to be collected on the
financial asset. CECL allows us to use information about past events including historical loan loss experience, current conditions, and
reasonable and supportable forecasts to assess the collectability of the financial assets. The receivables for financial assets as of
December 31, 2024 and 2023 are not considered fully collectible and thus management has recorded a provision for credit losses. See Note
9, 
Loan Receivable
, for additional information.

Inventory

Inventory is stated at the lower of cost or net
realizable value. Cost is determined on a standard cost basis which approximates actual cost on a first in-first out method. Lower of
cost or net realizable value is evaluated by considering obsolescence, excessive levels of inventory, deterioration and other factors.
Adjustments to reduce the cost of inventory to its net realizable value, if required, are made for estimated excess, obsolescence or impaired
inventory and are charged to cost of revenue. Once the cost of the inventory is reduced, a new lower-cost basis for that inventory is
established, and subsequent changes in facts and circumstances do not result in the restoration or increase in that newly established
cost basis. Factors influencing these adjustments include changes in demand, product life cycle and development plans, component cost
trends, product pricing, physical deterioration and quality issues. Revisions to these adjustments would be required if these factors
differ from our estimates.

Operating Leases

The Company determines if an arrangement is a
lease at inception. Operating lease right-of-use (“ROU”) assets are included in right-of-use assets, net on the consolidated
balance sheets. The current and long-term components of operating lease liabilities are included in the current operating lease liabilities
and non-current operating lease liabilities, respectively, on the consolidated balance sheets.

Operating lease ROU assets and operating lease
liabilities are recognized based on the present value of the future minimum lease payments over the lease term. As most of the Company’s
leases do not provide an implicit rate, the Company uses an incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the commencement
date in determining the present value of future payments. Certain leases may include options to extend or terminate the lease. Lease expense
for minimum lease payments is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Leases with an initial term of 12 months or less
are not recorded on the consolidated balance sheet. All of our operating leases are comprised of office space leases, and as of December
31, 2024 and 2023, we had no finance leases.

Business Combinations and Valuation of Goodwill

We account for business combinations under the
acquisition method of accounting. This method requires the recording of acquired assets and assumed liabilities at their acquisition date
fair values. The excess of the purchase price over the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed is recorded as goodwill.
Results of operations related to business combinations are included prospectively beginning with the date of acquisition and transaction
costs related to business combinations are recorded withing general and administrative expenses.

The Company reviews goodwill for impairment on
an annual basis or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. The Company performs
an annual impairment test by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount. An impairment charge should be recognized
for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit’s fair value; however, the loss recognized should not exceed
the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. In addition, income tax effects from any tax-deductible goodwill carrying
amount of the reporting unit should be considered when measuring the goodwill impairment loss, if applicable. The Company has determined
that it has a single reporting unit for purposes of performing its goodwill impairment test. As the Company uses the market approach to
assess impairment, its common stock price is an important component of the fair value calculation. If the Company’s stock price
continues to experience significant price and volume fluctuations, this will impact the fair value of the reporting unit and can lead
to potential impairment in future periods. The Company performed its annual impairment test during the second quarter of fiscal 2024 and
2023 and determined that its goodwill was not impaired. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, we had not identified any factors that indicated
there was an impairment of our goodwill and determined that no additional impairment analysis was then required.

F-
10

Property and Equipment

Property and equipment are stated at cost or contributed
value. Depreciation of furniture, software and equipment is calculated using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives,
and leasehold improvements are amortized on a straight-line basis over the shorter of their estimated useful lives or the lease term.
The cost and related accumulated depreciation of equipment retired or sold are removed from the accounts and any differences between the
undepreciated amount and the proceeds from the sale are recorded as a gain or loss on sale of equipment. Maintenance and repairs are charged
against expense as incurred.

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets

The Company has long-lived assets such as tangible
property and equipment, identified intangible assets consisting of acquired patents and core technology. When events or changes in circumstances
occur that could indicate the carrying value of long-lived assets may not be recoverable, the Company assesses recoverability by determining
whether the undiscounted cash flows estimated to be generated by those assets are less than the carrying amounts of those assets. If the
undiscounted cash flow is less, an impairment charge is recognized for the excess of the carrying amounts of these assets over the fair
values. Fair values are determined by discounted future cash flows, appraisals or other methods.

During years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023,
the Company did not record any impairment from long-lived assets.

Fair Value of Financial Instruments

The carrying amount of certain financial instruments
held by the Company, such as cash equivalents, accounts receivable, contract assets and liabilities, accounts payable, and accrued and
other current liabilities, approximate fair value due to their short maturities. The carrying amount of the liabilities for the convertible
preferred stock warrants represent their fair value. The carrying amounts of the Company’s borrowings and lease liabilities approximate
fair value due to the market interest rates that these obligations bear and interest rates currently available to the Company.

Fair value is defined as the exchange price that
would be received for an asset or an exit price paid to transfer a liability in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset
or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. Valuation techniques used to measure fair
value must maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. The fair value hierarchy defines a three-level
valuation hierarchy for disclosure of fair value measurements as follows:

Level 1

Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;

Level 2

Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable, unadjusted quoted prices in markets that are not active, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the related assets or liabilities; and

Level 3

Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity for the related assets or liabilities.

The categorization of a financial instrument within
the valuation hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. As of December 31,
2024 and 2023, the Company had $
78.9
 million of the $
78.9
 million cash and cash equivalents and $
960
 thousand of the $
2.1
 million cash
and cash equivalents, respectively, in Level 1 assets, comprised of U.S. Government mutual funds, and $
40.5
 million and 
no
 carrying value,
respectively, for Level 3 liabilities, which are comprised of derivative and warrant liabilities. See Note 10, 
Capital Stock
, for
a full discussion of the warrant liability.

F-
11

Research and Development Cost
s

Research and development costs include costs directly
attributable to the conduct of research and development programs, including the cost of services provided by outside contractors, acquiring
work-in-progress intellectual property, development, and mandatory compliance fees and contractual obligations. All costs associated with
research and development are expensed as incurred.

Software Development Cost
s

Software development costs incurred subsequent
to the establishment of technological feasibility for software intended to be sold, licensed or otherwise marketed to customers will be
capitalized, but development costs not meeting the criteria for capitalization are expensed as incurred. With respect to internal use
software, the Company will capitalize such development costs incurred during the application development stage, but development costs
incurred prior to that stage will be expensed as incurred. No amortization expense will be recorded until the software is ready for its
intended use. To date, the Company has not incurred any material capitalizable software development costs.

Stock-based Compensation

Stock-based compensation expense for expected-to-vest
awards is valued under the single-option approach and amortized on a straight-line basis, accounting for actual forfeitures as they occur.
We utilize the Black Scholes pricing model in order to determine the fair value of stock-based option awards. The Black Scholes pricing
model requires various highly subjective assumptions including volatility, expected option life, and risk-free interest rate. The assumptions
used in calculating the fair value of share-based payment awards represent management’s best estimates. These estimates involve
inherent uncertainties and the application of management judgment. If factors change and different assumptions are used, our stock-based
compensation expense could be materially different in the future.

Income Taxes

The Company uses the asset and liability method
of accounting for income taxes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable
to differences between the carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and
liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences
are expected to be recovered or settled. Deferred tax expense or benefit is the result of changes in the deferred tax assets and liabilities.
Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets where, based upon the available evidence, management
concludes that it is more-likely-than-not that the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Realization of deferred tax assets is also
dependent upon future earnings, if any, the timing and amount of which are uncertain.

The Company records a liability for the uncertain
tax positions taken or expected to be taken on the Company’s tax return when it is more-likely-than-not that the tax position might
be challenged despite the Company’s belief that the tax return positions are fully supportable, and additional taxes will be due
as a result. To the extent that the assessment of such tax positions changes, for example, based on the outcome of a tax audit, the change
in estimate is recorded in the period in which the determination is made. The provision for income taxes includes the impact of provisions
for uncertain tax positions.

Net Loss Per Share

Basic net loss per common share is computed by
dividing net loss by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted net loss per common share is
computed by dividing net loss attributable to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding, plus the
number of additional common shares that would have been outstanding if the common share equivalents had been issued (computed using the
“If-Converted” method), unless the effect of such issuances would have been anti-dilutive.

F-
12

The following table sets forth the computation
of basic and diluted loss per share (in thousands, except for per share data):

Year Ended 
 December 31,

2024

2023

Numerator:

Net loss

$
(
68,542
)

$
(
27,022
)

Less: Series A convertible preferred stock dividends

-

861

Net loss attributable to common stockholders – basic and diluted

$
(
68,542
)

$
(
27,883
)

Denominator:

Weighted average shares used in computing net loss per common share – basic and diluted

93,881

66,611

Net loss per common share – basic and diluted

$
(
0.73
)

$
(
0.42
)

Net loss per share is based on the weighted average
number of common shares and common share equivalents outstanding during the period.

In periods with a reported net loss, the effect
of anti-dilutive stock options, unvested restricted common stock and warrants are excluded and diluted loss per share is equal to basic
loss per share. Due to a net loss in the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, there were therefore no dilutive securities and hence
basic and diluted loss per share were the same. 
The following is a summary of the weighted average common stock equivalents for the securities
outstanding during the respective periods that have been excluded from the computation of diluted net loss per common share, as their
effect would be anti-dilutive (in thousands):

Year Ended December 31,

2024

2023

Warrants

2,583

6,053

Options

12,907

12,280

Unvested restricted common stock

2,997

1,192

Total potentially dilutive shares

18,487

19,525

As all potentially dilutive securities are anti-dilutive
as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, diluted net loss per share is the same as basic net loss per share for each period.

Recently Adopted Accounting Standards

In November 2023, the FASB issued ASU No. 2023-07,

Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures
, which amends reportable segment requirements, primarily
through enhanced disclosures about significant segment expenses, including for public entities that have a single reportable segment.
The standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023 and interim periods within fiscal years beginning December
15, 2024. The Company adopted ASU 2023-07 on January 1, 2024 and have made the necessary reportable segment disclosures (See Note 3, Segment
Reporting).

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements Not
Yet Adopted

From time to time, new accounting pronouncements
are issued by the FASB or other standard setting bodies that are adopted by the Company as of the specified effective date. Unless otherwise
discussed, we believe that the impact of recently issued standards that are not yet effective will not have a material impact on our consolidated
financial position or results of operations upon adoption.

On December 14, 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09,

Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures
. Under ASU 2023-09, entities are required to uniformly classify
and present greater disaggregation of information in the rate reconciliation and income taxes paid. ASU 2023-09 is intended to benefit
users of our consolidated financial statements by improving transparency and decision usefulness of income tax disclosures. The new standard
is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2024. The Company does not expect the adoption of this new guidance to have
a material impact on our consolidated financial statements and have decided not to early adopt ASU 2023-09.

F-
13

Note 3 - Segment Reporting

The Company operates as 
one
 operating segment
as its CODM reviews financial information on a consolidated basis for purposes of making operating decisions, allocating resources, and
evaluating financial performance. In addition to consolidated net loss, our CODM reviews and utilizes natural expenses, such as employee
wages and benefits at a consolidated level, to manage the Company’s operations and strategic growth initiatives. 
The following table
presents segment information of revenue, significant expenses and net loss (in thousands):

Year Ended December 31,

2024

2023

Revenue

$
373

$
358

Less:

Salaries and employee related costs

9,534

9,745

Stock-based compensation

5,805

4,555

Rent and facilities

751

575

Professional services and legal fees

2,959

3,963

Technology & IT costs

1,062

1,198

Other sales and marketing costs

734

1,471

Direct and indirect materials

99

39

Depreciation and amortization expense

3,798

3,307

Other operational expenses

1,568

1,748

Operating loss

(
25,937
)

(
26,243
)

Other income (expense)

Interest expense

(
254
)

(
602
)

Interest and other income (expense) 
(1)

(
1,819
)

(
705
)

(Gain) loss on change in fair value of warrant liabilities

(
40,532
)

528

Segment and net loss

$
(
68,542
)

$
(
27,022
)

(1)
Includes
interest income of $
423
 thousand and $
295
 thousand for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.

Note 4 – Intangible Assets, net

As a result of the merger with QPhoton in June
2022, the Company has the following amounts related to intangible assets, net (in thousands):

December 31, 2024

December 31, 2023

Gross Carrying Amount

Accumulated Amortization

Net Carrying Amount

Gross Carrying Amount

Accumulated Amortization

Net Carrying Amount

Non-compete agreement with founder

$
3,251

$
(
2,800
)

$
451

$
3,251

$
(
1,715
)

$
1,536

Website domain name and trademark

1,009

(
521
)

488

1,009

(
320
)

689

Technology and licensed patents

12,731

(
4,698
)

8,033

12,731

(
2,880
)

9,851

Total

$
16,991

$
(
8,019
)

$
8,972

$
16,991

$
(
4,915
)

$
12,076

F-
14

The amortization expense of the Company’s
intangible assets for both the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 was approximately $
3.1
 million. The Company expects future amortization
expense to be the following (in thousands):

Amortization

2025

$
2,472

2026

2,021

2027

1,903

2028

1,819

2029

757

Thereafter

-

Total

$
8,972

Note 5 – Income Taxes

The Company’s provision for income taxes
differs from the amount determined by applying the applicable federal statutory tax rate to the loss before income taxes due to the valuation
allowance for the net deferred income tax assets. 
A reconciliation of the U.S. statutory tax rate to our effective tax rate is presented
below:

Year Ended December, 31

2024

2023

2022

Federal statutory income tax rate

21.0
%

21.0
%

21.0
%

State income taxes, net of federal benefit

(
3.1
)%

0.0
%

0.0
%

Warrant mark-to-market adjustments

(
12.4
)%

2.0
%

2.7
%

Change in business credits

0.5
%

0.0
%

0.0
%

Other permanent differences

(
0.1
)%

(
0.3
)%

(
0.1
)%

True-ups

0.0
%

0.0
%

0.0
%

Change in deferred tax asset valuation allowance

(
6.0
)%

(
22.3
)%

(
23.7
)%

Effective income tax rate

0.0
%

0.4
%

0.0
%

Income tax expense attributable to pretax loss
from continuing operations differed from the amounts computed by applying the U.S. federal income tax rate of 
21
% to pretax loss from
continuing operations as a result of both temporary and permanent differences in the U.S. GAAP vs tax treatment of certain types of expenses,
including stock-based compensation, depreciation and amortization, research and development and meals and entertainment. Additionally,
the Company’s policy is to account for interest and penalties as income tax expense. As of December 31, 2024, the Company had no interest
related to unrecognized tax benefits, and no amounts for penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits were recognized in the provision
for income taxes. We do not anticipate any significant change within twelve months of this reporting date.

As of December 31, 2024, the Company had federal
and state net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $
89
 million and $
7
 million, respectively. All of the federal NOL carryforwards
were generated during 2018 or later and will carryforward indefinitely but will be subject to 
80
% taxable income limitation beginning
tax years after December 31, 2021, as provided by the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security (“CARES”) Act (PL 116-136).
State net operating loss will begin to expire in 2043 for state tax purposes. Furthermore, the utilization of NOLs and tax credit carryforwards
to offset future taxable income may be subject to an annual limitation as a result of ownership changes that have occurred previously
or may occur in the future. Under Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code, a corporation that undergoes an ownership change
may be subject to limitations on its ability to utilize its pre-change NOLs and other tax attributes otherwise available to offset future
taxable income and/or tax liability. An ownership change is defined as a cumulative change of 
50
% or more in the ownership positions of
certain stockholders during a rolling three-year period. The Company has determined that ownership changes have occurred, primarily driven
by the Transactions, and hence the Company’s ability to use its NOLs or tax credit carryforwards may be restricted.

As of December 31, 2024, in addition to the $
89.4

million in tax-effected NOL carryforwards, at an assumed tax rate of 
30
%, the significant components of the Company’s net deferred
tax assets included stock-based compensation of $
14
 million, capitalized research and development expenditures of approximately $
3
 million.
As of December 31, 2023, in addition to the $
13
 million in tax-effected NOL carryforwards, also at an assumed tax rate of 
26
%, the significant
components of the Company’s net deferred tax assets included stock-based compensation of $
11
 million and capitalized research and
development expenditures of approximately $
2
 million. The Company believes that it is more likely than not that the benefit from the net
deferred tax assets will not be realized. Accordingly, it has provided a full valuation allowance on any potential deferred tax assets
The valuation allowance increased by approximately $
16
 million for the period ended December 31, 2024. The provision for income taxes
is not material in the years presented due to there being no taxable income.

F-
15

The Company has federal R&D credit carryforwards
of approximately $
878
 thousand. The Company has no state R&D credit carryforwards.

The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction
and various state jurisdictions, with varying statutes of limitations. The tax years from inception through 2024 remain open to examination
due to the carryover of unused net operating losses that are being carried forward for tax purposes. 

Uncertain Tax Positions

The Company has unrecognized tax benefits related to research and development
credit carryforwards. A full valuation allowance has been provided against the Company’s research and development credits. 
Therefore,
any adjustments to these unrecognized tax benefits would be offset by corresponding adjustments to the valuation allowance, resulting
in no impact on the consolidated balance sheet or statement of operations.

December 31,

 2024

Beginning balance as of December 31, 2023

$
-

Changes related to tax positions taken in the prior year

96,767

Changes related to tax positions taken in the current year

167,774

Ending balance as of December 31, 2024

$
263,541

Note 6 – Property and Equipment, net

The Company’s property and equipment, net
are primarily located at the Company’s leased facilities in Hoboken, NJ and Tempe, AZ and consist of (in thousands):

December 31,

Classification

2024

2023

Computer and laboratory equipment

$
8,438

$
2,999

Network equipment

29

29

Furniture and fixtures

37

32

Software

77

49

Leasehold improvements

597

33

Total cost of property and equipment

9,178

3,142

Accumulated depreciation

966

272

Property and equipment, net

$
8,212

$
2,870

The approximate $
6.0
 million increase in property
and equipment is primarily driven by purchases of laboratory equipment, as well as leasehold improvements, in establishing the AZ Chips
Facility.

The Company began depreciating select property
and equipment at the AZ Chips Facility as they were put in service during the year ended December 31, 2024, and recorded total depreciation
expense of $
694
 thousand and $
203
 thousand during the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, using useful lives of the
Company’s long-lived assets as follows:

Estimated
 Useful Life
 (Years)

Computer and laboratory equipment

5

Network equipment

4

Furniture and fixtures

7

Software

3

Leasehold improvements

Lessor of lease term or 5

$
5.4
 million of property and equipment have yet
to be placed in service and have not started depreciating.

Maintenance and repairs are charged to operations
when incurred. When property and equipment are sold or otherwise disposed, the asset account and related accumulated depreciation and
amortization accounts are relieved, and any gain or loss is included in other income or expense. There were no significant gains or losses
in the year ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.

F-
16

Note 7 – Financial Liabilities

 The Company has the following amounts related to financial liabilities
(in thousands):

December 31,

2024

2023

Remaining loan balances

$
         -

$
2,063

Remaining unamortized debt issuance costs

-

(
138
)

Financial liabilities, net

$
-

$
1,925

Additionally, the Company has 
no
 and $
14
 thousand
of accrued interest as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which is included in Other Current Liabilities.

Secured Promissory Note

On August 6, 2024, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement
(the “Secured SPA”) with Streeterville Capital, LLC (“Streeterville”), pursuant to which the Company issued and
sold to Streeterville a Secured Convertible Promissory Note (the “Streeterville Convertible Note”) in the original principal
amount of $
8.25
 million. The principal amount includes an original issue discount of $
750
 thousand. Streeterville paid $
7.5
 million in
cash for the Streeterville Convertible Note. The Streeterville Convertible Note accrues interest at a rate of 
10
% per annum and has a
maturity date of 
February 6, 2026
, unless earlier prepaid, redeemed or accelerated in accordance with its terms prior to such date. The
Company intends to use the net proceeds from the sale of the Streeterville Convertible Note primarily for general working capital purposes,
including for (i) operations as the Company increases its sales and marketing efforts; (ii) capital expenditures in outfitting its chip
fabrication facility in Tempe, AZ; and (iii) for any other planned or unplanned expenditures that might arise in support of the Company’s
business plan. Ascendiant Capital Markets, LLC served as the placement agent on the transaction and received a fee of $
450
 thousand, and
the Company recognized $
55
 thousand in other issuance costs, primarily for legal services. The Company repaid the Streeterville Convertible
Note on November 18, 2024. As of December 31, 2024, there was no outstanding balance and the Company has no further obligations with respect
to the Secured SPA or Streeterville Convertible Note.

Unsecured Promissory Note

On September 23, 2022, the Company entered into a note purchase agreement
(the “Unsecured NPA”) with Streeterville Capital, LLC (“Streeterville”), pursuant to which Streeterville purchased
an unsecured promissory note (the “Note” or the “Streeterville Unsecured Note”) in the initial principal amount
of $
8.25
 million. The Streeterville Unsecured Note bore interest at 
10
% per annum. The maturity date of the Note was defined as 
18
 months
from the date of its issuance (the “Maturity Date”). The Streeterville Unsecured Note carried an original issue discount of
$
750
 thousand, which was included in the principal balance of the Note. If the Company had elected to prepay the Streeterville Unsecured
Note prior to the Maturity Date, it would have paid to Streeterville 
120
% of the portion of the Outstanding Balance the Company would
have elected to prepay. As of December 31, 2024, Streeterville has redeemed the full principal amount of the Unsecured NPA. There was
an outstanding balance of $
1.9
 million as of December 31, 2023. As of December 31, 2024, there was 
no
 outstanding balance and the Company
has no further obligations with respect to the Unsecured NPA or Streeterville Unsecured Note.

Note Purchase Agreement – the Company
and Wholly-Owned Subsidiary QPhoton

On February 18, 2022, the Company entered into
a Note Purchase Agreement (the “QCi Note Purchase Agreement”) with QPhoton, pursuant to which the Company agreed to loan money
to QPhoton using two unsecured promissory notes (each, a “QCi Note”), each in the principal amount of $
1.25
 million, subject
to the terms and conditions of the QCi Note Purchase Agreement. Also, on February 18, 2022, pursuant to the terms of the QCi Note Purchase
Agreement, the Company loaned the principal amount of $
1.25
 million to QPhoton. On April 1, 2022, pursuant to the terms of the QCi Note
Purchase Agreement, the Company loaned the principal amount of $
1.25
 million to QPhoton, for a total loan under the two QCi Notes of $
2.5

million.

The QCi Note Purchase Agreement contains customary
representations and warranties by QPhoton and the Company, as well as a “most favored nations” provision for the benefit of
the Company. The QCi Notes issued under the QCi Note Purchase Agreement, including the QCi Notes issued on February 18, 2022 and April
1, 2022, provide that the indebtedness evidenced by the applicable QCi Note bears simple interest at the rate of 
6
% per annum (or 
15
%
per annum during the occurrence of an event of default, as defined in the QCi Notes), and becomes due and payable in full on the earlier
of (i) March 1, 2023, subject to extension by one year at the option of QPhoton, (ii) a change of control (as defined in the QCi Notes)
of QPhoton or (iii) an event of default. As a result of the merger, the QCi Note and accrued interest is eliminated through consolidation.
However, the two QCi Notes were not forgiven or converted to equity, remain outstanding under the terms and conditions of the QCi Note
Purchase Agreement, and are eliminated for presentation purposes in these consolidated financial statements.

F-
17

Note 8 – Contingencies 

Indemnification Arrangements

We enter into standard indemnification arrangements
in our ordinary course of business. Pursuant to these arrangements, we indemnify, hold harmless, and agree to reimburse the indemnified
parties for losses suffered or incurred by the indemnified parties (generally our business partners or customers) in connection with any
trade secret, copyright, patent or other intellectual property infringement claim by any third-party with respect to our products. The
term of these indemnification agreements is generally perpetual any time after the execution of the agreement. The maximum potential amount
of future payments we could be required to make under these agreements is not determinable. We have never incurred costs to defend lawsuits
or settle claims related to these indemnification agreements. As a result, we believe the estimated fair value of these agreements is
minimal.

We have entered into indemnification agreements
with our directors and officers that may require us to indemnify our directors and officers against liabilities that may arise by reason
of their status or service as directors or officers, other than liabilities arising from willful misconduct of a culpable nature. These
agreements also require us to advance their expenses incurred as a result of any proceeding against them as to which they could be indemnified
and to make good faith determination whether or not it is practicable for us to obtain directors and officers insurance. We currently
have directors and officers liability insurance.

Legal Proceedings

From time to time, we may be involved in legal
proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. In general, management believes that ordinary course of business matters will
not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position or consolidated results of operations and are adequately covered
by our liability insurance. However, it is possible that consolidated cash flows or results of operations could be materially affected
in any particular period by the unfavorable resolution of one of more of these contingencies or because of the diversion of management’s
attention and the incurrence of significant expenses.

See Part I, Item 3, 
Legal Proceedings
,
in this Form 10-K for additional details on the status of the following proceedings.

BV Advisory v. QCi Breach Lawsuit

At the time of the QPhoton Merger in June 2022,
QPhoton had an outstanding balance of principal and interest due to BV Advisory based on a note purchase agreement that QPhoton had entered
into with BV Advisory on March 1, 2021 (the “BV Note Purchase Agreement”). Accordingly, the Company has recorded an estimated
payable (the “BV Advisory Payable”), recognized as other current liabilities on the consolidated financial statements, based
on best available information in the amount of $
536
 thousand as of December 31, 2024 and 2023.

On August 16, 2022, BV Advisory filed a complaint
Delaware Chancery Court naming the Company and certain of its directors and officers (among others) as defendants seeking, among other
relief, monetary damages for an alleged breach of the BV Note Purchase Agreement. During the year ended December 31, 2024, BV Advisory’s
other claims were dismissed by the Delaware Chancery Court and BV Advisory transferred its claim for breach of the BV Note Purchase Agreement
to the Delaware Superior Court. The Company believes that BV Advisory’s claims have no merit and intends to defend itself vigorously.
BV Advisory’s claims are not covered by the Company’s liability insurance, nor does the Company believe it is necessary to
accrue an amount in addition to the BV Advisory Payable at this time.

BV Advisory v. QCi Appraisal Action

BV Advisory was purportedly a shareholder of QPhoton,
Inc., the predecessor in interest to QPhoton, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (both referred to as “QPhoton”
in this Legal Proceedings discussion). BV Advisory rejected the Merger Consideration (as defined below) and on October 13, 2022 filed
a petition in the Delaware Chancery Court seeking appraisal of the shares of QPhoton it allegedly owned (which shares represented 
10
%
of the shares of QPhoton outstanding immediately prior to the Company’s acquisition of QPhoton). The Appraisal Petition is currently
pending in Delaware Chancery Court. The Company included BV Advisory’s purported ownership of QPhoton in the purchase price accounting
for the QPhoton Merger.

F-
18

The Company’s total purchase price of QPhoton
was approximately $
71.0
 million, or $
69.9
 million net of cash acquired, consisting of Company common stock, Series B Preferred Stock and
QPhoton Warrants (as defined below). While the total shares of the Company’s common stock on an as-converted basis offered in the
QPhoton Merger was 
36,600,823
 (the “Merger Consideration”), the fair market valuation contemplated 
31,299,417
 of the shares,
which assumed full conversion of the 
2,377,028
 shares of Series B Preferred Stock to common stock at the 10:1 ratio, and that only 
1,726,931

of the warrants to purchase up to 
7,028,337
 shares of the Company’s common stock (the “QPhoton Warrants”) would eventually
be exercised (specifically only the QPhoton Warrants for which the associated Company options and/or warrants had an exercise price at
or below $
2.27
 at the time of the QPhoton Merger).

Accordingly, as of December 31, 2024 and 2023,
the Company has neither issued 
2,957,251
 shares of the Company’s common stock on an as converted basis (the “Unissued QPhoton
Shares”) nor 
702,834
 warrants to purchase shares of the Company’s common stock (the “Unissued QPhoton Warrants”)
that were included in the Merger Consideration. The Unissued QPhoton Shares are included in the statement of stockholder’s equity
as additional paid in capital as of as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, and the Unissued QPhoton Warrants have a carrying value of $
40.5

million as a liability on the Company’s consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2024, and 
no
 carrying value as a liability
on the Company’s consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2023.

QCi v. BV Advisory Injunction Lawsuit

On January 31, 2025, the Company filed a complaint
in Delaware Chancery Court against BV Defendants (BV Advisory and its principal Keith Barksdale) asserting claims for defamation, breach
of contract, conversion, aiding and abetting conversion, and misappropriation of trade secrets based on the BV Defendants’ unauthorized
possession and dissemination of certain of the Company’s confidential and privileged documents. The Company seeks, among other relief,
injunctive relief and damages. On February 11, 2025, the Court granted the Company’s motion for temporary restraining order and
instructed the parties to negotiate an expedited case schedule. On February 13, 2025, the Court entered a stipulated case schedule that
set a trial for April 8 and 9, 2025 on the Company’s claims for conversion, aiding and abetting conversion, and misappropriation
of trade secrets. The parties are currently engaged in discovery. The Company does not believe it is necessary to accrue a litigation
reserve at this time.

Securities Class Action Lawsuit

On February 25, 2025, a class action lawsuit was
filed against the Company and certain of its current and past officers in the New Jersey District Court, by a plaintiff seeking to represent
a class of all persons who purchased the Company’s securities between March 30, 2020 and January 15, 2025, alleging violations of
Section 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The complaint alleges that the Company made false and/or misleading statements
and/or failed to disclose material information about the Company’s customers, contracts and business operations. To date, the New
Jersey District Court has not certified a class or designated a lead plaintiff. The Company disputes the allegations in the complaint,
intends to vigorously defend against the claims asserted, and does not believe it is necessary to accrue a litigation reserve at this
time.

Arbitration over Stock Options

In February 2025, the Company entered into arbitrations
with Former Consultants (two individuals) regarding forfeiture of stock options. The Company had issued stock options to the consultants
in 2020 and 2021 and terminated the Former Consultants’ agreements in March 2024, at which time the Company informed the Former
Consultants that any vested options had to be exercised within three months of the termination date, per the Company’s Equity and
Incentive Plans. The Former Consultants did not exercise their vested options, and the options were duly forfeited. In December 2024,
the Former Consultants claim that they still retain the right to exercise the options, which the Company has rejected. The Company believes
these claims are without merit, intends to defend itself vigorously, and does not believe it is necessary to accrue a litigation reserve
at this time.

F-
19

Note 9 – Loan Receivable

On May 16, 2023, the Company entered into a Summary
of Proposed Terms (the “Letter of Intent”) with millionways, Inc (“millionways”) to provide bridge loans to millionways
and enter into due diligence to acquire up to 
100
% of the AI firm. On June 6, 2023, the Company entered into a note purchase agreement
(the “MW Agreement”) with millionways, pursuant to which the Company agreed to purchase from millionways up to three unsecured
promissory notes (each, a “MW Note”), in an aggregate principal amount of up to $
2.0
 million, subject to the terms and conditions
of the MW Agreement. Also on June 6, 2023, pursuant to the terms of the MW Agreement, the Company purchased the MW Notes from millionways
and loaned an aggregate principal amount of $
500
 thousand to millionways.

The MW Agreement contains customary representations
and warranties by millionways and the Company, as well as a “most favored nations” provision for the benefit of the Company.
The MW Notes issued under the MW Agreement, including the MW Notes issued on June 6, 2023, provide that the indebtedness evidenced by
the applicable MW Note bears simple interest at the rate of 
10
% per annum (or 
15
% per annum during the occurrence of an event of default,
as defined in the MW Notes), and becomes due and payable in full on the earlier of (i) May 16, 2024, (ii) a change of control (as defined
in the MW Notes) of millionways, (iii) dollar-for-dollar prepayment for additional capital received through any vehicle from a third party
or (iv) an event of default.

The Company reserved $
558
 thousand of the outstanding
$
558
 thousand receivable as uncollectible based on credit risk in the consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2024, however,
as of March 18, 2025, is actively seeking collection of $
658
 thousand, including principal and interest.

Note 10 – Capital Stock

Authorized Classes of Stock

As of December, 2024, the Company’s Board
of Directors has authorized two classes of preferred stock. The Board has authorized 
1,550
,000 shares of preferred stock as Series A preferred
stock, par value $
0.0001
 per share, 
none
 of which are issued and outstanding at December 31, 2024, and 
1,490,004
 of which were issued
and outstanding as of December 31, 2023. The Board has also authorized 
3,079,864
 shares of preferred stock as Series B preferred stock,
par value $
0.0001
 per share, 
none
 of which are issued and outstanding at December 31, 2024 and 2023.

Series A Convertible Preferred Offering

From November 10, 2021 through November 17, 2021,
the Company conducted a private placement offering (the “Private Placement”) pursuant to securities purchase agreements with
7 accredited investors (the “Series A Investors”), whereby the Series A Investors purchased from the Company an aggregate
of 
1,545,459
 shares of the Company’s newly created Series A convertible preferred stock, par value $
0.0001
 per share (the “Series
A Preferred Stock”) and warrants to purchase 
1,545,459
 shares of the Company’s common stock (the “Preferred Warrants”)
for an aggregate purchase price of $
8.5
 million. The Private Placement was completed and closed to further investment on November 17,
2021.

The Series A Preferred Stock ranks senior to common
stock with respect to the payment of dividends and liquidation rights. Each holder of Series A Preferred Stock is entitled to receive,
with respect to each share of Series A Preferred Stock then outstanding and held by such holder, dividends at the rate of 
10
% per annum
(the “Preferred Dividends.”) The Company is obligated to pay the Preferred Dividends quarterly, in arrears, within 15 days
of the end of each quarter. The Company has the option to pay the Preferred Dividends in cash or in common stock, at a price per share
of common stock equal to the average of the closing sale price of the common stock for the 5 trading days preceding the applicable dividend
payment date. The Preferred Dividends are accrued monthly, but not compounded, and are recorded as interest expense, because the Preferred
Dividends are mandatory and not declared at the discretion of the Board of Directors.

The number of shares of the Company’s common
stock issuable upon conversion of any share of Series A Preferred Stock shall be determined by dividing (x) the Conversion Amount of such
share of Series A Preferred Stock by (y) the Conversion Price. “Conversion Amount” means, with respect to each share of Series
A Preferred Stock, as of the applicable date of determination, the sum of (1) the stated value thereof plus (2) any accrued dividends.
“Conversion Price” means, with respect to each share of Series A Preferred Stock, as of any optional conversion date, Mandatory
Conversion Date or other date of determination, $
5.50
, subject to adjustment for stock splits, dividends, recapitalizations and similar
corporate events.

F-
20

The Preferred Warrants were 
two
-year warrants
to purchase shares of the Company’s common stock at an exercise price of $
7.00
 per share, subject to adjustment, were exercisable
at any time on or after the date that was six months following the issuance date, and provided for cashless exercise in the event the
underlying shares of the Company’s common stock are not registered. As of December 31, 2023, all of the Preferred Warrants had expired
unexercised.

In connection with the Purchase Agreement, the
Company and the Series A Investors entered into a registration rights agreement (the “Registration Rights Agreement”) pursuant
to which the Company agreed to file a registration statement to register the shares of the Company’s common stock underlying the
Series A Preferred Stock and warrants within 180 days. Pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, the Series A Investors received
certain rights, including but not limited to piggyback registration rights, providing that the holder be given notice of any proposed
registration of securities by the Company, and requiring that the Company register all or any portion of the registrable securities that
the holders request to be registered, in each case, subject to the terms and conditions of the Registration Rights Agreement. On April
27, 2022 the Company filed a Registration Statement on Form S-3 to register the resale of the shares of common stock as required by the
Registration Rights Agreement. The Form S-3 went effective on June 2, 2022.

On June 13, 2022, one of the Series A Investors,
Falcon Capital Partners, converted 
45,455
 shares of Series A Preferred Stock into 
47,728
 shares of the Company’s common stock.

On February 9, 2023, one of the Series A Investors,
Greenfield Children, LLC, converted 
10,000
 shares of Series A Preferred Stock plus accrued dividends into 
11,096
 shares of the Company’s
common stock.

On March 19, 2024, the Company entered into a
Redemption and Waiver Agreement (the “Series A Redemption Agreement”) with the current holders (the “Series A Holders”)
of its Series A Preferred Stock. Accordingly, $
8.125
 million of additional paid in capital was reclassified from shareholders’ equity
to mezzanine equity (the “Mezzanine Equity”) on the Company’s consolidated balance sheet in accordance with
Accounting Series Release No. 268, Presentation in Financial Statements of “Redeemable Preferred Stocks”. The Mezzanine Equity
was valued at the date of the Private Placement issuance. Pursuant to the Series A Redemption Agreement, the Company agreed to redeem
all outstanding shares of the Series A Preferred Stock for an aggregate cash purchase price of $
8,195,000
, or $
5.50
 per share, at its
sole discretion, in 18 monthly payments (each a “Monthly Redemption Threshold” payment), which may be accelerated at the Company’s
sole discretion and which does not prevent the Series A Holders from converting outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock at a conversion
price of $
5.50
 per share. In addition, the Series A Holders agreed to waive (the “Waivers”), on a month-by-month basis following
each monthly payment, certain rights granted to them in (i) the Preferred Stock Certificate of Designation (the “Preferred Stock
COD”), including for the accrual and payment of accrued and future dividends; and (ii) the Preferred Stock Securities Purchase Agreement
(the “Preferred Stock SPA”). In the event the Company opts to not make a Monthly Redemption Threshold payment, the Waivers
are forfeited and the terms revert to those detailed in the Preferred Stock COD and Preferred Stock SPA. During the year ended December
31, 2024, the Company redeemed 
745,047
 shares of Series A Preferred Stock for approximately $
4.1
 million in cash paid to the Series A
Holders.

During November 2024 and December 2024, the Series
A Holders converted 
744,957
 shares of Series A Preferred Stock into 
744,957
 shares of the Company’s common stock. As of December
31, 2024, there were 
no
 shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued and outstanding and the Mezzanine Equity valuation was reduced to zero.

At-the-Market Facility

During the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023,
the Company sold 
23,679,391
 and 
17,571,926
 shares of common stock, respectively, through its At-The-Market (ATM) facility, managed by
Ascendiant Capital Markets, LLC, at an average price of $
1.21
. The Company received net aggregate proceeds of $
48.5
 million, of which
$
23.8
 million and $
24.7
 million, respectively, was received during the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023.

F-
21

Registered Direct Offering

On November 14, 2024, the Company entered into
securities purchase agreements (the “November RDO SPAs”) for a registered direct offering (the “November RDO”)
to sell an aggregate of 
16
 million shares of the Company’s common stock, par value $
0.0001
 per share, at a purchase price of $
2.50

per share (the “November RDO Shares”), resulting in gross proceeds of $
40
 million, before deducting placement agent commissions
and other offering expenses. On November 18, 2024, the Company completed the sale of the November RDO Shares and announced its intention
to use the net proceeds from the November RDO for the repayment of debt, working capital, and general corporate purposes. Specifically,
the Company used approximately $
9.3
 million of the gross proceeds to pay in full the Streeterville Convertible Note.

In conjunction with the November RDO SPAs, the
Company also entered into a placement agency agreement with Titan Partners Group LLC (“Titan”), a division of American Capital
Partners, LLC (the “November Placement Agent”) dated November 14, 2024, pursuant to which the November Placement Agent will
act as the exclusive placement agent for the Company in connection with the November RDO. The Company agreed to pay the November Placement
Agent a cash fee of 
7.25
% of the gross proceeds from the November RDO and to issue to the November Placement Agent (or its designees)

800,000
 five-year warrants representing 
5
% of the securities sold in the November RDO, which will be exercisable beginning on May 13,
2025, and have an initial exercise price per share of the Company’s common stock of $
2.875
. In addition, the Company agreed to reimburse
the November Placement Agent for up to $
100,000
 of its fees and expenses in connection with the November RDO.

Registered Direct and Private Placement Offerings

On December 10, 2024, the Company entered into
securities purchase agreements (the “December RDO SPAs”) for a registered direct offering (the “December RDO”),
an aggregate of 
1,540,000
 shares of the Company’s common stock, par value $
0.0001
 per share, at a purchase price of $
5.00
 per share.
Also on December 10, 2024, the Company entered into securities purchase agreements, pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue in a
concurrent private placement (the “December Private Placement” and together with the December RDO, the “December SPAs”),
an aggregate of 
8,460,000
 shares (the “December Placement Shares”) of common stock at a purchase price of $
5.00
 per share.
The December SPAs closed on December 12, 2024. The December RDO resulted in gross proceeds of $
7.7
 million and the December Private Placement
resulted in gross proceeds of $
42.3
 million, in each case before deducting placement agent commissions and other offering expenses. Furthermore,
the Company filed a registration statement registering the resale of the December Placement Shares on December 20, 2024, which went effective
January 6, 2025.

In conjunction with the December SPAs, the Company
also entered into a placement agency agreement with Titan (the “December Placement Agent”), dated December 10, 2024, pursuant
to which the December Placement Agent will act as the exclusive placement agent for the Company in connection with the December SPAs.
The Company agreed to pay the December Placement Agent a cash fee of 
7
% of the gross proceeds from the December SPAs and to issue to the
December Placement Agent (or its designees) 
500,000
 five-year warrants (representing 
5
% of the securities sold in the Offerings), which
will be exercisable beginning on June 8, 2025, and have an initial exercise price per share of the Company’s common stock of $
5.75
.
In addition, the Company agreed to reimburse the December Placement Agent for up to $
100,000
 of its fees and expenses in connection with
the December SPAs.

The combined amount of net proceeds raised from
the ATM and RDOs was $
106.8
 million and $
24.7
 million for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.

Warrants

The table below summarizes the warrants outstanding
at December 31, 2024 (in thousands, except exercise prices):

Issuance Date

Expiration Date

Exercise Price

Issued

Exercised

Forfeited /
 Canceled

Warrants
 Outstanding

August 18, 2020

August 18, 2025

$
2.00

171

(
150
)

-

21

June 16, 2022

May 9, 2027

$
0.0001

6,325

-

(
4,121
)

2,204

November 18, 2024

November 18, 2029

$
2.875

800

-

-

800

December 12, 2024

December 12, 2029

$
5.75

500

-

-

500

F-
22

In connection with a restricted stock units offering
in June 2020, the Company issued warrants in August 2020 to purchase 
171,000
 shares of the Company’s common stock, at an exercise
price of $
2.00
. Those warrants are exercisable for 
five years
 from the date of issuance.

In connection with the QPhoton Merger on June
16, 2022, the Company issued 
6.3
 million warrants to purchase shares of the Company’s common stock at an exercise price of $
0.0001
.
Those warrants are exercisable when and if stock options and warrants issued by the Company and outstanding as of June 15, 2022 (the “Underlying
Options”) are exercised. As of December 31, 2024, all of the QPhoton Warrants linked to the outstanding Underlying Options are expected
to be exercised as the exercise prices of all the Underlying Options are below the closing stock price as of December 31, 2024. The 
6.3

million issued warrants represent a portion of the 
7.0
 million warrants included in the Merger Consideration, having been received by
two QPhoton shareholders. A third alleged shareholder rejected the Merger Consideration and commenced litigation, and to date that litigation
has not been resolved and the associated 
702,834
 warrants have not been issued, of which 
457,926
 would have been canceled to date due
to forfeitures of Underlying Options. See Part I, Item 3, 
Legal Proceedings
, for additional information on the status of the litigation.

As of December 31, 2024, of the 
6.3
 million QPhoton Warrants issued,
approximately 
65
% have been forfeited because the corresponding Underlying Options had expired or been forfeited. Further, as discussed
in Note 2, 
Significant Accounting Policies – Fair Value of Financial Instruments
, the QPhoton Warrants issued on June 16,
2022, are considered Level 3 liabilities for fair value measurement on the valuation hierarchy. In determining the fair market value of
the QPhoton Warrants, the Company determines which underlying options and warrants are in-the-money or out-of-the-money at period end
by comparing to the bid price of the Company’s common stock, then accounts for changes period-over-period by realizing a mark-to-market
gain or loss for the period. Due to the difference between the exercise price and the market value of the Company's stock as of the balance
sheet dates, the market value of the stock and the probability of the underlying options and warrants being exercised are the only significant
inputs in the valuation of the warrant liability. Accordingly, the Company recognized a mark-to-market loss of $
40.5
 million and a mark-to-market
gain of $
528
 thousand during the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. As of December 31, 2024, the QPhoton Warrants have
a carrying value of $
40.5
 million as a liability on the Company’s consolidated balance sheet, an increase of $
40.5
 million as compared
to the Company’s December 31, 2023 consolidated balance sheet, where the QPhoton Warrants had no carrying value as a liability on
the Company’s consolidated balance sheet.

Note 11 – Stock-based Compensation

Incentive Plans

The Quantum Computing Inc. 2019 Equity and Incentive
Plan, as amended in 2021 (the “2019 Plan”) enabled the Company to grant incentive stock options or nonqualified stock options
and other equity awards to employees, directors and consultants of the Company up to a total of 
3.0
 million shares of common stock, all
of which have been issued.

On July 5, 2022, the Board of Directors adopted
the Quantum Computing Inc. 2022 Equity and Incentive Plan (the “2022 Plan”), which was approved by a majority of the shareholders
in September 2022. The 2022 Plan initially provided for the issuance of up to 
16
 million shares of the Company’s common stock and
includes provisions for annual automatic evergreen increases of 
1,000,000
 shares of common stock. As of December 31, 2024, the total number
of shares of our common stock reserved for issuance under the 2022 Plan is 
18
 million and a total of 
13
 million shares and options were
issued and outstanding under the 2022 Plan.

Options

The following table summarizes the Company’s
option activity for the year ended December 31, 2024 (in thousands, except exercise price and contractual life data):

Number
 Outstanding

Weighted
 Average
 Exercise
 Price per 

Share

Weighted
 Average
 Remaining
 Contractual
 Life (Years)

Balance as of January 1, 2023

9,165

3.51

4.2

Granted

5,340

1.38

5.0

Forfeited

(
662
)

4.41

-

Balance as of December 31, 2023

13,843

$
2.64

3.7

Granted

830

0.92

5.0

Forfeited

(
1,690
)

4.14

-

Balance as of December 31, 2024

12,983

$
2.34

2.9

Vested and exercisable as of December 31, 2023

8,803

3.21

3.4

Vested and exercisable as of December 31, 2024

9,646

$
2.66

2.7

F-
23

The following table presents the assumptions used
in the Black-Scholes option-pricing model to determine the grant-date fair value of stock options granted during the years ended December
31, 2024 and 2023:

Year Ended

December 31,

2024

2023

Exercise price

$
0.46
 – 
1.12

$
0.85
 – 
1.84

Risk-free interest rate

4.2
 – 
5.2
 %

4.7
 – 
5.0
 %

Expected volatility

90
 – 
105
 %

98
 – 
137
 %

Expected dividend yield

0
%

0
%

Expected life of options (in years)

5.0

5.0

The following table summarizes the exercise price
range as of December 31, 2024 (in thousands):

Exercise Price

Outstanding

 Options

Exercisable

 Options

$ 0.00 – 1.00

230

122

$ 1.00 – 2.00

5,803

2,928

$ 2.00 – 3.00

5,879

5,525

$ 3.00 – 6.00

38

38

$ 6.00 – 8.00

683

683

$ 8.00 – 12.00

350

350

12,983

9,646

The weighted average grant-date fair value of
stock options granted during the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 was $
0.92
 per share and $
1.38
 per share, respectively. As
of December 31, 2024, total unrecognized compensation cost related to common stock options was $
3.1
 million, which is expected to be recognized
over a period of 
3.0
 years.

Restricted Stock

As of December 31, 2024, there were 
1.3
 million
shares of the Company’s common stock issued and unvested that had been awarded as stock-based compensation under the 2022 Plan.

The following table summarizes the Company’s activity for restricted stock tied to vesting schedules for the year ended December
31, 2024 (in thousands):

Number

 Outstanding

Weighted

 Average Fair

 Value

Unvested as of January 1, 2023

50

$
5.70

Granted

2,429

1.36

Vested

(
1,046
)

1.48

Forfeited

(
24
)

1.28

Unvested as of December 31, 2023

1,409

$
1.42

Granted

904

1.58

Vested

(
1,049
)

1.82

Unvested as of December 31, 2024

1,264

$
1.20

F-
24

Stock-based compensation

The Company recognized stock-based compensation
expense related to common stock options and restricted shares of common stock in the following expense categories of its consolidated
statements of operations (in thousands):

Year Ended

December 31,

2024

2023

Research and development

$
4,024

$
2,080

Selling and marketing

301

(
279
)

General and administrative

1,457

2,470

Total stock-based compensation

$
5,782

$
4,271

For the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, the consolidated statement
of stockholders’ equity was lower by $
1.5
 million and $
33
 thousand, respectively, as compared to the consolidated statement of cash
flows for timing differences between award dates and the realization of stock-based compensation expense.

In terms of new issuances, the Company issued

995
 thousand shares of the Company’s common stock to employees in the year ended December 31, 2024 (the “2024 SBC Awards),
as compared to 
2.3
 million in the year ended December 31, 2023 (the “2023 SBC Awards”).

The 2024 SBC Awards included 
218
 thousand such
shares issued to former executives per their respective employment and separation agreements (the “Separation Agreement Shares”)
and 
777
 thousand such shares issued as performance and incentive awards, which included 
727
 thousand shares of the Company’s common
stock issued to 
30
 employees as payment in lieu of cash for 2023 performance bonuses (the “2024 Performance Incentive Shares”)
and 
50
 thousand shares of common stock as retention bonuses to 
five
 employees identified as key technical staff (the “2024 Retention
Incentive Shares”). The 2024 Performance Incentive Shares are restricted with the following vesting schedule: one-half vested on
December 31, 2024 and one-half will vest on December 31, 2025. The 2024 Retention Incentive Shares are restricted and vested on December
31, 2024.

The Company recognized $
197
 thousand and $
815

thousand, respectively, of stock-based compensation expense during the year ended December 31, 2024 in conjunction with the Separation
Agreement Shares and 2024 Retention Incentive Shares, and does not expect future expense related to these issuances as they are fully
vested. In conjunction with the 2024 Performance Incentive Shares, the Company recognized $
244
 thousand of stock-based compensation expense
during the year ended December 31, 2024, and expects future expense related to these offerings to total $
244
 thousand in the year ending
December 31, 2025.

The 2023 SBC Awards included 
854
 thousand shares of the Company’s
common stock issued to 
35
 employees as payment in lieu of cash for 2022 performance bonuses (the “2023 Performance Incentive Shares”)
and 
1.5
 million shares of the Company’s common stock as long-term incentive bonuses to 
five
 employees identified as key technical
staff (the “2023 Retention Incentive Shares”). The 2023 Performance Incentive Shares are restricted and vested in equal halves
on each of December 31, 2023 and 2024. As of December 31, 2024, the Company canceled 
23,600
 of the issued shares that were forfeited by
employees no longer with the Company and does not expect future expense related to these offerings as they are fully vested. The 2023
Retention Incentive Shares are restricted and vest annually in equal amounts over a five-year period as follows: 
20
% vested or will vest
on each December 31 of 2023, 2024, 2025, 2026 and 2027, subject to the grantee continuing to perform services for the Company in the capacity
in which the grant was received on each applicable vesting date. In conjunction with the 2023 Performance Incentive Shares, the Company
recognized $
462
 thousand of stock-based compensation expense during the year ended December 31, 2024 and does not expect future expense
related to these offerings as they are fully vested. In conjunction with the 2023 Retention Incentive Shares, the Company recognized $
533

thousand and $
320
 thousand, respectively, of stock-based compensation expense during the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, and expects
future expense related to these offerings to total $
1.3
 million over the remaining vesting periods. 

F-
25

Stock-based compensation for services

The Company recognized $
23
 thousand and $
284
 thousand,
respectively, during the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 in stock-based compensation for services in lieu of cash payments to certain
consultants, including expenses for both shares issued and stock option awards granted. For the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023,
the statement of stockholders’ equity was higher by $
114
 thousand and $
2.2
 million, respectively, as compared to the statement of
cash flows for timing differences between award dates and the realization of stock-based compensation for services expense.

In terms of issuances, the Company issued 
142

thousand shares of the Company’s common stock to various consultants for market and media advisory services in the year ending December
31, 2024, as compared to 
1.6
 million shares of the Company’s common stock in the year ending December 31, 2023 (the “2023
Advisor Shares”). The Company issued 
1.5
 million of the 2023 Advisor Shares to a consultant who served as an advisor on the QPhoton
Merger (the “QPhoton Advisor Shares”), comprised of 
750
 thousand such shares to Draper, Inc. and 
750
 thousand such shares
to Carriage House Capital, Inc, and issued 
75
 thousand of the 2023 Advisor Shares to FMW Media Works as compensation for services rendered
in support of marketing and communications. For the QPhoton Advisor Shares, the expense was recognized in 2022 at the time of the merger,
though the shares were not awarded and issued until 2023.

Note 12 – Related Party Transactions

There were no related party transactions during
the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023. 

Note 13 – Operating Leases

As of December 31, 2024, the Company has use of
space in three different locations, Hoboken, NJ, Tempe, AZ, and Arlington, VA, under lease or membership agreements, which expire at various
dates through November 30, 2028. The Company’s leases do not provide an implicit rate, and the rates implicit in our leases are
not readily determinable. Therefore, the Company uses its incremental borrowing rate as the discount rate when measuring 
operating lease

assets and liabilities. The incremental borrowing rate represents an estimate of the interest rate the Company would incur at lease commencement
to borrow an amount equal to the lease payments on a collateralized basis over the term of a lease. The Company’s leases all contain
options to extend or renew the lease or membership term.

The table below reconciles the undiscounted future
minimum lease payments under these operating leases to the total operating lease liabilities recognized on the consolidated balance sheet
as of December 31, 2024 (in thousands):

Year

Lease Payments
 Due

2025

$
437

2026

591

2027

515

2028

212

Total minimum payments

1,755

Less: imputed interest

(
136
)

Present value of operating lease liabilities

1,619

Less: current portion included in other current liabilities

(
438
)

Long-term operating lease liabilities

$
1,181

F-
26

Other information related to operating lease liabilities
consists of the following:

Year Ended December 31,

2024

2023

Cash paid for operating lease liabilities

$
385

$
411

Weighted average remaining lease term in years

3.3

3.7

Weighted average discount rate

10
%

10
%

Note 14 – License Agreement – Stevens
Institute of Technology

Effective December 17
th
, 2020, QPhoton
signed a License Agreement with the Stevens Institute. The License Agreement enables the Company to commercially use technology such as
licensed patents, licensed patent applications and licensed “Know-How”. QPhoton is also able to issue sublicenses for the
technology under the agreement. The agreement is effective until the later of: (i) the 30-year anniversary of the effective date, or (ii)
the expiration of the licensed patent or licensed patent application that is last to expire. As part of the merger of the Company and
QPhoton, the Stevens License Agreement was assigned to the Company.

During the term of the agreement and prior to
any commercialization or sublicensing of the technology by the Company, the Company shall be required to submit annual reports to the
Stevens Institute reporting on all research, development, and efforts toward commercialization and/or sublicensing made during the year.
Once any commercialization and/or sublicensing has been initiated, the Company shall deliver quarterly reports to the Stevens Institute
reporting on the revenue received by the Company, all sublicenses derived from the sale of licensed products, and the net sales price
associated with each transaction. The Company will be responsible for reimbursing Stevens for any costs associated with the prosecution
and maintenance of the licensed patents and licensed patent applications moving forward.

Consideration for the agreement

As consideration for the license and other rights
granted under the agreement, QPhoton agreed to pay the following: (i) $35 thousand within 30 days of execution of the agreement, (ii)
$28 thousand within 30 days of each annual anniversary of the effective date, (iii) equity in the Company equivalent to 9.0% of the membership
units of the Company within 30 days of the execution of the agreement, and (iv) royalties of 3.5% of the Net Sales Price of each licensed
product sold or licensed by the Company during the quarter then-ended, for which it also received payment, concurrent with the delivery
of the relevant quarterly report.

As of December 31, 2024, the Company has begun
to commercialize some of the licensed technology, though the Company has not recorded any related revenue and hence has not incurred any
royalty expenses payable to the Stevens Institute.

Note 15 – Subsequent Events:

On January 7, 2025, the Company entered into securities
purchase agreements (the “January SPAs”) pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue, in a private placement (the “January
Private Placement”), an aggregate of 
8,163,266
 shares (the “January Placement Shares”) of the Company’s common
stock, par value $
0.0001
 per share, at a purchase price of $
12.25
 per share. The January SPAs required the Company to file a registration
statement registering the resale of the January Placement Shares by January 24, 2025. The Company’s Registration Statement on Form
S-1 (File No. 333-284416), to register resale of the the shares sold in this offering was filed on January 22, 2025 and became effective
on February 3, 2025. The January Private Placement resulted in gross proceeds of approximately $
100
 million before deducting placement
agent commissions and other offering expenses. The closing of the January Private Placement took place on January 9, 2025, following the
satisfaction of customary closing conditions.

Pursuant to the January SPAs, the Company has
agreed not to issue, enter into any agreement to issue, or announce the issuance or proposed issuance of any shares of common stock or
common stock equivalents, or file any registration statement or any amendment or supplement thereto, for a period of 75 days after the
closing date of the January Private Placement, subject to certain customary exceptions, without the consent of the January SPAs purchasers
and the January Placement Agent, as defined below.

F-
27

The Company also entered into a placement agency
agreement with Titan (the “January Placement Agent”), dated January 7, 2025, pursuant to which the January Placement Agent
will act as the exclusive placement agent for the Company in connection with the January SPAs. The Company agreed to pay the January Placement
Agent a cash fee of 
6
% of the gross proceeds from the January SPAs and to issue to the January Placement Agent (or its designees) 
326,531

five
-year warrants (representing 
4
% of the securities sold in the Placement), which will be exercisable beginning on July 6, 2025, and
have an initial exercise price per share of the Company’s common Stock of $
14.0875
. In addition, the Company agreed to reimburse
the January Placement Agent for up to $
100,000
 of its fees and expenses in connection with the January SPAs.

As a condition of the January SPAs, the Company’s
directors and executive officers entered into Lock-Up Agreements with the Company pursuant to which they agreed for a period of 60 days
after the closing date of the January SPAs, subject to certain exceptions, not to directly or indirectly offer, sell, contract to sell,
hypothecate, pledge or otherwise dispose of, directly or indirectly, or establish or increase a put equivalent position or liquidate or
decrease a call equivalent position with respect to, any shares of the Company’s common stock or securities convertible, exchangeable
or exercisable into the Company’s common stock, that they beneficially own, hold, or thereafter acquire, or make any demand for
or exercise any right or cause to be filed a registration, including any amendments thereto, with respect to the registration of any the
Company’s common stock or common stock equivalents or publicly disclose the intention to do any of the foregoing.

On January 28, 2025, the Delaware Chancery Court
reassigned the BV Advisory appraisal action from Vice Chancellor Glasscock (following his retirement on January 15, 2025) to Vice Chancellor
Bonnie David, effective as of that date.

On January 31, 2025, the Company filed a complaint
in Delaware Chancery Court against BV Defendants (BV Advisory and its principal Keith Barksdale) asserting claims for defamation, breach
of contract, conversion, aiding and abetting conversion, and misappropriation of trade secrets based on the BV Defendants’ unauthorized
possession and dissemination of certain of the Company’s confidential and privileged documents. The Company seeks, among other relief,
injunctive relief and damages. On February 11, 2025, the Court granted the Company’s motion for temporary restraining order and
instructed the parties to negotiate an expedited case schedule. On February 13, 2025, the Court entered a stipulated case schedule that
set a trial for April 8 and 9, 2025 on the Company’s claims for conversion, aiding and abetting conversion, and misappropriation
of trade secrets.

On February 25, 2025, a class action lawsuit was
filed against the Company and certain of its current and past officers in the New Jersey District Court, by a plaintiff seeking to represent
a class of all persons who purchased the Company’s securities between March 30, 2020 and January 15, 2025, alleging violations of
Section 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The complaint alleges that the Company made false and/or misleading statements
and/or failed to disclose material information about the Company’s customers, contracts and business operations. To date the New
Jersey District Court has not certified a class or designated a lead plaintiff. The Company disputes the allegations in the complaint
and intends to vigorously defend against the claims asserted.

In February 2025, the Company entered into arbitrations
with two former consultants (two individuals) regarding forfeiture of stock options. The Company had issued stock options to the consultants
in 2020 and 2021 and terminated the former consultants’ agreements in March 2024, at which time the Company informed the former
consultants that any vested options had to be exercised within three months of the termination date, per the 2019 Plan and the 2022 Plan.
The former consultants did not exercise their vested options, and the options were duly forfeited. In December 2024, the former consultants
claimed that they still retained the right to exercise the options, which the Company rejected. The Company believes these claims are
without merit and intends to defend itself vigorously.

There are no other events of a subsequent nature
that in management’s opinion are reportable.

F-
28

http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2024#UsefulLifeTermOfLeaseMember

P2Y

http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2024#OperatingLeaseLiabilityNoncurrent

P5Y

0001758009

false

FY

0001758009

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001758009

2024-06-30

0001758009

2025-03-18

0001758009

2024-12-31

0001758009

2023-12-31

0001758009

us-gaap:SeriesAPreferredStockMember

2024-12-31

0001758009

us-gaap:SeriesAPreferredStockMember

2023-12-31

0001758009

us-gaap:SeriesBPreferredStockMember

2024-12-31

0001758009

us-gaap:SeriesBPreferredStockMember

2023-12-31

0001758009

2023-01-01

2023-12-31

0001758009

qubt:MezzanineEquityMember

2022-12-31

0001758009

us-gaap:PreferredStockMember

2022-12-31

0001758009

us-gaap:CommonStockMember

2022-12-31

0001758009

us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember

2022-12-31

0001758009

us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember

2022-12-31

0001758009

2022-12-31

0001758009

qubt:MezzanineEquityMember

2023-01-01

2023-12-31

0001758009

us-gaap:PreferredStockMember

2023-01-01

2023-12-31

0001758009

us-gaap:CommonStockMember

2023-01-01

2023-12-31

0001758009

us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember

2023-01-01

2023-12-31

0001758009

us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember

2023-01-01

2023-12-31

0001758009

qubt:MezzanineEquityMember

2023-12-31

0001758009

us-gaap:PreferredStockMember

2023-12-31

0001758009

us-gaap:CommonStockMember

2023-12-31

0001758009

us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember

2023-12-31

0001758009

us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember

2023-12-31

0001758009

qubt:MezzanineEquityMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001758009

us-gaap:PreferredStockMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001758009

us-gaap:CommonStockMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001758009

us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001758009

us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001758009

qubt:MezzanineEquityMember

2024-12-31

0001758009

us-gaap:PreferredStockMember

2024-12-31

0001758009

us-gaap:CommonStockMember

2024-12-31

0001758009

us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember

2024-12-31

0001758009

us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember

2024-12-31

0001758009

2024-10-01

2024-12-31

0001758009

2018-07-20

0001758009

us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember

2025-01-01

2025-01-31

0001758009

us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member

2024-12-31

0001758009

us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member

2023-12-31

0001758009

us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member

2024-12-31

0001758009

us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member

2023-12-31

0001758009

qubt:ServicesMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001758009

qubt:ServicesMember

2023-01-01

2023-12-31

0001758009

qubt:ServicesMember

2024-12-31

0001758009

qubt:ProductsMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001758009

qubt:ProductsMember

2023-01-01

2023-12-31

0001758009

qubt:ProductsMember

2024-12-31

0001758009

country:US

us-gaap:TransferredAtPointInTimeMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001758009

country:US

us-gaap:TransferredOverTimeMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001758009

country:US

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001758009

country:US

us-gaap:TransferredAtPointInTimeMember

2023-01-01

2023-12-31

0001758009

country:US

us-gaap:TransferredOverTimeMember

2023-01-01

2023-12-31

0001758009

country:US

2023-01-01

2023-12-31

0001758009

srt:EuropeMember

us-gaap:TransferredAtPointInTimeMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001758009

srt:EuropeMember

us-gaap:TransferredOverTimeMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001758009

srt:EuropeMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001758009

srt:EuropeMember

us-gaap:TransferredAtPointInTimeMember

2023-01-01

2023-12-31

0001758009

srt:EuropeMember

us-gaap:TransferredOverTimeMember

2023-01-01

2023-12-31

0001758009

srt:EuropeMember

2023-01-01

2023-12-31

0001758009

us-gaap:TransferredAtPointInTimeMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001758009

us-gaap:TransferredOverTimeMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001758009

us-gaap:TransferredAtPointInTimeMember

2023-01-01

2023-12-31

0001758009

us-gaap:TransferredOverTimeMember

2023-01-01

2023-12-31

0001758009

us-gaap:WarrantMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001758009

us-gaap:WarrantMember

2023-01-01

2023-12-31

0001758009

us-gaap:StockOptionMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001758009

us-gaap:StockOptionMember

2023-01-01

2023-12-31

0001758009

us-gaap:RestrictedStockMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001758009

us-gaap:RestrictedStockMember

2023-01-01

2023-12-31

0001758009

qubt:ChiefOperatingDecisionMakerMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001758009

qubt:ChiefOperatingDecisionMakerMember

2023-01-01

2023-12-31

0001758009

qubt:NonCompeteAgreementWithFounderMember

2024-12-31

0001758009

qubt:NonCompeteAgreementWithFounderMember

2023-12-31

0001758009

us-gaap:TrademarksAndTradeNamesMember

2024-12-31

0001758009

us-gaap:TrademarksAndTradeNamesMember

2023-12-31

0001758009

qubt:TechnologyAndLicensedPatentsMember

2024-12-31

0001758009

qubt:TechnologyAndLicensedPatentsMember

2023-12-31

0001758009

2021-01-01

2021-12-31

0001758009

2022-01-01

2022-12-31

0001758009

us-gaap:ComputerEquipmentMember

2024-12-31

0001758009

us-gaap:ComputerEquipmentMember

2023-12-31

0001758009

qubt:NetworkEquipmentMember

2024-12-31

0001758009

qubt:NetworkEquipmentMember

2023-12-31

0001758009

us-gaap:FurnitureAndFixturesMember

2024-12-31

0001758009

us-gaap:FurnitureAndFixturesMember

2023-12-31

0001758009

us-gaap:SoftwareDevelopmentMember

2024-12-31

0001758009

us-gaap:SoftwareDevelopmentMember

2023-12-31

0001758009

us-gaap:LeaseholdImprovementsMember

2024-12-31

0001758009

us-gaap:LeaseholdImprovementsMember

2023-12-31

0001758009

qubt:SecuredSPAMember

2024-08-06

0001758009

qubt:SecuredSPAMember

2024-08-06

2024-08-06

0001758009

qubt:StreetervilleMember

2024-08-06

0001758009

2024-08-06

2024-08-06

0001758009

qubt:StreetervilleUnsecuredNoteMember

2022-09-23

0001758009

qubt:StreetervilleUnsecuredNoteMember

2022-09-23

2022-09-23

0001758009

qubt:StreetervilleUnsecuredNoteMember

2023-01-01

2023-12-31

0001758009

qubt:StreetervilleUnsecuredNoteMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001758009

qubt:QCiNotePurchaseAgreementMember

2022-02-18

0001758009

2022-02-18

0001758009

2022-04-01

0001758009

2022-04-01

2022-04-01

0001758009

qubt:QCiNotePurchaseAgreementMember

2022-04-01

0001758009

qubt:BVAdvisoryMember

2024-12-31

0001758009

qubt:BVAdvisoryMember

2023-12-31

0001758009

qubt:BVAdvisoryPartnersLLCMember

2022-10-13

0001758009

us-gaap:SeriesBPreferredStockMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001758009

qubt:QPhotonWarrantsMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001758009

us-gaap:WarrantMember

2024-12-31

0001758009

qubt:UnissuedQPhotonSharesMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001758009

qubt:UnissuedQPhotonSharesMember

2023-01-01

2023-12-31

0001758009

qubt:UnissuedQPhotonWarrantsMember

2024-12-31

0001758009

qubt:millionwaysMember

2023-05-16

0001758009

qubt:UnsecuredPromissoryNotesMember

2023-06-06

2023-06-06

0001758009

qubt:MWAgreementMember

2023-06-06

2023-06-06

0001758009

qubt:MWNoteMember

2023-06-06

0001758009

us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember

2025-03-18

0001758009

us-gaap:SeriesAPreferredStockMember

us-gaap:PreferredStockMember

2024-12-31

0001758009

us-gaap:SeriesBPreferredStockMember

us-gaap:PreferredStockMember

2024-12-31

0001758009

us-gaap:SeriesBPreferredStockMember

us-gaap:PreferredStockMember

2023-12-31

0001758009

us-gaap:SeriesAPreferredStockMember

2021-11-17

2021-11-17

0001758009

us-gaap:SeriesAPreferredStockMember

2021-11-17

0001758009

qubt:PreferredWarrantsMember

us-gaap:SeriesAPreferredStockMember

2021-11-17

0001758009

us-gaap:SeriesAPreferredStockMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001758009

us-gaap:CommonStockMember

2024-12-31

0001758009

qubt:FalconCapitalPartnersMember

us-gaap:SeriesAPreferredStockMember

2022-06-13

2022-06-13

0001758009

qubt:FalconCapitalPartnersMember

us-gaap:CommonStockMember

2022-06-13

2022-06-13

0001758009

qubt:GreenfieldChildrenLLCMember

us-gaap:SeriesAPreferredStockMember

2023-02-09

2023-02-09

0001758009

qubt:GreenfieldChildrenLLCMember

us-gaap:CommonStockMember

2023-02-09

2023-02-09

0001758009

us-gaap:SeriesAPreferredStockMember

2024-03-19

0001758009

us-gaap:SeriesAPreferredStockMember

2024-03-19

2024-03-19

0001758009

2024-03-19

0001758009

us-gaap:SeriesAPreferredStockMember

2024-11-30

2024-11-30

0001758009

us-gaap:SeriesAPreferredStockMember

2024-12-31

2024-12-31

0001758009

qubt:AscendiantCapitalMarketsMember

us-gaap:CommonStockMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001758009

qubt:AscendiantCapitalMarketsMember

us-gaap:CommonStockMember

2023-01-01

2023-12-31

0001758009

qubt:AscendiantCapitalMarketsMember

2024-12-31

0001758009

qubt:AscendiantCapitalMarketsMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001758009

qubt:AttheMarketFacilityMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001758009

qubt:AttheMarketFacilityMember

2023-01-01

2023-12-31

0001758009

2024-11-14

0001758009

us-gaap:CommonStockMember

2024-11-14

0001758009

2024-11-14

2024-11-14

0001758009

2024-11-18

0001758009

2024-11-18

2024-11-18

0001758009

us-gaap:WarrantMember

2024-11-18

2024-11-18

0001758009

2024-12-10

0001758009

us-gaap:CommonStockMember

2024-12-10

0001758009

us-gaap:PrivatePlacementMember

2024-12-10

0001758009

2024-12-10

2024-12-10

0001758009

qubt:RegisteredDirectOfferingMember

2024-12-10

2024-12-10

0001758009

qubt:DecemberPlacementAgentMember

2024-12-10

0001758009

qubt:RegisteredDirectOfferingMember

2023-01-01

2023-12-31

0001758009

us-gaap:RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember

2023-12-31

0001758009

2022-06-16

2022-06-16

0001758009

qubt:QPhotonMergerMember

2024-12-31

0001758009

us-gaap:WarrantMember

2024-12-31

0001758009

us-gaap:WarrantMember

2023-12-31

0001758009

qubt:August182020Member

us-gaap:WarrantMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001758009

qubt:August182020Member

us-gaap:WarrantMember

2024-12-31

0001758009

qubt:June162022Member

us-gaap:WarrantMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001758009

qubt:June162022Member

us-gaap:WarrantMember

2024-12-31

0001758009

qubt:November182024Member

us-gaap:WarrantMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001758009

qubt:November182024Member

us-gaap:WarrantMember

2024-12-31

0001758009

qubt:December122024Member

us-gaap:WarrantMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001758009

qubt:December122024Member

us-gaap:WarrantMember

2024-12-31

0001758009

qubt:TwoThousandAndNineteenEquityAndIncentivePlanMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001758009

qubt:TwoThousandAndTwentyTwoEquityAndIncentivePlanMember

2022-07-05

2022-07-05

0001758009

us-gaap:CommonStockMember

2022-07-05

0001758009

qubt:TwoThousandAndTwentyTwoEquityAndIncentivePlanMember

2024-12-31

0001758009

us-gaap:StockOptionMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001758009

us-gaap:StockOptionMember

2023-01-01

2023-12-31

0001758009

us-gaap:StockOptionMember

2023-12-31

0001758009

us-gaap:RestrictedStockMember

qubt:TwoThousandAndTwentyTwoEquityAndIncentivePlanMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001758009

qubt:TwoThousandTwentyFourSBCAwardsMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001758009

qubt:TwoThousandTwentyFourSBCAwardsMember

2023-01-01

2023-12-31

0001758009

qubt:SeparationAgreementSharesMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001758009

qubt:PerformanceAndIncentiveAwardsMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001758009

qubt:TwoThousandTwentyFourSBCAwardsMember

us-gaap:CommonStockMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001758009

qubt:TwoThousandTwentyThreePerformanceBonusesMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001758009

qubt:TwoThousandTwentyFourRetentionIncentiveSharesMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001758009

qubt:SeparationAgreementSharesMember

qubt:TwoThousandTwentyFourRetentionIncentiveSharesMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001758009

qubt:SeparationAgreementSharesMember

qubt:TwoThousandTwentyFourRetentionIncentiveSharesMember

2023-01-01

2023-12-31

0001758009

qubt:TwoThousandTwentyFourPerformanceIncentiveSharesMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001758009

srt:ScenarioForecastMember

qubt:TwoThousandTwentyFourPerformanceIncentiveSharesMember

2025-01-01

2025-12-31

0001758009

qubt:TwoThousandTwentyThreeSBCAwardsMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001758009

qubt:TwoThousandTwentyThreeRetentionIncentiveSharesMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001758009

qubt:TwoThousandTwentyThreeRetentionIncentiveSharesMember

2023-01-01

2023-12-31

0001758009

qubt:TwoThousandTwentyThreeRetentionIncentiveSharesMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001758009

srt:ScenarioForecastMember

qubt:TwoThousandTwentyThreeRetentionIncentiveSharesMember

2025-01-01

2025-12-31

0001758009

srt:ScenarioForecastMember

qubt:TwoThousandTwentyThreeRetentionIncentiveSharesMember

2026-01-01

2026-12-31

0001758009

srt:ScenarioForecastMember

qubt:TwoThousandTwentyThreeRetentionIncentiveSharesMember

2027-01-01

2027-12-31

0001758009

qubt:TwoThousandTwentyThreePerformanceIncentiveSharesMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001758009

qubt:TwoThousandTwentyThreeRetentionIncentiveSharesMember

2023-01-01

2023-12-31

0001758009

qubt:TwoThousandTwentyThreeSBCAwardsMember

2023-01-01

2023-12-31

0001758009

qubt:QPhotonMergerMember

2023-01-01

2023-12-31

0001758009

qubt:QPhotonMergerMember

2023-01-01

2023-12-31

0001758009

qubt:CarriageHouseCapitalIncMember

2023-01-01

2023-12-31

0001758009

qubt:FMWMediaWorkMember

2023-01-01

2023-12-31

0001758009

2022-12-31

2022-12-31

0001758009

srt:MinimumMember

2024-12-31

0001758009

srt:MaximumMember

2024-12-31

0001758009

srt:MinimumMember

2023-12-31

0001758009

srt:MaximumMember

2023-12-31

0001758009

srt:MinimumMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001758009

srt:MaximumMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001758009

srt:MinimumMember

2023-01-01

2023-12-31

0001758009

srt:MaximumMember

2023-01-01

2023-12-31

0001758009

qubt:ZeroPointZeroZeroToOnePointZeroZeroMember

2024-12-31

0001758009

qubt:OnePointZeroZeroToTwoPointZeroZeroMember

2024-12-31

0001758009

qubt:TwoPointZeroZeroToThreePointZeroZeroMember

2024-12-31

0001758009

qubt:ThreePointZeroZeroToSixPointZeroZeroMember

2024-12-31

0001758009

qubt:SixPointZeroZeroToEightPointZeroZeroMember

2024-12-31

0001758009

qubt:EightPointZeroZeroToTwelvePointZeroZeroMember

2024-12-31

0001758009

us-gaap:RestrictedStockMember

2022-12-31

0001758009

us-gaap:RestrictedStockMember

2023-01-01

2023-12-31

0001758009

us-gaap:RestrictedStockMember

2023-12-31

0001758009

us-gaap:RestrictedStockMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001758009

us-gaap:RestrictedStockMember

2024-12-31

0001758009

us-gaap:ResearchAndDevelopmentExpenseMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001758009

us-gaap:ResearchAndDevelopmentExpenseMember

2023-01-01

2023-12-31

0001758009

us-gaap:SellingAndMarketingExpenseMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001758009

us-gaap:SellingAndMarketingExpenseMember

2023-01-01

2023-12-31

0001758009

us-gaap:GeneralAndAdministrativeExpenseMember

2024-01-01

2024-12-31

0001758009

us-gaap:GeneralAndAdministrativeExpenseMember

2023-01-01

2023-12-31

0001758009

us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember

2025-01-07

2025-01-07

0001758009

us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember

2025-01-07

iso4217:USD

xbrli:shares

iso4217:USD

xbrli:shares

xbrli:pure

qubt:Employees