Item 1A. Risk Factors.
The risk factors set forth below describe what the Company believes to be the material factors, risks, and uncertainties related to our business, financial condition, and results of operations. The risks and uncertainties set forth below, as well as other factors described elsewhere in this Form 10-K or in other filings by the Company with the SEC, could adversely affect the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations. Additional risks and uncertainties that are not currently known to the Company or that are not currently believed by the Company to be material may also harm the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations.
Risks 
Related to Our Business and Operations
We have historically relied on a limited number of customers that have accounted for a significant portion of our revenues, and our results of operations could be adversely affected if we were to lose one or more of these significant customers.
We have historically relied on a limited number of customers that have accounted for a significant portion of our revenues. One customer in the DDS segment generated approximately 48% of the Company’s total revenues in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024. Another customer in the DDS segment generated approximately 10% of the Company’s total revenues in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023. No other customer accounted for 10% or more of total revenues during these periods. Further, in the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, revenues from non-U.S. customers accounted for 21% and 37%, respectively, of the Company’s revenues. We may lose one or more of these customers, or our other major customers, as a result of our failure to meet or satisfy our customer’s requirements, the completion or termination of a project or engagement, or the customer’s selection of another service provider.
In addition, the volume of work performed for our major customers may vary from year to year, and services they require from us may change from year to year. They may also request that we modify certain key terms of our agreements with them as a condition of continuing to do business with us. If the volume of work performed for our major customers varies, if the services they require from us change, or if they require price concessions, our revenues and results of operations could be adversely affected, and we may incur a loss from operations. If certain key terms of our agreements with our major customers are modified, our revenues and results of operations may be adversely affected. Our services are typically subject to customer requirements, and in many cases are terminable upon 30 to 90 days’ notice. The loss of these customers or a significant variation in the volume of work performed for these customers may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
A portion of our services is provided on a non-recurring basis for specific projects, and our inability to replace large projects when they are completed or otherwise terminated has adversely affected, and could in the future adversely affect, our revenues and results of operations.
We provide a portion of our services for specific projects that generate revenues that terminate on completion of a defined task. While we seek, whenever possible, on completion or termination of large projects, to counterbalance periodic declines in revenues with new arrangements to provide services to the same customer or others, our inability to obtain sufficient new projects to counterbalance any decreases in such work may adversely affect our future revenues and results of operations.
New acquisitions, joint ventures or strategic investments or partnerships could harm our operating results.
We may pursue acquisitions, joint ventures or engage in strategic investments or partnerships to grow and enhance our capabilities. There can be no assurance that we will successfully consummate any acquisitions or joint ventures, or realize profit from strategic investments, or achieve desired financial and operating results. Further, such activities involve a number of risks and challenges, including proper evaluation, diversion of management’s attention and proper integration with our current business. Accordingly, we might fail to realize the expected benefits or strategic objectives of any such venture we undertake. If we are unable to complete the kind of acquisitions for which we plan, we may not be able to achieve our planned rates of growth, profitability or competitive position in specific markets or services.
15

Table of Contents
Our new customers may sunset their products because of a lack of sufficient revenues or declining revenues, or a change in their business direction, and this may result in termination of our services for these customers.
As we obtain new opportunities and win new business, our customers may not generate the level of revenues that we initially anticipated at the time of signing a contract with them. Our customers may experience declining revenues with their existing products or may change their business direction. This could be due to various reasons beyond our or their control, and it could lead to termination of projects or contracts. As we normally invest in people and technology and incur other costs in anticipation of revenues, any such deviation from our expected plan or anticipated results could impact our margins and earnings.
Our success is dependent on our ability to successfully develop new services, platforms and solutions and enhance our existing services, platforms and solutions, and market acceptance of these offerings. Our success is also dependent on our ability to compete with new vendors with lean cost and flexible cost models.
The information technology and artificial intelligence (AI) industries are characterized by rapid technological change, evolving industry standards, changing customer preferences, new product and service introductions and the emergence of new vendors with lean cost and flexible cost models. Our future success will depend on our ability to successfully develop services, platforms and solutions that keep pace with changes in our addressable markets, and the acceptance of these services, platforms and solutions by our existing and target customers. We cannot guarantee that we will be successful in developing new services, platforms and solutions, addressing evolving technologies on a timely or cost-effective basis or, if these services, platforms and solutions are developed, that we will be successful in the marketplace. We also cannot guarantee that we will be able to compete effectively with new vendors offering lean cost and flexible cost models, or that products, services or technologies developed by others will not render our services, platforms and solutions non-competitive or obsolete. Our failure to address these developments could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
We operate in highly competitive markets. While we invest in developing and pursuing new services, platforms and solutions, our profitability could be reduced if these services, platforms and solutions do not yield the profit margins we expect, or if the new offerings do not generate the planned revenues.
The markets for our services, platforms and solutions are highly competitive. Some of our competitors have longer operating histories, significantly greater financial, human, technical and other resources, and greater name recognition than we do. There are relatively few barriers preventing companies from entering the markets in which we operate. As a result, new market entrants also pose a threat to our business. We also compete with in-house personnel at current and prospective customers who may attempt to duplicate our offerings using their own personnel.
We have made and continue to make significant investments towards building out new capabilities to pursue growth, including, for example, our investments in large language models. These investments increase our costs, and if these new capabilities do not yield the revenues or profit margins we expect, and we are unable to grow our business and revenue proportionately, our profitability may be reduced, or we may incur losses. If we are not able to compete effectively in the markets we serve or if we are not able to successfully develop new services, platforms and solutions, our revenues and results of operations could be adversely affected.
We depend on third-party technology in the provision of our services.
We rely upon certain software that we license from third parties, including software integrated with our internally developed software used in the provision of our services. These third-party software licenses may not continue to be available to us on commercially reasonable or competitive terms, if at all. The loss of, or inability to maintain or obtain any of these software licenses, could result in delays in the provision of our services until we develop, identify, license and integrate equivalent software. Any delay in the provision of our services could damage our business and adversely affect our results of operations. In addition, our Company utilizes third party data centers to serve our customers and generate revenue. Any disruption in the provision of services from these data centers could result in loss of revenue, customer dissatisfaction and loss of customers.
16

Table of Contents
Our Agility segment relies on third parties to provide certain content and data for our solutions. The cessation by third parties to provide their content has adversely affected, and could in the future adversely affect, our revenue and results of operations.
Our Agility segment relies on third parties to provide or make available certain data for our information databases and our news and social media monitoring service. These third parties, in the past, have restricted access to certain content and have ceased providing content, and they may not renew agreements to provide content to us or may increase the price they charge for their content. Additionally, the quality of the content provided to us may not be acceptable to us and we may need to enter into agreements with additional third parties. In the event we are unable to use or have access to such third-party content or are unable to enter into agreements with new third parties, current customers may discontinue their relationship with us, and it may be difficult to acquire new customers.
Our businesses are reliant on key employees, and we may face high attrition in our talent. We may not be able to replace displaced talent with new talent on a timely basis or with equivalent skill sets.
We are, to a considerable degree, reliant on the continuing leadership of our Chief Executive Officer and would be materially and adversely affected should he unexpectedly cease to be employed by us. In addition, our businesses are subject to fierce competition for talent, which could result in high attrition of our employees, or we may not be able to find the requisite talent to operate our businesses. A significant increase in the attrition rate among employees with specialized skills could decrease our operating efficiency and productivity. Our failure to attract, train and retain personnel with the qualifications necessary to fulfill the needs of our existing and future customers or to assimilate new employees successfully could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. In addition, fluctuations in our business may require that we lay off employees with possible negative effects on employee morale. We try to minimize these risks by actively promoting employee relationships and offering competitive salaries, but if we cannot mitigate these risks, our business and our operating performance could be adversely affected.
We operate from multiple locations and our employees are very diverse, so we have significant coordination risks.
We are headquartered in Ridgefield Park, New Jersey, just outside New York City. We primarily operate from the Philippines, India, Sri Lanka, Canada, the United Kingdom, Israel, the United States, and Germany. Our employees are geographically dispersed, as well as culturally diverse. Our personnel need to work together to successfully execute our business plans and we invest in various measures to improve coordination and teamwork. Should we fail in these efforts, our ability to execute our business plans may be adversely affected.
Our intellectual property rights are valuable and if we are unable to protect them or are subject to intellectual property rights claims, our business may be harmed.
Our intellectual property rights include certain trademarks, trade secrets, domain name registrations, and a patent. Although we take precautions to protect our intellectual property rights, these efforts may not be sufficient or effective. If we are unable to protect our intellectual property, we may experience difficulties in achieving and maintaining brand recognition.
17

Table of Contents
Disruptions in telecommunications, system failures, data corruption or virus attacks could harm our ability to execute our global resource model, which could result in customer dissatisfaction and a reduction of our revenues.
We use a distributed global resource model. Our North American workforce provides services from the U.S. and Canada, and the balance of our workforce provides services from the Philippines, India, Sri Lanka, the United Kingdom, Israel and Germany. Our global facilities are linked with a telecommunications network that uses multiple service providers. We may not be able to maintain active voice and data communication between our various facilities and our customers’ sites at all times due to disruptions in these networks, system failures, data corruption or virus attacks. Any significant failure in our ability to communicate, or the availability of our platforms, could result in a disruption in our business, which could hinder our performance, or our ability to complete customer projects on time, or provide services to our customers. This, in turn, could lead to customer dissatisfaction and have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
Even though we have implemented network security measures, our information technology systems may be vulnerable to computer viruses, cyber-attacks, break-ins and similar disruptions from unauthorized tampering or intentional and unintentional disclosure of sensitive and /or confidential personal information by employees and non-employees. Additionally, the Company may not be able to effectively identify and resolve such issues on a timely basis. The occurrence of any of the events described above could result in interruptions, delays, the loss or corruption of data, cessations in the availability of systems or liability under privacy laws or contracts, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations.
The international nature of our operations subjects us to risks inherent in doing business on an international level, any of which could increase our costs and hinder our growth.
We do business on an international level, with a major portion of our operations carried on in India, the Philippines, and Sri Lanka, in addition to our operations in Canada, Germany, Israel, the United Kingdom, and the United States, while our headquarters are in the United States and our customers are primarily located in North America and Europe. While we do not depend on significant revenues from sources internal to the Asian countries in which we operate, we are nevertheless subject to certain adverse economic factors relating to overseas economies generally, including inflation, external debt, a negative balance of trade and underemployment. In certain of the countries in which we operate, tax authorities have exercised, and may continue to exercise, significant discretionary and arbitrary powers to make tax demands or decline to refund payments that may be due to us as per tax returns. Other risks associated with our international operations and business activities include:
●
difficulties in staffing international projects and managing international operations, including overcoming logistical and communications challenges;
●
local competition, particularly in the Philippines, India and Sri Lanka;
●
imposition of public sector controls;
●
trade and tariff restrictions;
●
price or exchange controls;
●
currency control regulations;
●
foreign tax consequences;
●
data privacy laws and regulations;
●
evolving regulation of artificial intelligence;
●
intellectual property laws and enforcement practices;
18

Table of Contents
●
labor disputes and related litigation and liability;
●
limitations on repatriation of earnings; and
●
changing laws and regulations, occasionally with retroactive effect.
One or more of these factors could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
Political uncertainty, political unrest, terrorism, and natural calamities in the Philippines, India, Sri Lanka and Israel could adversely affect business conditions in those countries, which in turn could disrupt our business and adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition.
Our operations located in India, Israel, the Philippines and Sri Lanka are in countries that remain vulnerable to disruptions from political uncertainty, political unrest, terrorist acts, and natural calamities.
Any damage to our network and/or information systems would damage our ability to provide services, in whole or in part, and/or otherwise damage our operations and could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Further, political tensions and escalation of hostilities in any of these countries could adversely affect our operations in these countries and therefore adversely affect our revenues and results of operations.
While the October 2023 Hamas attack against Israel and the ensuing conflict and increased hostilities between Hezbollah and Israel and Iran and Israel has not to date negatively impacted our operations in Israel, continued or escalating conflict in the region could disrupt our operations in Israel and could have a broader impact that extends into other markets where we do business.
We are unable to predict whether acts of international terrorism, war or other military actions involving the countries in which we do business will result in any long-term commercial disruptions or if such involvement or responses will have any long-term material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition.
Terrorist attacks or a war could adversely affect our results of operations.
Terrorist attacks and other acts of violence or war could affect us or our customers by disrupting normal business practices for extended periods of time and reducing business confidence. In addition, acts of violence or war may make travel more difficult and may effectively curtail our ability to serve our customers’ needs, any of which could adversely affect our results of operations.
Our global operations expose us to risks associated with public health crises. Public health crises or outbreaks of pandemics could disrupt our operations and materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
We use a distributed global resource model, which exposes us to risks associated with public health crises, such as pandemics and epidemics. Widespread outbreaks of a pandemic have created significant global economic downturn, disrupted global trade and supply chains, adversely impacted many industries, and contributed to significant volatility in financial markets. A widespread public health crisis or an outbreak of a pandemic in one or more of the geographic areas in which we operate could affect our ability to provide services to our customers and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
We may face various risks associated with shareholder activists or shareholder demands for better performance
.
There is no assurance that we will not be subject to shareholder activism or demands. Such activities could interfere with our ability to execute our strategic plan, be costly and time-consuming, disrupt our operations, and divert the attention of management and our employees.
19

Table of Contents
Our reputation could be damaged, or our profitability could suffer if we do not meet the controls and procedures in respect of the services, platforms and solutions we provide to our customers, or if we contribute to our customers’ internal control deficiencies.
Our customers may perform audits or require us to perform audits, provide audit reports or obtain certifications with respect to the controls and procedures that we use in the performance of services for such customers, especially when we process data or information belonging to them. Our ability to acquire new customers and retain existing customers may be adversely affected and our reputation could be harmed if we receive a qualified opinion, or if we cannot obtain an appropriate certification or opinion with respect to our controls and procedures in connection with any such audit in a timely manner. Additionally, our profitability could suffer if our controls and procedures were to fail or impair our customers’ ability to comply with their own internal control requirements.
In the past we have determined that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective. If in the future we again determine that our disclosure controls and procedures are not effective, this could cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information and have a negative effect on the market prices for our common stock.
We are required to maintain disclosure controls and procedures designed to provide reasonable assurance that material information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms, and that the information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. We performed an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2024 and concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2024.
If in the future we determine that our disclosure controls and procedures are ineffective, it could restrict our ability to access the capital markets, require significant resources to correct, subject us to fines, penalties or judgments, harm our reputation or otherwise cause a decline in investor confidence and cause a decline in the market price of our common stock.
Risks Related to Our Contracts
A portion of our revenue is generated from projects that we characterize as recurring in nature. Projects that we characterize as recurring are nevertheless subject to termination.
Our operating performance is materially dependent on the continuation of these projects. However, we are exposed to the risks that these projects may not be renewed by our customers or they could be terminated by our customers and we may not be able to replace these terminated projects with new recurring projects with similar profitability or customers may ask for a price reduction, which could adversely affect our revenue and results of operations.
Our solutions for the Agility segment are sold pursuant to subscription agreements, and if subscription customers elect either not to renew these agreements, or to renew these agreements for less expensive services, our revenues and results of operations will be adversely affected.
Our Agility segment derives its revenues primarily from subscription arrangements. Our customers may choose not to renew subscription agreements when they expire or may renew them at lower prices or for a significantly narrower scope of work. If large numbers of existing subscription customers do not renew these agreements or renew these agreements on terms less favorable to us, and if we cannot replace or supplement those non-renewals with new subscription agreements generating the same or greater levels of revenue, our revenues and results of operations will be adversely affected.
20

Table of Contents
If our customers are not satisfied with our services, they may terminate our contracts with them or our services and we may suffer reputational damage, which could have an adverse impact on our business.
Our business model depends in large part on our ability to attract additional work from our base of existing customers. Our business model also depends on the relationships our account teams develop with our customers so that we can understand our customers’ needs and deliver solutions and services that are tailored to those needs. If a customer is not satisfied with the quality of work performed by us, or with the type of services or solutions delivered, then we could incur additional costs to address the situation, the profitability of that work might be impaired, and the customer’s dissatisfaction with our services could damage our ability to obtain additional work from that customer. In particular, customers who are not satisfied might seek to terminate existing contracts, which could mean that we could incur costs for the services performed with no associated revenue upon termination of a contract. This could also direct future business to our competitors. In addition, negative publicity related to our customer services or relationships, regardless of its accuracy, may further damage our business by affecting our reputation and our ability to compete for new contracts with current and prospective customers.
Risks Related to Financial Performance or General Economic Conditions
Debt under our Revolving Credit Facility has a variable rate of interest that is based on SOFR which may have consequences for us that cannot be reasonably predicted and may increase our cost of borrowing in the future.
Debt outstanding under our Revolving Credit Facility has a variable rate of interest that is based on the secured overnight financing rate (“SOFR”) which may have consequences for us that cannot be reasonably predicted and may increase our cost of borrowing in the future. The future performance of SOFR cannot be predicted based on historical performance and the future level of SOFR may have little or no relation to historical levels of SOFR. Any patterns in market variable behaviors, such as correlations, may change in the future. Hypothetical or historical performance data are not indicative of, and have no bearing on, the potential performance of SOFR.
Our Revolving Credit Facility contains restrictive covenants that may impair our ability to conduct business.
Our Revolving Credit Facility contains operating covenants and financial covenants that may in each case limit management’s discretion with respect to certain business matters. For example, the Revolving Credit Facility contains a financial covenant that requires us, on a consolidated basis, to maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio of not less than 1.10 to 1.00. As a result of these covenants and restrictions, we may be limited in how we conduct our business, and we may be unable to raise additional debt or other financing to compete effectively or to take advantage of new business opportunities. The terms of any future indebtedness we may incur could include more restrictive covenants. Failure to comply with such restrictive covenants may lead to default and acceleration under our Revolving Credit Facility and may impair our ability to conduct business. We may not be able to maintain compliance with these covenants in the future and, if we fail to do so, there are no assurances that we will be able to obtain waivers from the lender and/or amend the covenants.
A large portion of our accounts receivable is payable by one customer; the inability of this customer to pay its obligations could adversely affect our results of operations.
One customer accounts for a large percentage of our accounts receivable. If this customer was unable, or refused, for any reason, to pay our accounts receivable, our financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. As of December 31, 2024, 61% or $16.6 million of our accounts receivable was due from two customers.
In addition, we evaluate the financial condition of our customers prior to extending credit to them. We maintain specific allowances against doubtful receivables. Actual losses on customer balances could differ from those that we currently anticipate and, as a result, we might need to adjust our allowances. There is no guarantee that we will accurately assess the creditworthiness of our customers. Macroeconomic conditions could also result in financial difficulties, including limited access to the credit markets, insolvency or bankruptcy, for our customers, and, as a result, could cause customers to delay payments to us, request modifications to their payment arrangements that could increase our receivables balance, or default on their payment obligations to us. If we are unable to timely collect from our customers, our cash flows could be adversely affected.
21

Table of Contents
Quarterly fluctuations in our revenues and results of operations could make financial forecasting difficult and could negatively affect our stock price.
We have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, significant fluctuations in our quarterly revenues and results of operations. During the past eight quarters, our net income (loss) ranged from net income of approximately $17.4 million in the third quarter of 2024 to a loss of approximately $2.1 million in the first quarter of 2023.
We experience fluctuations in our revenue and results of operations as we replace and begin new projects, which may have some normal start-up delays, or we may be unable to replace a project entirely or on terms that are as attractive to us as the project that is being replaced. These and other factors may contribute to fluctuations in our results of operations from quarter to quarter.
A high percentage of our operating expenses, particularly personnel and rent, are relatively fixed in advance of any particular quarter. As a result, unanticipated variations in the number and timing of our projects, or in employee wage levels and utilization rates, may cause us to significantly underutilize our production capacity and employees, resulting in significant variations in our operating results in any particular quarter, and have resulted in losses.
Weakness in the global economy, and in particular in the United States, Europe and the United Kingdom, could negatively impact our revenue and operating results.
The United States, Europe, the United Kingdom and other economies may suffer from uncertainty, volatility, disruption, and other adverse conditions, such as inflation, and these conditions have adversely impacted and may continue to adversely impact the business community and the financial markets. Adverse economic and financial market conditions may negatively affect our customers and our markets, thereby negatively impacting our revenue and operating results. For example, weak market conditions have extended, and could continue to extend, the length of our sales cycle and cause potential customers to delay, defer, or decline to make purchases of our services, platforms, and solutions due to uncertainties surrounding the future performance of their businesses, limitations on their expenditures due to internal budget constraints, and the adverse effects of the economy on their business and financial condition. As a result, if economic and financial market conditions weaken or deteriorate, then our revenue and operating results, including our ability to grow and expand our business and operations, could be materially and adversely affected.
Pricing pressures could negatively impact our revenues and operating results.
Due to the intense competition involved in outsourcing and information technology services, we generally face pricing pressures from our customers due to competition from other companies in our markets. Our ability to maintain or increase pricing is restricted as customers generally expect to receive volume discounts or special pricing incentives as we do more business with them; moreover, our large customers may exercise pressure for discounts outside of agreed terms.
Our profitability could suffer if we are not able to maintain pricing on our existing projects and win new projects at appropriate margins. If our pricing structures do not accurately anticipate the cost and complexity of performing our services and providing our platforms and solutions, then our contracts could be unprofitable.
Our profit margin, and therefore our profitability, is dependent on the rates we are able to charge for our services, platforms and solutions measured against the costs of providing the service, platform or solution. If we are not able to maintain pricing on our existing services, platforms and solutions and win new projects at profitable margins, or if we underestimate the costs or complexities of new projects and incur losses, our profitability could suffer. The amounts we are able to recover for our services, platforms and solutions are affected by a number of factors, including competition, volume fluctuations, productivity of employees and processes, the value our customer derives from our services, platforms and solutions and general economic and political conditions.
22

Table of Contents
Furthermore, we provide services and solutions either on a time-and-materials basis or on a fixed-price basis. Our pricing is highly dependent on our internal forecasts and predictions about our projects, which might be based on limited data and could turn out to be inaccurate. If we do not accurately estimate the costs and timing for completing projects, our contracts could prove unprofitable for us or yield lower profit margins than anticipated.
We may not be able to obtain price or volume increases that are necessary to offset the effect of wage inflation and other government mandated cost increases.
We have experienced wage inflation and other government mandated cost increases in the Asian countries where we have the majority of our operations. In addition, we may experience adverse fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. These global events have put pressure on our profitability and our margins. Although we have tried to partially offset wage increases, foreign currency fluctuations and other such increases through price increases and improving our efficiency, we cannot ensure that we will be able to continue to do so in the future, which could negatively impact our results of operations.
Our international operations subject us to currency exchange fluctuations, which could adversely affect our results of operations.
Although most of our revenues are denominated in U.S. dollars, a significant portion of our revenues are denominated in Canadian dollars, Pound Sterling and Euros. In addition, a significant portion of our expenses, primarily labor expenses in the Philippines, India, Sri Lanka, Germany, Canada, the United Kingdom and Israel, are incurred in the local currencies of the countries in which we operate. For financial reporting purposes, we translate all non-U.S. denominated transactions into U.S. dollars in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (U.S. GAAP). Fluctuations in the value of these currencies relative to the U.S. dollar have in the past and could in the future continue to have a direct impact on our revenues and our results of operations.
The Philippines, India and Sri Lanka have, at times, experienced high rates of inflation, as well as major fluctuations in the exchange rate between such foreign currencies and the U.S. dollar.
We are also subject to fluctuations in exchange rates that affect the value of funds held by our foreign subsidiaries.
Although we selectively undertake hedging activities to mitigate certain of these risks, our hedging activities may not be effective and may result in losses. See Note 16, “Derivatives,” to the consolidated financial statements.
In the event that the governments of India or the Philippines or the government of another country changes its tax policies, rules and regulations, our tax expense may increase and affect our effective tax rates.
We are subject to income taxes in both the U.S. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. We are subject to the continual examination by tax authorities in India and in the Philippines, and we assess the likelihood of outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of its provision for income taxes. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the final determination of tax audits could be materially different from what is reflected in historical income tax and indirect tax provisions and accruals, and could result in a material effect on our income tax provision, indirect tax expenses, net income or cash flows in the period or periods for which that determination is made. If additional taxes are assessed, it could have an adverse impact on our financial results.
In addition, changes in the tax rates, tax laws or the interpretation of tax laws in the jurisdictions where we operate, could affect our future results of operations.
Unfavorable rulings or recoveries in tax examinations could have a material impact on the consolidated operating results of the period in which the rulings or recovery occurs.
23

Table of Contents
If tax authorities in any of the jurisdictions in which we operate contest the manner in which we allocate our profits, our net loss could be higher.
A significant portion of the services we provide to our customers are provided by our Asian subsidiaries located in different jurisdictions. Tax authorities in some of these jurisdictions have from time to time challenged the manner in which we allocate our profits among our subsidiaries, and we may not prevail in any future challenge of this type. If such a challenge were successful, our worldwide effective tax rate could increase, thereby decreasing our profitability.
The expiration or termination of our preferential tax rate incentives could adversely affect our results of operations.
Two of our foreign subsidiaries are subject to preferential tax rates. This tax incentive provides that we pay reduced income taxes with respect to those jurisdictions for a fixed period of time. An expiration or termination of these incentives could increase our worldwide effective tax rate, or increase our tax expense, thereby decreasing our net income and adversely affecting our results of operations.
Our earnings may be adversely affected if we change our intent not to repatriate our foreign earnings and profits or if such earnings and profits become subject to U.S. tax on a current basis.
A significant portion of our operations are conducted outside the U.S. Despite our access to the overseas earnings and the resulting toll charge, we intend to indefinitely reinvest the foreign earnings in our foreign subsidiaries on account of the foreign jurisdiction withholding tax that the Company has to incur on the actual remittances. Unremitted earnings of foreign subsidiaries amounted to approximately $53.9 million at December 31, 2024. If such earnings are repatriated in the future, or are no longer deemed to be indefinitely reinvested, the Company would have to accrue as a liability the applicable amount of foreign jurisdiction withholding taxes associated with such remittances.
It is unlikely that we will pay dividends.
We have not paid any cash dividends since our inception and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. We expect that our earnings, if any, will be used to finance our growth.
Risks Related to Litigation and Regulatory Matters
We are the subject of continuing litigation, including litigation by certain of our former employees and a putative class action. We are also subject to regulatory investigations.
In 2008, a judgment was rendered in the Philippines against a Philippine subsidiary of the Company that is no longer active and purportedly also against Innodata Inc., in favor of certain former employees of the Philippine subsidiary. The potential payment amount aggregates to approximately $5.6 million, plus legal interest that accrued at 12% per annum from August 13, 2008 to June 30, 2013, and thereafter accrued and continues to accrue at 6% per annum. The potential payment amount as expressed in U.S. dollars varies with the Philippine peso to U.S. dollar exchange rate. In December 2017, a group of 97 of the former employees of the Philippine subsidiary indicated that they proposed to record the judgment as to themselves in New Jersey. In January 2018, in response to an action initiated by Innodata Inc., the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey (“USDC”) entered a preliminary injunction that enjoins these former employees from pursuing or seeking recognition or enforcement of the judgment against Innodata Inc. in the U.S. during the pendency of the action and until further order of the USDC. In June 2018, the USDC entered a consent order administratively closing the action subject to return of the action to the active docket upon the written request of Innodata Inc. or the former employees, with the USDC retaining jurisdiction over the matter and the preliminary injunction remaining in full force and effect. The principal relevant cases in the Philippines are Court of Appeals Case Nos. CA-G.R. SP No. 93295 Innodata Employees Association (IDEA), Eleanor Tolentino, et al. vs. Innodata Philippines, Inc., et al., and CA-G.R. SP No. 90538 Innodata Philippines, Inc. vs. Honorable Acting Secretary Manuel G. Imson, et al. (28 June 2007), the Department of Labor and Employment National Labor Relations Commission, Republic of the Philippines (NLRC-NCR-Case No.07-04713-2002, et al., Innodata Employees Association (IDEA) and Eleanor A. Tolentino, et al. vs. Innodata Philippines, Inc., et al), and the Department of Labor and Employment Office of the Secretary of Labor and Employment, Republic of the Philippines (Case No. OS-AJ-0015-2001, In Re: Labor Dispute at Innodata Philippines, Inc.). The U.S. District Court action is Civil Action No.: 2:17-cv-13268-SDW-LDW Innodata Inc. v. Myrna C. Augustin-Simon; et al.
24

Table of Contents
In February 2024, David D’Agostino filed a putative class action captioned D’Agostino v. Innodata Inc., et al., in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey against the Company and certain of its current and former officers (the “Securities Class Action”). In October 2024, the presiding judge in the Securities Class Action appointed a lead plaintiff and approved the lead plaintiff’s choice of counsel. In January 2025, an amended Securities Class Action complaint was filed in the Securities Class Action. The complaint asserts claims under Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder, and it alleges, among other things, that the defendants made false and misleading statements regarding the Company’s artificial intelligence (“AI”) technology and services. The plaintiff seeks unspecified damages, fees, interest, and costs. The Company intends to defend itself vigorously, but the Company cannot predict the outcome of the action at this time and can give no assurance that the asserted claims will not have a material adverse effect on its financial position or results of operations.
Subsequently, in March 2024, the Company received a letter from the staff of the SEC, Division of Enforcement, requesting the Company preserve certain documents and data; in August 2024 the Company received a grand jury subpoena from the U.S. Department of Justice (“DOJ”) requesting the Company to produce certain documents; and in September 2024 the Company received a subpoena from the SEC requesting certain information. The Company believes that the SEC and DOJ requests are related to the conduct alleged in the Securities Class Action, and is cooperating with these investigations. The Company is unable to predict when these matters will be resolved or what further action, if any, the SEC or DOJ may take in connection with it.
We are also subject to various other legal proceedings and claims that have arisen in the ordinary course of business. While we believe that we have adequate reserves for the losses that we believe are probable and can be reasonably estimated, the ultimate results of legal proceedings and claims cannot be predicted with certainty.
While we currently believe that the ultimate outcome of these proceedings will not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position or overall trends in our consolidated results of operations, litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties. Substantial recovery against us in the above-referenced Philippines action could have a material adverse impact on us, and unfavorable rulings or recoveries in the putative class action or other proceedings could have a material adverse impact on the consolidated operating results of the period in which the ruling or recovery occurs. In addition, our estimate of the potential impact on our consolidated financial position or overall consolidated results of operations for the above-referenced legal proceedings could change in the future. See “Legal Proceedings”.
Risks Related to Laws and Regulations
Governmental and customer focus on data security could increase our costs of operations. In addition, any incident in which we fail to protect our customer’s information against security breaches may result in monetary damages against us, and termination of our engagement by our customer, and may adversely impact our results of operations.
Certain laws and regulations regarding data privacy and security affecting our customers impose requirements regarding the privacy and security of information maintained by these customers, as well as notification to persons whose personal information is accessed by an unauthorized third party. As a result of any continuing legislative initiatives and customer demands, we may have to modify our operations with the goal of further improving data security. The cost of compliance with these laws and regulations is high and is likely to increase in the future. Any such modifications may result in increased expenses and operating complexity, and we may be unable to increase the rates we charge for our services sufficiently to offset these increases. In addition, as part of the services we perform, we have access to confidential customer data, including personal data. As a result, we are subject to numerous laws and regulations designed to protect this information. We may also be bound by certain customer agreements to use and disclose confidential customer information in a manner consistent with the privacy standards under regulations applicable to such customers. Any failure on our part to comply with these laws and regulations can result in negative publicity and diversion of management’s time and effort and may subject us to significant liabilities and other penalties.
25

Table of Contents
If customer confidential information is inappropriately disclosed due to a breach of our computer systems, system failures or otherwise, or if any person, including any of our employees, negligently disregards or intentionally breaches controls or procedures with which we are responsible for complying with respect to such data or otherwise mismanages or misappropriates that data, we may have substantial liabilities to our customers. Any incidents with respect to the handling of such information could subject us to litigation or indemnification claims with our customers and other parties. In addition, any breach or alleged breach of our confidentiality agreements with our customers may result in termination of their engagements, resulting in associated loss of revenue and increased costs.
Our business is subject to applicable laws and regulations relating to foreign corrupt practices, the violation of which could adversely affect our operations.
We must comply with all applicable anti-bribery laws and regulations of the U.S. and other jurisdictions where we operate. For example, we are subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act of 2010 relating to corrupt and illegal payments to government officials and others. Although we have policies and controls in place that are designed to ensure compliance with these laws and regulations, it is possible that an employee or an agent acting on our behalf could fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations, and due to the complex nature of the risks, it may not always be possible for us to ascertain compliance with such laws and regulations. In such event, we could be exposed to civil penalties, criminal penalties and other sanctions, including fines or other unintended punitive actions, and we could incur substantial legal fees and related expenses. In addition, such violations could damage our business and/or our reputation. All of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results.
The legal and regulatory landscape applicable to artificial intelligence (AI) is evolving and changes to existing laws and regulations or new laws and regulations could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
We use machine learning and artificial intelligence (AI) technologies in our services, platforms and solutions, and we are making investments in expanding our artificial intelligence capabilities, including ongoing deployment and improvement of existing machine learning and AI technologies, as well as developing new product features using AI technologies, including, for example, generative AI. The laws and regulations applicable to AI continue to develop and evolve. The use of AI technologies in our services, platforms and solutions may result in new governmental or regulatory scrutiny, ethical concerns, legal liability, or other complications that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations.
Anti-outsourcing legislation, if adopted, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and impair our ability to service our customers.
The issue of outsourcing of services abroad by U.S. companies is a topic of political discussion in the U.S. While no substantive anti-outsourcing legislation has been adopted to date, given the ongoing debate over this issue, the introduction of such legislation is possible. If introduced, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected and our ability to service our customers could be impaired.
Our growth could be hindered by visa restrictions.
Occasionally, we have employees from our other facilities visit or transfer to the U.S. to meet our customers or work on projects at a customer’s site. Any visa restrictions or new legislation putting a restriction on issuing visas could affect our business.
Immigration and visa laws and regulations in the U.S. and other countries are subject to legislative and administrative changes, as well as changes in the application of standards. Immigration and visa laws and regulations can be significantly affected by political forces and levels of economic activity. Our business, results of operations and financial condition may be materially adversely affected if legislative or administrative changes to immigration or visa laws and regulations impair our ability to staff projects with our professionals who are not citizens of the country where the work is to be performed.
26

Table of Contents
New and changing corporate governance and public disclosure requirements add uncertainty to our compliance policies and increase our costs of compliance.
Changing laws, regulations and standards relating to accounting, corporate governance and public disclosure, including SEC regulations and the Nasdaq Stock Market rules, create uncertainty for companies like ours. These laws, regulations and standards may lack specificity and are subject to varying interpretations. Their application in practice may evolve over time, as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies. This could result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs of compliance as a result of revisions to such corporate governance standards.
Although we are committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance and public disclosure, and complying with evolving laws, regulations and standards, if we fail to comply with new or changed laws, regulations or standards of corporate governance, our business and reputation may be harmed.
Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments.
None.
Item 1C. Cybersecurity
Cybersecurity Risk Management and Strategy
We recognize the importance of developing, implementing and maintaining a firm cybersecurity posture to safeguard our information systems, protect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of our data and mitigate risks associated with cyber threats and attacks. 
We are ISO/IEC 27001:2022 certified and the ISO Information Security Risk Management Standard is used as a reference guide for our risk management approach. 
We have a 
designated

Chief Information Security Officer (CISO)
 who has primary responsibility for managing our cybersecurity risks. 
Our CISO has more than 28 years of experience in Information Security and holds a master’s degree in Information Technology. His in-depth knowledge and experience are instrumental in developing and executing our cybersecurity strategies.
 Our CISO is assisted by a team of Information Security Officers (ISOs) and a third-party consultant who has expertise in cybersecurity, information security risk management, and information systems audit and holds various certifications including, CISA, CISM, HITRUST Certified Common Security Framework Practitioner, QSA, and CSP.
Recognizing the inherent cybersecurity risks common to any organization, encompassing concerns such as unauthorized access to sensitive data, potential disruptions to business operations from cyber incidents, and the associated financial and reputational impacts arising from a cybersecurity breach, we have implemented comprehensive policies covering various aspects of cybersecurity and information management, including, without limitation, cyber risk management, information security practices, roles and responsibilities, access controls, cryptography, information classification, asset disposal, and vendor management. We periodically review and modify these policies to align with industry practice, trends and evolving threat landscapes. Compliance with these policies is expected from all employees and contractors.
We perform periodic assessments for identifying threats and vulnerabilities, covering relevant operational facets, and focusing on identifying, analyzing, evaluating, and treating cyber risks across business functions. Our risk assessment guidelines define risk measurement and prioritization, and consider factors such as likelihood, impact, and potential harm. Mitigation strategies are planned, covering technical and procedural measures, including incident response plans.
27

Table of Contents
Incident Response
We maintain a comprehensive incident response plan. Key components include regular updates to ensure effectiveness, employee training programs, and establishing communication channels and relevant systems for proper incident reporting and logging procedures. Communication and notification protocols are defined for 
notifying third parties such as regulatory bodies
, customers, and partners. Recovery strategies are developed for restoring normal operations, and post-incident analysis is conducted to identify lessons learned and improvements for future incident response efforts. The incident response plan also outlines procedures for prompt detection, response, and remediation efforts to minimize the impact of incidents. 
Incident materiality is assessed through a collaborative process involving key personnel within our organization. Responsibility for conducting a materiality assessment lies with our management team, in consultation with advice from our third-party cybersecurity consultant, as appropriate. The materiality assessment considers various factors, including financial impact, reputational risk, regulatory implications, and potential harm to third parties. Upon completion of the materiality assessment, the disclosure of incidents, including those related to contractual, regulatory, or technology/security aspects, is handled by designated members of our senior management team. We consult with outside counsel or experts as appropriate, including on materiality analysis and disclosure matters.
As of the fiscal year ending December 31, 2024, 
there have been no identified cybersecurity incidents that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect us
, including our business strategy, results of operations or financial condition.
Engagement of Third Parties
Recognizing the complexity and evolving nature of cybersecurity threats, we have engaged a 
third-party
 consultant to assist with evaluating and testing our risk management approach. This enables us to leverage specialized knowledge and insights in connection with our cybersecurity strategies and processes.
Strategy
To enhance our current cybersecurity posture, we continue to invest in advanced threat detection technologies, provide cybersecurity training based on the latest trends and guidance to the employees, collaborate with industry partners and regulatory bodies to stay informed about emerging threats, reinforce our cybersecurity incident response plan to align with industry-specific regulations and legal obligations, integrate threat intelligence feeds for automatic detection of any misconfigurations, security threats, and foster a collaborative, cross-functional, and accelerated approach to incident response.
Cybersecurity Governance
Our Board of Directors is aware of the critical nature of managing the risks associated with cybersecurity threats. The Board of Directors has established oversight mechanisms to ensure effective governance in managing these risks.
Board of Director Oversight
Our 
Audit Committee
 has primary responsibility for overseeing risk management, including with respect to cybersecurity. The Audit Committee monitors management’s compliance, and reports to the Board of Directors.

The CISO, who is responsible for developing our cybersecurity strategy and managing our cybersecurity risks, 
reports
 directly to the Audit Committee on these matters.
28

Table of Contents
Management’s Role
Our cybersecurity governance framework incorporates policies, procedures, regular meetings, and controls to manage and mitigate cybersecurity risks. Aligned with industry standards and regulatory requirements, the framework is overseen and regularly evaluated by our leadership team responsible for implementation. Regular risk assessments are conducted to identify and assess potential cybersecurity risks, informing the development of proactive risk mitigation strategies within the governance framework.
The governance framework is closely 
integrated
 via a structured compliance reporting framework operating across various governance levels. This framework also operates across geographic locations, with location specific compliance meetings conducted at a local management level and led by the CISO with assistance from the ISO team. This structured compliance reporting is intended to ensure that the highest levels of management are kept abreast of potential cybersecurity risks facing the Company, with the escalation of significant cybersecurity matters to the Audit Committee and ultimately to the Board of Directors, as appropriate.
Notwithstanding the extensive approach we take to cybersecurity, we may not be successful in preventing or mitigating a cybersecurity incident that could have a material adverse effect on us. While we maintain cybersecurity insurance, the costs related to cybersecurity threats or disruptions may not be fully insured. See Item 1A. “Risk Factors” for a discussion of cybersecurity risks.