Item 1. Business.
Business Overview
Innodata Inc. (Nasdaq: INOD) (including its subsidiaries, the “Company”, “Innodata”, “we”, “us” or “our”) is a leading data engineering company. Our mission is to help the world’s most prestigious companies deliver the promise of ethical, high-performing artificial intelligence (“AI”), which we believe will contribute to a safer and more prosperous world.
Innodata was founded on a simple idea: engineer the highest quality data so organizations across broad industry segments could make smarter decisions. Today, we believe that we’re delivering the highest quality data for some of the world’s most innovative technology companies to use to train the AI models of the future.
AI holds the promise that computers can perceive and understand the world, enabling products and services that would have been previously unimaginable and impossible with traditional coding. AI learns from data, and the highest-performing AI will have learned from the highest-quality data. We believe that we can contribute meaningfully by harnessing our capabilities, honed over 35 years, in collecting and annotating data at scale with consistency and high accuracy.
We’re also helping companies deploy and integrate AI into their operations and products and providing innovative AI-enabled industry platforms, helping ensure that our customers’ businesses are prepared for a world in which machines augment human activity in ways previously unimaginable.
Market Opportunities
AI Data Preparation
AI applications are 
trained
 with large quantities of data, unlike traditional computer applications that use languages such as Python and Java to tell computers what to do. AI applications 
learn
 from the data through a series of regressions. Today’s highest performing AI applications (such as OpenAI’s ChatGPT) would never have been possible to build through traditional programming.
Data science teams at some of the largest technology companies are accelerating development of generative AI technologies that produce high quality text, code, and images in response to user prompts. At their core, they rely upon large language models (LLMs), which are deep neural networks (an artificial intelligence architecture) with billions of parameters and requiring massive amounts of training data to encode the essence of human language. They require fine-tuning through supervised learning and reinforcement learning from human feedback (RLHF) to render them suitable for specialized tasks and domains, to control hallucinations (the tendency of these models to make up things on the fly), and to minimize the risk that they generate unsafe or biased results.
In addition, companies across industry verticals are seeking to develop AI-based applications for an ever-increasing variety of use cases such as self-driving cars, surveillance systems, automated medical diagnostics, digital assistants, chatbots, content moderation, robotics, fraud detection and contract review.
Developing high-quality training data is critical for the AI to perform correctly, but often requires technology and skilled human resources that data science teams lack. Moreover, developing high-quality data takes up 80% of the time for most AI and ML projects.
1
1
 Data Preparation & Labeling for AI 2020
, Cognilytica Research (Jan. 2020)
​
4

Table of Contents
Data sciences teams seek partners that can perform these data preparation functions for them at large-scale and at high quality, while using automated tools to minimize cost. As AI projects become more specialized and mission-critical and data preparation becomes increasingly complex, data science teams seek partners with deep domain knowledge and an infrastructure in which data security is assured.
We believe that Innodata is ideally situated to partner with data science teams.
In 2024, we expanded existing relationships and forged new relationships with several of the world’s large technology companies to support their efforts at building generative AI foundation models. For these companies, we are now providing or are poised to provide a range of scaled data solutions and services. Our scaled data solutions include providing instruction data sets for fine-tuning LLMs to understand prompts, to accept instruction, to converse, to apparently reason, and to perform the myriad of incredible feats that many of us have now experienced. We also provide reinforcement learning and reward modeling, services which are critical to provide the guardrails against toxic, bias and harmful responses, and model evaluation services.
For social media companies, financial services companies, and many others, we collect or create training data, annotate training data, and train AI algorithms for working with images, text, video, audio, code and sensor data.
We utilize a variety of leading third-party tools, proprietary tools and customer tools. For text annotation, we use our proprietary data annotation platform that incorporates AI to reduce cost while improving consistency and quality of output. Our proprietary data annotation platform features auto-tagging capabilities that apply to both classical and generative AI tasks. Our platform encapsulates many of the innovations we have conceived of in the course of our 35-year history of creating high-quality data.
In addition, because collecting real-world data is often impracticable (due to data privacy regulations or rarity of cohorts and outliers), we create high-quality synthetic data that maintains all of the statistical properties of real-world data, using a combination of domain specialists and machine technologies that leverage LLMs.
We are presently working with five of the largest technology companies, and several of the world’s leading brands spanning multiple verticals, to enable, accelerate or enrich the services they deliver to end users around generative AI foundation models and other AI that supports chatbot assistance, facial recognition, social networking, podcasts, legal research and medical diagnostics, to name a few.
The AI data training market is estimated to be $12.7 billion in 2024, projected to grow at a CAGR of 22% to reach $92.4 billion by 2034,
2
 essentially proxying the enormous growth expected in AI system spending overall ($632 billion by 2028, a 29% CAGR over the 2024-2028 forecast period).
3
 Similarly, the global data annotation tools market was valued at $2.02 billion in 2023, and is projected to reach $23.11  billion by 2032, which is a CAGR of 31.1%.
4
AI Model Deployment and Integration
We believe that over the next decade, almost all industries will be fundamentally reinvented through the advent of high-performing AI models. We help businesses leverage the latest AI technologies to achieve their goals. We develop custom AI models (where we select the appropriate algorithms, tune hyperparameters, train and validate the models, and update the models as required). We also help businesses fine-tune their own custom versions of our proprietary models and third-party foundation models (including LLMs) to address domain-specific and customer-specific use cases.
2

Data Labeling Solution and Services Market,
 FactMR (Apr. 2024)
3

Worldwide Artificial Intelligence Systems Spending Guide,
 IDC (Aug. 2024) 
4

Data Annotation Tools Market, Astute Analytica,
 (Nov. 2024)
5

Table of Contents
The current pace of AI innovation is accelerating. The algorithms and techniques used today will likely be obsolete in the next several years. Therefore, we have built our solutions and platforms in such a way as to enable us to incorporate new open source or proprietary software innovations.
Many of our customers provide products and solutions that require intensive text data processing and analytics. For these customers, in addition to deploying and integrating AI models, we often provide a range of data engineering support services including data transformation, data curation, data hygiene, data consolidation, data extraction, data compliance, and master data management. For many of our longest-tenured customers, we continuously innovate and deploy models into their workflows and digital operations. We provide these services discretely and in conjunction with business process management (BPM) engagements.
Our customers span a diverse range of industries and a wide range of AI use cases, benefiting from the short time-to-value and high economic returns our AI solutions and platforms offer.
The document analytics market - a subset of the overall AI market - is expected to grow at a CAGR of 43.1% from $1.99 billion in 2024 to $49.95 billion by 2033.
5
 Meanwhile, overall enterprise AI spend is projected to reach $560.74 billion by 2034, up from $14.53 billion in 2024, registering a CAGR of 44.1%.
6
AI-Enabled Industry Platforms
Our AI-enabled industry platforms address specific, niche market requirements that we believe we can innovate with AI/ML technologies. We deploy these industry platforms as software-as-a-service (SaaS) and as managed services. These platforms benefit from our technology infrastructure, our industry-specific knowledge, our strong customer relationships and experience merging technology with the business processes of our customers. To date, we have built an industry platform for medical records data extraction and transformation (which we brand as “Synodex
®
”) and an industry platform for public relations (which we brand as “Agility PR Solutions”). We are in development with an additional AI-enabled industry platform to serve financial services institutions.
Our Synodex industry platform transforms medical records into useable digital data organized in accordance with our proprietary data models or customer data models. At the end of 2024, we had 15 customers utilizing our Synodex platform. As we further integrate AI into the platform, we aim to address the needs of the healthcare sector, which is increasingly seeking to search, analyze, and interpret vast volumes of patient data, improve clinical documentation and make computer-assisted coding more efficient. The global artificial intelligence (AI) in healthcare market is forecast to reach a market size of $173.55 billion by 2029, up from $16.3 billion in 2022, a CAGR of 40.2%.
7
Our Agility industry platform provides marketing communications and public relations professionals with the ability to target and distribute content to journalists and social media influencers world-wide and to monitor and analyze global news (print, web, radio and TV) and social media. Agility is now ranked by software review site G2 Crowd as meeting the requirements of customers better than its two largest competitors that have combined revenues of over $1 billion.
8
 Agility operates in the $10.57 billion media intelligence and PR software market.
9
5

Document Analysis Market Report Overview,

Business Research Insights
 (Feb. 2025)
6

Enterprise Artificial Intelligence (AI) Market,

Precedence Research
 (Nov. 2024)
7

Artificial Intelligence In Healthcare Market,

Binariks
. (Aug. 2024) 
8
 https://469676.fs1.hubspotusercontent-na1.net/hubfs/469676/Agility%20PR%20Solutions/G2/AgilityPRSolutions-G2Comparison-Feb-21-2025-1.pdf
9

Media Intelligence and PR Software Market Size and Forecast,

Verified Market Research
, (Mar. 2024)
​
6

Table of Contents
The Company’s operations are presently classified and reported in three reporting segments: Digital Data Solutions (DDS), Synodex and Agility.
Competitive Strengths
Our Data Quality
We believe we achieve industry-leading data quality by leveraging our technology, our large staff of human experts, and the culture we have built over many years of providing high-quality data to the most demanding customers.
For the past nine years, we have been designing and refining our approach for combining human experts and AI to produce large-scale, highly accurate data. In our approach, AI networks automatically perform much of the required processing and human experts perform processing that the AI cannot perform at a high level of confidence. The human output is fed back into the AI networks, which, as a result, “learn” and become “smarter” over time, achieving progressively greater levels of automation while maintaining the highest levels of quality. (
See “Our Technology”, below.
)
Our 6,000+ experts have deep domain knowledge in a wide diversity of data domains. They are selected on the basis of data acumen, analytical ability, and deep domain proficiency. (
See “Our Global Delivery Framework”, below.
) 
Our culture of quality is critical to achieving and sustaining high data quality. Our culture has been cultivated over our decades of experience performing data-related tasks for leading global companies, including the four largest global information companies with which we have 10-plus year relationships building and maintaining many of their leading data products.
We maintain independent quality assurance centers that comply with the ISO 9001:2008 quality management system standards.
Our Global Delivery Framework
We have over 6,000 employees and associates across 31 countries. Many of them have data domain expertise in various fields, including law, sciences, health, finance, and technology and hold advanced degrees. We also have access to a large population of remote staff and freelancers that we maintain in our databases. Our delivery locations are strategically located to give us access to a diverse talent base spanning multiple time zones and more than 40 languages.
We have also invested in building a proprietary resource management platform geared specifically to managing remote staff and freelancers. Prior to the global pandemic, our operating model was to almost exclusively use full-time employees working from large production centers. Propelled by the need to shift to remote working, we are presently approximately 75% cloud-based and remote, which has enabled us to lower fixed operating costs and achieve greater scalability. 
Our Technology
Over the past nine years, we have built a technology infrastructure that automates complex data annotation and other data engineering tasks. Our technology infrastructure combines advanced dataflow, orchestration and cognitive processing, and purpose-built applications used by human experts, which we refer to as “workbenches”. This infrastructure enables us to perform data annotation and other data engineering tasks at progressively higher levels of efficiency without compromising quality as it continuously learns from human experts. 
Our workbenches incorporate data verification and validation algorithms to detect human expert inconsistencies and to catch difficult auto-annotation errors such as LLM hallucinations.
7

Table of Contents
Our proprietary, state-of-the-art Goldengate platform is our core AI technology stack. Goldengate ingests unstructured data and performs a series of cognitive tasks to extract intelligence and create analytical data that people can use for generating inferences and powering analytical applications. It serves up low-code AI with transfer learning, orchestrating generative LLMs and deep learning-based sequence labeling models we have developed over the past nine years of deploying industrial deep neural networks as well as third-party foundation models. It integrates both with our internal systems and customer environments through application programming interfaces (“APIs”).
Today, Goldengate serves as the foundational technology for certain of the AI projects we perform for customers, as well as the AI-under-the-hood that powers our data annotation, document intelligence and regulatory change management platforms. One of the main benefits of the platform is that it is “low-code”, so it does not require a large number of data scientists to build models or require a data science platform to orchestrate models and update models. Using Goldengate in combination with our SMEs, we are able to build high-performing, cutting-edge models that address real-world problems.
To support our Agility industry platform, we have built a fully scalable, cloud-based infrastructure that powers a SaaS experience for global customers on a 24/7 basis. It includes (i) an AI/ML-powered big data media intelligence platform that indexes two billion media items per year, powering media monitoring, media enrichment, and media database APIs; (ii) a full targeting workflow platform that integrates media targeting, content curation, content distribution, integrated newswires, and a newsroom; (iii) a comprehensive database of more than one million global media influencers and journalists; (iv) a media monitoring and analytics engine; and (v) a workflow platform for media database research combining AI and machine learning to streamline research workflows for discovery and maintenance of our database.
In January 2023, we released a module within our Agility product called PR CoPilot™ that augments the work communications professionals do to generate press releases and media outreach. It leverages proprietary Innodata technology and OpenAI’s GPT large language models. We believe PR CoPilot is the first AI writing assistant built natively into a fully-integrated PR platform.
To support our Synodex industry platform, we have built technologies for transforming imaged medical records and HL7/FHIR electronic health records (EHR) systems into digital data conforming to proprietary insurance medical data dictionaries that span diseases and impairments, diagnostic tests, and pharmacology and support industry standard codes such as ICD-10 as well as rules engines for processing, analyzing and displaying the digital data.
Our Infrastructure
Our infrastructure supports a range of strategies to suit our customers’ requirements for data security, compliance, scalability and reliability. Our user endpoints are secured with cloud-managed security solutions consisting of firewall, IDS/IPS, vulnerability scanning and patch management engines. We host data and applications in our own data centers at our operations centers, in our customers’ data centers, and on third-party cloud services including Amazon Web Services (“AWS”), Microsoft Azure (“Azure”), Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (“OCI”), and Google Cloud Platform (“GCP”) that provide the benefit of “infinite scalability” of information technology resources. Our data operations are linked by multiple redundant network connections. Our Wide Area Network – along with our Local Area Networks, Storage Area Networks, Network Attached Storage and data centers – are configured with industry standard redundancy, often with more than one backup to establish 24x7 availability. In 2024, our Wide Area Network had 99.90% uptime excluding scheduled maintenance. We encrypt all sensitive information, both at rest and in transit, to the Advanced Encryption Standard (AES) 256 or similar standard, and we employ a range of security features, including industry-leading managed firewalls, intrusion detection and prevention services. 
(See “Information Security”, below.)
8

Table of Contents
Our Breadth of Capabilities
We are able to address customers at their highest point of need. For example, we may provide data annotation for a data sciences team at a bank that is building an AI application to manage complex loan agreements. For another banking customer with the same requirement but without access to sophisticated data sciences support, we might provide a full AI/ML solution built on our proprietary Goldengate AI platform that extracts key data points from the loan agreements and outputs normalized digital data via an API to the bank’s existing application. For still another banking customer that also lacks an application to analyze and manage the data, we might provide a data analytics platform.
Data science teams that utilize our data annotation services also often have other related needs that include data transformation, data curation, data hygiene, data consolidation, data compliance, and master data management. Unlike many of our data annotation competitors – that are essentially staffing companies – as a full-service data engineering company we are able to address these attendant requirements.
Our Legacy
We developed our capabilities and honed our approaches progressively over the last 35 years creating high-quality data for many of the world’s most demanding information companies. Approximately nine years ago, we formed Innodata Labs, a research and development center, to research, develop and apply machine learning and emerging AI to our large-scale, human-intensive data operations. In 2019, we began packaging the capabilities that emerged from our R&D efforts in order to align with several fast-growing new markets and help companies use AI/ML to drive performance benefits and business insights.
Our historical core competency in high-quality data, combined with these R&D efforts in applied AI, created the foundation for the evolution of our offerings, which include AI Data Preparation, AI Model Deployment and Integration, and AI-Enabled Industry Platforms.
Our Culture
We have developed a strong customer- and quality-centric culture over 35 years serving many of the world’s most successful companies that trust us with their data needs. We believe in communicating honestly, transparently and broadly. We are optimistic in the promise of technology to augmenting human initiative and talent.  We embrace diversity and prize empathy and respect in our relationships with customers and colleagues alike, while at the same time, honing direct communication that best promotes optimal business outcomes for our customers. We believe our culture helps us best serve our customers and helps us attract and retain top people.
Growth Strategy
We believe that

we are living in a unique time – that AI will soon become the “brains” of our computers, our robots and our cars; and that AI will be adopted by thousands of enterprises to deliver services and products that would have been impossible with traditional coding.
In AI, the software writes itself by learning from large amounts of data. Nowhere does the phrase “garbage in, garbage out” apply better. A data-centric approach for collection and annotation of consistent, high-quality data will separate the winners from the losers.
Our strategy

for growth is to leverage our 35+ year experience creating high quality data. We intend to align to and serve large, dynamic and rapidly growing markets related to the creation and commercialization of increasingly sophisticated AI and deployment of AI in businesses. Our solutions and platforms leverage the technology, human resources, and culture of fanaticism for data quality that we have developed over the past 35 years, as well as the AI/ML research and development we have invested in over the past nine years.
9

Table of Contents
Key elements of our growth strategy include:
Driving New Customer Acquisition
We believe we are still in the early stages of penetrating our addressable markets. We intend to pursue new long-term, strategic customer relationships, especially with customers with large and growing commitments to AI innovation, where we can deliver a wide range of our capabilities and have meaningful impact.
We are focused on hiring and retaining sales talent and in building a data-driven sales organization. We believe that the current sales organization is operating well and will likely enable us to achieve our near-term growth targets.
Expanding Relationships with Existing Customers
We believe we have demonstrated a clear ability to “land-and-expand” within customer accounts. Once we engage with a customer within a specific line of business and specific use cases, and the customer experiences the benefits of working with us, it will often increase the number of use cases for which it engages us and expand to additional lines of business.
Continuing to Develop New Capabilities
We intend to develop new capabilities designed around emerging customer needs and advances in AI technologies. We intend to develop additional charter customer relationships, like the ongoing relationship we formed with one of the world’s largest banks to co-develop an AI-enabled compliance platform.
Continuing to Innovate
We believe that our ability to innovate will continue to be an important contributor to our growth and market traction. We work closely with our customers, assessing their requirements for enhancements to our existing capabilities and new capabilities with the goal of better serving them. We have well-defined roadmaps for our AI industry platforms to introduce new features and functions that we believe will enable us to generate growth by broadening the appeal of our platforms to potential new customers as well as increasing the opportunities for further expansions with existing customers.
We expect to fund these investments for growth from our internal resources and we may access capital through debt or equity financing.
Our Customers
Our customers include leading businesses across multiple verticals including banking, insurance, financial services, technology, digital retailing and information/media. One customer in the DDS segment generated approximately 48% of the Company’s total revenues in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024. Another customer in the DDS segment generated approximately 10% of the Company’s total revenues in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023. No other customer accounted for 10% or more of total revenues during these periods. Further, in the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, revenues from non-U.S. customers accounted for 21% and 37%, respectively, of the Company’s revenues
.
We have long-standing relationships with many of our customers. Our track record of delivering high-quality services helps us to solidify customer relationships. Many of our customers are recurring customers, meaning that they have continued to provide additional projects to us after our initial engagement with them.
Our agreements with our customers are in many cases terminable on 30 to 90 days’ notice. A substantial portion of the services we provide to our customers is subject to their requirements.
10

Table of Contents
Sales and Marketing
We market and sell our solutions and platforms directly through our professional staff, senior management and direct sales personnel operating primarily from various locations in the U.S., Canada, the United Kingdom and Europe. In addition, we are increasingly developing and expanding our use of strategic partnerships and channel relationships for the establishment and development of new and existing customers.
In addition to our executive-level business development professionals and sales and marketing personnel, we also deploy solutions architects, technical support experts and consultants who support the development of new customers and new customer engagements. These resources work within teams (both permanent and ad hoc) that provide support to customers.
Our marketing department and sales professionals work together to generate leads. Our sales professionals identify and qualify prospects, securing direct personal access to decision makers at existing and prospective customers. They facilitate interactions between customer personnel and our service teams to define ways in which we can assist customers with their goals. For each prospective customer engagement, we assemble a team of our senior employees drawn from various disciplines within our Company. The team members assume assigned roles in a formalized process, using their combined knowledge and experience to understand the customer’s goals and collaborate with the customer on a solution.
Our marketing organization is responsible for developing and increasing the visibility and awareness of our brand and our service offerings, defining and communicating our value proposition, generating qualified, early-stage leads and furnishing effective sales support tools.
As part of our marketing strategy, we partner with media organizations to build awareness, establish a reputation as an industry thought leader and generate leads. Media partners include trade associations and publications, trade show producers and consulting organizations. These partnerships are particularly valuable in enterprise industries as we build our presence among digital content leaders and decision makers.
Primary marketing outreach activities include content marketing, event marketing (including exhibiting at trade shows, virtual summits, conferences and seminars), direct and database marketing, public and media relations (including speaking engagements), and web marketing (including integrated marketing campaigns, search engine optimization, search engine marketing and the maintenance and continued development of external websites).
Sales activities include lead generation, nurturing leads, engaging in discussions with prospective customers to understand their needs, demonstrating our products, designing solutions, responding to requests for proposals, and managing account and customer relationships and activities.
Personnel from our solutions analysis group, our customer services group and our engineering services group closely support our direct sales effort. These individuals assist the sales force in understanding the technical needs of customers and providing responses to these needs, including demonstrations, prototypes, pricing quotations and time estimates. In addition, account managers from our customer service group support our direct sales effort by providing ongoing project-level support to our customers.
Competition
Major competitors across industry verticals include Appen, CloudFactory, Surge AI, Invisible Technologies, Turing Defined Crowd, Deepen.ai, Telus, Samasource, and Scale AI, several of which are large firms with established customer bases, as well as technology service providers such as Cognizant Technology Solutions, ExlService Holdings, Inc., Genpact Limited, Infosys, and Tata Consultancy Services.
11

Table of Contents
We compete by offering high-quality, competitively-priced solutions that leverage our technical platforms, IT infrastructure, offshore domain experts and economies of scale. Our competitive advantages are especially attractive to customers for undertakings that are complex, mission-critical, sizable in scope or scale, or that require high levels of information security. 
Each of our industry platforms has its discrete set of competitors. Major competitors for our Synodex industry platform are Risk Righter, eNoah, Digital Owl, Human API, EIS, Release Point, Claretto, Parameds and a few BPO companies, several of which are large firms with established customer bases. We also compete with in-house personnel at existing or prospective customers who may attempt to duplicate our services in-house or use alternative approaches to fulfill their needs
Our Agility industry platform competes with Meltwater, Cision, Muck Rack, Onclusive, and Intrado, several of which are large firms with established customer bases, as well as PR firms that provide media monitoring and analysis services and journalist and influencer databases. Our competitors also include social media listening companies and start-ups offering platforms to amplify messages by targeting social media influencers.
Intellectual Property
We depend, in part, upon our proprietary technologies and methodologies, including our Goldengate AI platform, various applications of our platforms, our proprietary data models and other intellectual property rights. We have a patent and believe that the duration of this patent is adequate relative to the expected life of its application. We rely on a combination of trade secret, license, nondisclosure and other contractual agreements and copyright and trademark laws to protect our intellectual property rights. 
We enter into confidentiality agreements with our employees, contractors and customers, and limit access to and distribution of our proprietary information and that of our customers. We cannot assure that these arrangements will be adequate to deter misappropriation of our proprietary information or that we will be able to detect unauthorized use and take appropriate steps to enforce our intellectual property rights.
Information Security
Our operations facilities in Asia and our New Jersey, USA facility are certified to information security management standard - ISO 27001:2022. We maintain a multi-layered security approach, implementing a wide range of security controls, including, but not limited to, two-factor authentication for enhanced access security, centralized patch management for timely software updates and security fixes, full-disk encryption for mobile and sensitive endpoints, advanced anti-virus protection with integrated firewall and IDS/IPS capabilities, and next-generation firewalls with intrusion detection and prevention systems (IDS/IPS) at the perimeter network layer to protect information assets and monitor network traffic.
For handling personally identifiable information covered by HIPAA, we utilize U.S.-based, co-located data centers or HIPAA-compliant cloud infrastructure that incorporate AES-256 encryption (or equivalent) to secure data at rest and in transit. Our security posture is audited annually.
Government Regulation
We are subject to a number of U.S. federal and state and foreign laws and regulations that relate to our business, including those governing privacy and data protection. We comply with the requirements of the United States Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 as amended (including by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Data (HITECH)) (HIPAA), the United Kingdom’s General Data Protection Regulation as tailored by the Data Protection Act 2018, the EU General Data Protection Regulation, and local laws regulating data privacy, as applicable.
12

Table of Contents
Research and Development
Our Innodata Labs researches and develops AI-based technologies that we utilize in our operations and with our customers. The Innodata Labs team is comprised of data scientists, including data scientists who have published leading papers on discrete topics in data science and have earned PhD degrees in fields such as data entity extraction.
Our product engineering teams also engage in research and development efforts focused on enhancing the functionality and utility of our AI industry platforms, addressing new use cases and developing additional innovative technologies. Timely development of new functionality to support existing and new use cases is essential to maintaining our competitive position, and we release new versions of our software on a regular basis.
Customer feedback enables us to ensure that we stay aligned to our customers’ priorities and that we stay ahead of market needs. Our culture of innovation helps us attract and retain a highly motivated and talented team of AI experts and technologists. Our research and development center spans several geographical locations across North America and Asia-Pacific.
In mid-2022, we formed an Advisory Board dedicated to helping drive growth through innovation initiatives and advancing dialogue related to ethical AI and the future of AI technologies. A Chief Data Officer for Microsoft currently serves as our only Advisory Board member. We will likely consider adding additional members to our advisory board from time to time.
Environmental, Social, and Governance
We have built a robust corporate ESG program focused on social responsibility; improving how we perform as a steward of the environment; and sustainability.
Social Responsibility
We are inspired by the vision of fostering a future of broadly distributed, sustainable prosperity that can result from ethical AI and broad access to the benefits of AI. We launched our i-Hope Program in 2016 to help children in marginalized or economically disadvantaged communities face the challenges of an increasingly AI-driven world. Our goal of delivering the gift of computer literacy to 25,000 children by 2025 was achieved ahead of schedule in the third quarter of 2023.  As a part of this initiative, one of our operating subsidiaries handed over a smart classroom, an ideation room, and an open library (with over 80,000 books) to a publicly-funded higher education institution in the Philippines.
Since 2016 we have contributed over 3,700 person-days to this and other Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) programs. We have built and made operational 24 fully functional computer labs and smart classrooms across India, Sri Lanka, and the Philippines. As a result, approximately 42,500 children have become more technology-proficient and better equipped to seize opportunities in the AI era.
Our contributions have been well-recognized. Examples of award recognition received in 2024 through our operating subsidiaries include: for the fourth time, the Circle of Excellence Award for CSR Company of the Year at the Asia CEO Awards-2024; the Best Environmental Responsibility Initiative; Innovation in CSR Practices; Women Empowerment Initiative from National CSR Leadership Congress & Awards; and Sustainable Diversity, Equality, and Inclusion award from the World Sustainability Congress.
Environmental Stewardship
We are also committed to conducting our business in an environmentally responsible manner that supports global efforts to mitigate climate change. By implementing practices that minimize our carbon footprint, conserve resources, and promote sustainability, we aim to be a positive force for the environment.
13

Table of Contents
We monitor and target reductions in greenhouse gas emissions, energy consumption, and water usage for our production facilities. This data-driven approach has enabled us to improve our sustainability initiatives and share emissions data (Scopes 1, 2, and 3) with our customers.
Across all our global operations, we recycle e-waste and paper. In India, the Philippines, and Sri Lanka, we actively support grass-roots environmental conservation initiatives in the communities in which we operate. In 2024, we planted over 5,800 saplings and seedlings in nature reserves, bringing our cumulative total to over 11,800 since 2018. This initiative includes follow-up practices to ensure the saplings receive proper care during the critical early growth phases, improving the saplings’ long-term survival rates.
Sustainability
Our sustainability program is based on the following core elements: health and safety, business continuity management, information security, labor standards, anti-bribery and corruption, management engagement and social impact. Our sustainability program is backed by ISO 27001:2022 (information security) certification, policies, and employee training for these core areas.
Employees
As of December 31, 2024, we employed 6,648 employees, 6,597 of which were full-time. Many of our employees hold advanced degrees in specialized fields such as law, business, technology, medicine, and social sciences. No employees are currently represented by a labor union, and we believe that our relations with our employees are satisfactory.
Corporate Offices
Our principal executive offices are located at 55 Challenger Road, Ridgefield Park, New Jersey 07660, just outside New York City, and our telephone number is (201) 371-8000. 
We were founded in 1988.
Our website is www.innodata.com; information contained on our website is not included as a part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. There we make available, free of charge, our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file that material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). Our SEC reports can be obtained through the Investor Relations section of our website or from the SEC at www.sec.gov.
​
​
14

Table of Contents