Item 3.
Legal Proceedings
26
Item 4.
Mine Safety Disclosures
26
PART II
Item 5.
Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
27
Item 6.
[Reserved]
28
Item 7.
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
28
Item 7A.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
44
Item 8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
44
Item 9.
Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
44
Item 9A.
Controls and Procedures
45
Item 9B.
Other Information
47
PART III
Item 10.
Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance
47
Item 11.
Executive Compensation
47
Item 12.
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
47
Item 13.
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
47
Item 14.
Principal Accounting Fees and Services
47
PART IV
Item 15.
Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules
48
Signatures
85
Table of Contents
Forward-Looking Statements
For purposes of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the terms “ACI,” “ACI Worldwide,” the “Company,” “we,” “us,” and “our” refer to ACI Worldwide, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. This report contains forward-looking statements based on current expectations that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Generally, forward-looking statements do not relate strictly to historical or current facts and may include words or phrases such as “believes,” “will,” “expects,” “anticipates,” “intends,” and words and phrases of similar impact. The forward-looking statements are made pursuant to safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended.
Forward-looking statements in this report include, but are not limited to, statements regarding future operations, business strategy, business environment, key trends, and, in each case, statements related to expected financial and other benefits. Many of these factors will be important in determining our actual future results. Any or all of the forward-looking statements in this report may turn out to be incorrect. They may be based on inaccurate assumptions or may not account for known or unknown risks and uncertainties. Consequently, no forward-looking statement can be guaranteed. Actual future results may vary materially from those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements, and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. In addition, we disclaim any obligation to update any forward-looking statements after the date of this report, except as required by law.
All forward-looking statements in this report are expressly qualified by the risk factors discussed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). The cautionary statements in this report expressly qualify all of our forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, those discussed in our 
Risk Factors
 in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K. 
Trademarks and Service Marks
ACI, ACI Worldwide, ACI Payments, Inc., ACI Pay, Speedpay, and all ACI product/solution names are trademarks or registered trademarks of ACI Worldwide, Inc., or one of its subsidiaries, in the United States, other countries or both. Other parties' trademarks referenced are the property of their respective owners.
1
Table of Contents
PART I