ITEM 3.    LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements--Note 11 Commitments and Contingencies: Legal Proceedings in Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
ITEM 4.    MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES
Not applicable.
65
Table of Contents
PART II
ITEM 5.    MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
Market Information
Our common stock is listed for quotation on the Nasdaq Global Market under the trading symbol “TVTX” and is part of the Nasdaq Biotechnology Index (Nasdaq: NBI). 
As of February 18, 2025, we had approximately 173 holders of record of our common stock.
Performance Graph
The following is not deemed “filed” with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing we make under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, whether made before or after the date hereof and irrespective of any general incorporation by reference language in such filing.
Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Market and is a component of both the Nasdaq Composite Index and the Nasdaq Biotechnology Index. The total return for our common stock and for each index assumes the reinvestment of dividends, although dividends have never been declared on our common stock, and is based on the returns of the component companies weighted according to their capitalizations as of the end of each monthly period. The Nasdaq-Composite tracks the aggregate price performance of equity securities of companies traded on the Nasdaq National Market. The Nasdaq Biotechnology Index contains securities and tracks the aggregate price performance of equity securities of Nasdaq-listed companies classified according to the Industry Classification Benchmark as either Biotechnology or Pharmaceuticals which also meet other eligibility criteria. The comparisons shown in the graph are based upon historical data and we caution that the stock price performance shown in the graph is not indicative of, nor intended to forecast, the potential future performance of our stock.
66
Table of Contents
Dividends
Since inception we have not paid any dividends on our common stock. We currently do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future on our common stock. Although we intend to retain our earnings, if any, to finance the exploration and growth of our business, our Board of Directors will have the discretion to declare and pay dividends in the future. Payment of dividends in the future will depend upon our earnings, capital requirements and other factors which our Board of Directors may deem relevant.
ITEM 6.    [RESERVED]