ITEM 1.     BUSINESS
Those statements in the following discussion that are not historical in nature should be considered forward-looking statements that are inherently uncertain. Actual results and the timing of the events may differ materially from those contained in these forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, including those discussed in the “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” and “Risk Factors” set forth elsewhere in this Annual Report.
Overview
We are a biopharmaceutical company headquartered in San Diego, California, focused on identifying, developing and delivering life-changing therapies to people living with rare kidney and metabolic diseases. Our approach centers on advancing our innovative pipeline with multiple late-stage clinical programs targeting rare diseases with significant unmet medical needs. 
In September 2024, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (the FDA) granted full approval to our lead development program, 
FILSPARI (sparsentan), which is indicated 
to slow kidney function decline in adults with primary IgAN who are at risk of disease progression. IgAN is a rare progressive kidney disease and the most common type of primary glomerulonephritis worldwide. 
FILSPARI had previously been granted accelerated approval in February 2023 based on the surrogate marker of proteinuria. Full approval was based on positive long-term confirmatory results from the PROTECT Study demonstrating that FILSPARI significantly slowed kidney function decline over two years compared to irbesartan. 
Sparsentan is also in late-stage development for FSGS. FSGS is a rare kidney disease and leading cause of kidney failure with no approved treatment options. 
In February 2025, we announced that we had completed a Type C meeting with the FDA and that we plan to submit an sNDA around the end of the first quarter of 2025 seeking traditional approval of FILSPARI for FSGS.
 We are also advancing pegtibatinase, a novel investigational enzyme replacement therapy for the treatment of HCU, a genetic disorder caused by a deficiency in a pivotal enzyme essential to the body. W
e are conducting a pivotal Phase 3 study to support the potential approval of
 pegtibatinase as the first disease modifying therapy for HCU. In addition, we continue to evaluate potential opportunities to expand our pipeline and approved products through licenses and acquisitions of products in areas that will serve rare disease patients with serious unmet medical need and that we believe offer attractive growth characteristics. Our research and development efforts are at the forefront of our mission to address the unmet needs of patients and we support this innovation by reinvesting revenues from our commercialized products. We are committed to ensuring broad access and educational and diagnostic support for patients. 
Our Strategy
Our vision is to become a leading biopharmaceutical company dedicated to the delivery of innovation and hope to patients in the global rare disease community. In order to achieve our vision, we intend to:
•
Focus on developing products to treat rare diseases characterized by severe unmet medical needs.
 We believe that our research, development, and commercialization capabilities in rare disease represent distinct competitive advantages. We leverage our development capabilities in rare disease to focus on advancing therapeutic candidates with life-changing potential. Given these capabilities, the well-established regulatory model and the ability to demonstrate clinical effects in small clinical studies, we believe that we can successfully bring new therapies to patients living with severe unmet medical needs.
•
Leverage our commercialization expertise to effectively deliver the therapies we develop.
 Our strategy is to maximize the benefit and value of our commercial products through commercial execution and expertise needed to successfully support rare disease patients. Our approach may vary depending on the product and will be based on a number of factors including capital necessary to execute on each option, size of the market and terms of potential collaboration and/or licensing offers from other pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies with respect to jurisdictions outside the United States.
•
Develop a sustainable pipeline by employing disciplined decision criteria in the evaluation of potential in-licensing candidates.
 We seek to build a sustainable product pipeline by employing multiple therapeutic approaches and by developing or acquiring orphan drug candidates. We seek to augment our internally developed pipeline projects by selectively and strategically acquiring pipeline assets that will add value to the portfolio. We continue to evaluate potential in-licensing, out-licensing and other potential relationships with other pharmaceutical or biotechnology companies. We intend to mitigate risk by employing rigorous decision criteria, favoring therapeutic candidates that have undergone at least some clinical study. Our decision to acquire rights to a therapeutic candidate also depends on the 
7
Table of Contents
scientific merits of the available clinical data; the identifiable orphan patient population; the economic terms of any proposed acquisition of rights; the projected amount of capital required to develop the therapeutic candidate; and the economic potential of the therapeutic candidate, should it be commercialized. We believe this strategy minimizes our clinical development risk and allows us to accelerate the development and potential commercialization of current and future therapeutic candidates.
•
Listen to patients.
 Leadership in rare disease demands attention beyond innovative medicines. By listening to patients and leaders in the rare disease community, including those who have traditionally been underserved, we are focusing on barriers that prevent some patients from accessing the incredible innovation that our industry is delivering, including access to clinical trials and rare disease specialists.
•
Support earlier diagnosis.
 We support efforts in furtherance of enabling earlier diagnosis. The growth of our commercial business reflects the strong capabilities of our commercial and medical teams to work across multiple medical specialties to help patients find a diagnosis.
Our Pipeline and Approved Products 
We have a diversified pipeline designed to address areas of high unmet need in rare kidney and metabolic diseases. We invest revenues from our commercial portfolio into our pipeline with the goal of delivering new treatments for diseases with limited or no approved therapies.
The following table summarizes the status of our clinical programs, preclinical programs and approved products, each of which is described in further detail below.
1
On September 5, 2024, the FDA granted full approval of FILSPARI® (sparsentan) to slow kidney function decline in adults with primary IgAN who are at risk of disease progression.  FILSPARI had previously been granted accelerated approval in February 2023.
2
On February 11, 2025, we announced that we had completed a Type C meeting with the FDA and that we plan to submit an sNDA around the end of the first quarter of 2025 seeking traditional approval of FILSPARI for FSGS.
3
In September 2024, we voluntarily paused enrollment in the Phase 3 HARMONY Study, as described below.
FILSPARI® (sparsentan)
On September 5, 2024, the FDA granted full approval of FILSPARI® (sparsentan) to slow kidney function decline in adults with primary IgAN who are at risk of disease progression. FILSPARI had previously been granted accelerated approval in February 2023 based on the surrogate marker of proteinuria. Full approval was based on positive long-term confirmatory results from the PROTECT Study demonstrating that FILSPARI significantly slowed kidney function decline over two years compared to irbesartan. 
FILSPARI is the only oral, once-daily, non-immunosuppressive medication that directly targets glomerular injury in the kidney by blocking two critical pathways of IgAN disease progression (endothelin-1 and angiotensin II).
The two-year efficacy data contained in the FDA-approved label is a modified intention to treat (ITT) analysis and evaluates data from all patients regardless of treatment discontinuation. In the final analysis of the 404 randomized patients, FILSPARI significantly reduced the rate of decline in kidney function from baseline to Week 110 compared to irbesartan. In the ITT analysis included in the label, the mean eGFR slope from baseline to Week 110 was -3.0 mL/min/1.73 m
2
/year for FILSPARI and -4.2 mL/min/1.73 m
2
/year for irbesartan, corresponding to a statistically significant treatment effect of 1.2 mL/ min/1.73 m
2
/year (p=0.0168). The positive treatment effects on proteinuria compared to the active control irbesartan that were observed at Week 36 were durable out to the two-year measurement period. Additional results from the PROTECT Study demonstrated the 
8
Table of Contents
benefit of FILSPARI on absolute eGFR accrued over time and by Week 110 resulted in a 3.8 mL/min/1.73 m
2
 difference in the mean change from baseline between FILSPARI and irbesartan.
Results from the PROTECT Study showed that FILSPARI was well tolerated with a clearly defined safety profile that has been consistent across all clinical trials conducted to date.
FILSPARI is a dual endothelin angiotensin receptor antagonist (DEARA). Pre-clinical data have shown that blockade of both endothelin type A and angiotensin II type 1 pathways in forms of rare chronic kidney disease, reduces proteinuria, protects podocytes and prevents glomerulosclerosis and mesangial cell proliferation. FILSPARI has been granted seven years of Orphan Drug Exclusivity in the U.S. (running from the date of accelerated approval) for the reduction of proteinuria in adults with primary IgAN at risk of rapid disease progression, and has been granted a separate seven years of Orphan Drug Exclusivity in the U.S. (running from the date of full approval) to slow kidney function decline in adults with primary IgAN who are at risk for disease progression, excluding the use provided for in the aforementioned Orphan Drug Exclusivity granted in connection with the accelerated approval.
IgAN is characterized by hematuria, proteinuria, and variable rates of progressive renal failure. With an estimated prevalence of up to 150,000 people in the United States and greater numbers in Europe and Asia, IgAN is the most common primary glomerular disease. Most patients are diagnosed between the ages of 16 and 35, with up to 40% progressing to kidney failure within 15 years. FILSPARI is the first non-immunosuppressive therapy approved for IgAN and is the only oral, once-daily, non-immunosuppressive therapy approved for this condition that directly targets glomerular injury in the kidney by blocking two critical pathways of IgAN disease progression (endothelin-1 and angiotensin II). We estimate more than 70,000 patients in the United States to be addressable under FILSPARI's full approval indication.
Data to support the approval of FILSPARI was generated from the Phase 3 PROTECT Study, the largest head-to-head interventional study to date in IgAN. It is a global, randomized, multicenter, double-blind, parallel-arm, active-controlled clinical trial that evaluated the safety and efficacy of 400mg of sparsentan, compared to 300mg of irbesartan, in 404 patients ages 18 years and up with IgAN and persistent proteinuria despite available angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor or angiotensin receptor blockers (ARB) therapy, and is currently ongoing in the open label extension phase of the study.
FILSPARI is available only through a risk evaluation and mitigation strategy (REMS) approved by the FDA, regarding mandatory birth control for patients of child-bearing potential regarding risk of embryo-fetal toxicity, as has been required for other approved endothelin antagonists, and a REMS for liver monitoring regarding potential risk of hepatotoxicity, as has been required for certain other approved endothelin antagonists. As part of the liver monitoring REMS, monthly monitoring of each patient is required for the first year the patient is on treatment, and quarterly thereafter. The Company submitted an sNDA for a potential modification to the frequency of liver monitoring for FILSPARI; the sNDA has been accepted for review by the FDA and assigned a Prescription Drug User Fee Act (PDUFA) target action date of August 28, 2025.
In April 2024, we and our partner CSL Vifor announced that the European Commission has granted conditional marketing authorization (“CMA”) for FILSPARI (sparsentan) for the treatment of adults with primary IgAN with a urine protein excretion ≥1.0 g/day (or urine protein-to-creatinine ratio ≥0.75 g/g). The CMA is granted for all member states of the European Union, as well as in Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway. The European Commission's decision follows the positive opinion from the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP) in February 2024, based on results from the pivotal Phase 3 PROTECT Study of FILSPARI in IgAN. Under the terms of our license agreement with CSL Vifor, we will be entitled to receive a regulatory milestone payment of $17.5 million upon receipt of full regulatory approval by the European Commission for IgAN, and we anticipate receiving an additional milestone payment upon achievement of market access initiatives in certain countries. CSL Vifor submitted an application for full regulatory approval in the second quarter of 2024. The decision on full regulatory approval, if positive, will convert the CMA to a standard Marketing Authorization (MA). FILSPARI became commercially available in Europe under the CMA in August 2024, with an initial launch in Germany and Austria. In October 2024, we and CSL Vifor announced that Swissmedic has granted temporary marketing authorization for FILSPARI for the treatment of adults with primary IgAN with a urine protein excretion ≥1.0 g/day (or urine protein-to-creatinine ratio ≥0.75 g/g). In November 2024, the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) approved FILSPARI in the United Kingdom.
In January 2024, we announced our entry into an exclusive licensing agreement with Renalys Pharma, Inc. (Renalys), to bring sparsentan, for the treatment of IgAN, to patients in Japan and other countries in Asia. Renalys will hold regional rights to sparsentan for Japan, South Korea, Taiwan, Brunei, Cambodia, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Myanmar, the Philippines, Singapore, Thailand, and Vietnam. Following successful meetings with the Pharmaceuticals and Medical Devices Agency (PMDA) in 2023, in the second quarter of 2024 Renalys initiated an open label registration study of sparsentan in Japan to support potential approval of sparsentan in Japan. In July 2024, Renalys announced that the first patient was dosed in the study, and in January 2025, Renalys announced achievement of full enrollment in the study. Results from the urine protein/creatinine ratio (UP/C) endpoint in the study are expected in the second half of 2025 to support a submission for approval to PMDA. In December 2024, Renalys announced that sparsentan received Orphan Drug Designation from the Japanese Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare for the indication of primary IgA nephropathy as of November 27, 2024. Under the terms of the licensing agreement, Renalys will be responsible for development, regulatory matters, and commercialization in the licensed territories.
9
Table of Contents
Clinical-Stage Programs:
Sparsentan for the treatment of FSGS
Sparsentan has been granted Orphan Drug Designation for the treatment of FSGS in the U.S. and the EEA.
FSGS is a leading cause of kidney failure and nephrotic syndrome. There are currently no FDA-approved pharmacologic treatments for FSGS and there remains a high unmet need for patients living with FSGS as off-label treatments such as ACE/ARBs, steroids, and immunosuppressant agents are effective in only a subset of patients and use of some of these off-label treatments may be further inhibited by their safety profiles. Every year approximately 5,400 patients are diagnosed with FSGS and we estimate that there are more than 40,000 FSGS patients in the United States and a similar number in Europe with approximately half of them being candidates for sparsentan. 
In 2016, we generated positive data from our Phase 2 DUET study in FSGS. In 2018, we announced the initiation of the Phase 3 clinical trial designed to serve as the basis for an NDA and MAA filing for sparsentan for the treatment of FSGS (the "DUPLEX Study"). The DUPLEX Study is a global, randomized, multicenter, double-blind, parallel-arm, active-controlled clinical trial evaluating the safety and efficacy of sparsentan in 371 patients. The DUPLEX Study protocol provided for an unblinded analysis of at least 190 patients to be performed after 36 weeks of treatment to evaluate the interim efficacy endpoint - the proportion of patients achieving a FSGS partial remission of proteinuria endpoint (FPRE), which is defined as urine protein-to-creatinine ratio (UPCR) ≤1.5 g/g and a >40% reduction in UPCR from baseline, at week 36. In February 2021, we announced that the ongoing Phase 3 DUPLEX Study achieved its pre-specified interim FSGS partial remission of proteinuria endpoint following the 36-week interim period. After 36 weeks of treatment, 42.0 percent of patients receiving sparsentan achieved FPRE, compared to 26.0 percent of irbesartan-treated patients (p=0.0094). Following engagement with the FDA on the interim proteinuria analysis and a subsequent eGFR data-cut, we elected to forego the previously planned submission for accelerated approval and pursue a potential traditional approval upon completion of the DUPLEX Study. 
In May 2023, we announced topline primary efficacy results from the pivotal Phase 3 DUPLEX Study of sparsentan in FSGS. The confirmatory primary endpoint of the DUPLEX Study designed to support traditional regulatory approval was the rate of change in eGFR over 108 weeks of treatment. At the end of the 108-week double-blind period, sparsentan was observed to have a 0.3 mL/min/1.73m
2
 per year (95% CI: -1.74, 2.41) favorable difference on eGFR total slope and a 0.9 mL/min/1.73m
2 
per year (95% CI: -1.27, 3.04) favorable difference on eGFR chronic slope compared to the active control irbesartan, which was not statistically significant. After 108 weeks of treatment, sparsentan achieved a mean reduction in proteinuria from baseline of 50%, compared to 32% for irbesartan. Although the DUPLEX Study did not achieve its two-year primary endpoint with statistical significance over the active control irbesartan, we are encouraged by the results, including the pre-specified secondary endpoints on proteinuria and exploratory endpoints, including renal outcomes, which trended favorably for sparsentan. In addition, a review of the safety results through 108 weeks of treatment indicate sparsentan was generally well-tolerated and the overall safety profile in the study to date was generally consistent between treatment groups. 
In December 2023, we announced that we completed a planned Type C meeting with the FDA to discuss results from the Phase 3 DUPLEX Study of sparsentan in FSGS. The FDA acknowledged the high unmet need for approved therapies as well as the challenges in studying FSGS but indicated that the two-year results from the Phase 3 DUPLEX Study alone were not sufficient to support an sNDA submission. The FDA acknowledged the work being done by the larger nephrology community to better understand proteinuria and eGFR as endpoints in clinical trials of FSGS and indicated a willingness to continue to engage with us on a potential path forward for sparsentan in FSGS following our consideration of additional evidence. Subsequently, a collaborative international effort referred to as the PARASOL project was initiated with a goal to define the quantitative relationships between short-term changes in biomarkers (proteinuria and GFR) and long-term outcomes in order to support the use of alternative proteinuria-based endpoints as a basis for accelerated and traditional approval. The PARASOL project is led by several patient advocacy organizations focused on glomerular diseases, with participation from regulators and industry representatives. The principal finding from PARASOL was that in FSGS, reduction in proteinuria over 24 months is strongly associated with a reduction in the risk of kidney failure, and responder definitions based on thresholds of proteinuria are both biologically plausible and strongly supported by epidemiological data. Following the recent PARASOL public workshop in which a multi-stakeholder group of rare kidney disease experts aligned around a potential proteinuria-based clinical trial endpoint for FSGS, we scheduled a Type C meeting with the FDA to discuss a potential regulatory pathway for a sparsentan FSGS indication. In February 2025, we announced that we completed a Type C meeting with the FDA and that we plan to submit an sNDA around the end of the first quarter of 2025 seeking traditional approval of FILSPARI for FSGS. The sNDA will be based on existing data from the Phase 3 DUPLEX and Phase 2 DUET studies of FILSPARI.
Together with CSL Vifor, we also plan to engage with the EMA to determine the potential for a subsequent variation to the Conditional Marketing Authorization (CMA) of sparsentan for the treatment of FSGS, if the MAA for full approval of sparsentan in IgA nephropathy is approved. 
Under the terms of our exclusive license to CSL Vifor, CSL Vifor is responsible for all commercialization activities in its licensed territories. We remain responsible for the clinical development of sparsentan in the applicable territories. If sparsentan receives marketing authorization in any of the territories covered by the exclusive license to Renalys, Renalys will be responsible for all development, regulatory matters, and commercialization activities in such licensed territories. We will retain all rights to sparsentan in the United States and rest of world outside of the territories licensed to CSL Vifor and Renalys, provided that CSL Vifor has a right of negotiation to expand the licensed territories into Canada, China, Brazil and/or Mexico.
10
Table of Contents
Pegtibatinase 
Pegtibatinase is a novel investigational human enzyme replacement candidate being evaluated for the treatment of classical homocystinuria (HCU). Classical HCU is a rare metabolic disorder characterized by elevated levels of plasma homocysteine that can lead to vision, skeletal, circulatory and central nervous system complications. We estimate that there are approximately 7,000 to 10,000 addressable HCU patients globally. Pegtibatinase has been granted Rare Pediatric Disease, Fast Track and Breakthrough Therapy designations by the FDA, as well as orphan drug designation in the United States and European Union. 
In December 2021, we announced positive topline results from the Phase 1/2 COMPOSE Study, a double blind, randomized, placebo-controlled dose escalation study to assess its safety, tolerability, pharmacokinetics, pharmacodynamics and clinical effects in patients with classical HCU. Pegtibatinase demonstrated dose-dependent reductions in total homocysteine (tHcy) during the 12 weeks of treatment, and in the highest dose cohort to date evaluating 1.5 mg/kg of pegtibatinase twice weekly (BIW), treatment with pegtibatinase resulted in rapid and sustained reductions in total homocysteine (tHcy) through 12 weeks of treatment, including a 55.1% mean relative reduction in tHcy from baseline as well as maintenance of tHcy below a clinically meaningful threshold of 100 μmol. Additionally, in a dose-dependent manner in the study to date, methionine levels were substantially reduced and cystathionine levels were substantially elevated following treatment with pegtibatinase, suggesting that pegtibatinase acts in a manner similar to the native CBS enzyme. 
In May 2023, we announced positive topline results from the sixth cohort of the Phase 1/2 COMPOSE Study, which was initiated to inform and refine formulation work for future development and commercial purposes and to further evaluate the dose response curve for pegtibatinase, and to further inform our pivotal development program to ultimately support potential approval of pegtibatinase for the treatment of HCU.

In this cohort, five patients were randomized in a blinded fashion to receive 2.5 mg/kg of lyophilized pegtibatinase or placebo twice weekly (BIW), with four patients assigned to the treatment group. In this highest dose cohort to date, treatment with pegtibatinase resulted in rapid and sustained reductions in total homocysteine (tHcy), with a 67.1% mean relative reduction in tHcy from baseline, as well as maintenance of mean tHcy below the clinically meaningful threshold of 100 μmol, over weeks 6 to 12.

In the double-blind period, pegtibatinase was generally well-tolerated
, with no discontinuations due to treatment-related adverse events.
In December 2023, we initiated the pivotal Phase 3 HARMONY Study to support the potential approval of pegtibatinase for the treatment of classical HCU. The HARMONY Study is a global, randomized, multi-center, double-blind, placebo-controlled Phase 3 clinical trial designed to evaluate the efficacy and safety of pegtibatinase as a novel treatment to reduce total homocysteine (tHcy) levels. In the beginning of 2024, the first patients were dosed in the HARMONY Study. 
In September 2024, we announced a voluntary pause of enrollment in the Phase 3 HARMONY Study. The voluntary enrollment pause enables us to work to address necessary process improvements in manufacturing scale-up to support commercial scale manufacturing as well as full enrollment in the HARMONY Study. Patients currently enrolled in pegtibatinase studies continue to receive study medication from small scale batches which are unaffected by the scale-up process. Currently enrolled patients will be able to continue on study medication as scheduled for the duration of the trials in which they are participating. The voluntary enrollment pause was enacted following our determination that the desired drug substance profile was not achieved in the recent scale-up process. We are making progress on necessary process improvements in manufacturing scale-up and currently anticipate that we should be in position to restart enrollment in the Phase 3 HARMONY Study in 2026.
We acquired pegtibatinase as part of the November 2020 acquisition of Orphan Technologies Limited.
Preclinical Program:
We are party to a collaboration agreement with PharmaKrysto Limited and their early-stage cystinuria discovery program, whereby we are responsible for funding all research and development expenses for the pre-clinical activities associated with the cystinuria program.
Other Commercial Products:
Thiola and Thiola EC (tiopronin)
Thiola and Thiola EC are approved by the FDA for the treatment of cystinuria, a rare genetic cystine transport disorder that causes high cystine levels in the urine and the formation of recurring kidney stones. Due to the larger stone size, cystine stones may be more difficult to pass, often requiring surgical procedures to remove. More than 80 percent of people with cystinuria develop their first stone by the age of 20. More than 25 percent will develop cystine stones by the age of 10. Recurring stone formation can cause loss of kidney function in addition to substantial pain and loss of productivity associated with renal colic and stone passage. While a portion of people living with the disease are able to manage symptoms through diet and fluid intake, the prevalence of cystinuria in the U.S. is estimated to be 10,000 to 12,000, indicating that there may be as many as 4,000 to 5,000 affected individuals with cystinuria in the U.S. that would be candidates for Thiola or Thiola EC. 
In June 2019 we announced that the FDA approved 100mg and 300mg tablets of Thiola EC, an enteric-coated formulation of Thiola, to be used for the treatment of cystinuria. Thiola EC offers the potential for administration with or without food, and the ability to reduce the number of tablets necessary to manage cystinuria. Thiola EC became available to patients in July 2019.
11
Table of Contents
In May 2021, a generic option for the 100mg version of the original formulation of Thiola (tiopronin tablets) became available and in June 2022, a second option for the 100mg version of the original formulation of Thiola (tiopronin tablets) was approved. These generic versions of the original formulation of Thiola have impacted our sales, and these or additional generic versions of either formulation could have a material adverse impact on sales. As of December 31, 2024, several generic options for the 100mg and 300mg versions of Thiola EC have been approved by the FDA and become available. 
Accordingly, Thiola EC is subject to generic competitio
n.
Sale of Bile Acid Product Portfolio
On July 16, 2023, we entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement (the “Purchase Agreement”) with Mirum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. ("Mirum Pharmaceuticals" or “Mirum”), pursuant to which Mirum agreed to purchase substantially all of the assets primarily related to our business of development, manufacture (including synthesis, formulation, finishing or packaging) and commercialization of Chenodal and Cholbam (also known as Kolbam, and together with Chenodal, the “Products”), collectively, the "bile acid business". This transaction was consummated on August 31, 2023.
Competition
The pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries are intensely competitive and subject to rapid and significant technological change. Many of our competitors are larger than our company and have substantially greater financial, marketing and technical resources than we have.
The development and commercialization of new products to treat rare diseases is highly competitive, and we expect considerable competition from major pharmaceutical, biotechnology and specialty pharmaceutical companies. As a result, there are, and will likely continue to be, extensive research and substantial financial resources invested in the discovery and development of new orphan drug products. 
Our competition will be determined in part by the potential indications for which therapies are developed and ultimately approved by regulatory authorities. The speed with which we can develop products, complete preclinical testing, clinical trials, approval processes, and supply commercial quantities to market are expected to be important competitive factors. We expect that competition among products approved for sale will be based on various factors, including product efficacy, safety, reliability, availability, price, reimbursement, patent position, and regulatory exclusivity.
FILSPARI/Sparsentan
IgAN
FILSPARI (sparsentan) is the first non-immunosuppressive therapy approved for IgAN and is the only oral, once-daily, non-immunosuppressive medication that directly targets glomerular injury in the kidney by blocking two critical pathways of IgAN disease progression (endothelin-1 and angiotensin II). FILSPARI received accelerated approval in the U.S. in February 2023 and full approval in September 2024 and is indicated to slow kidney function decline in adults with primary IgAN who are at risk for disease progression. In April 2024, the European Commission granted conditional marketing authorization (“CMA”) for FILSPARI for the treatment of adults with primary IgAN with a urine protein excretion ≥1.0 g/day (or urine protein-to-creatinine ratio ≥0.75 g/g).
The IgAN treatment landscape is evolving rapidly. Historically, traditional standard of care has been renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system (RAAS) blockade with immunosuppression. RAAS blockade is also commonly used in patients with significant proteinuria or rapidly progressive glomerulonephritis. In August 2024, Kidney Disease Improving Global Outcomes (“KDIGO”) published draft guidelines for public comment that include updated recommendations for the treatment of IgAN. The draft KDIGO guidelines recommend FILSPARI as a foundational kidney-targeted therapy for IgAN patients who are at risk of progressive kidney function loss, and advocate for lowering the targeted proteinuria level for all IgAN patients to under 0.5 g/day, or preferably under 0.3 g/day. The draft KDIGO guidelines suggest that combination treatment should be initiated simultaneously in most cases where patients are at risk of progressive kidney function decline. FILSPARI is the only oral, once-daily, non-immunosuppressive medication that directly targets glomerular injury in the kidney by blocking two critical pathways of IgAN disease progression: endothelin-1 and angiotensin II. This aligns with the draft KDIGO guidelines' emphasis on early diagnosis, aggressive proteinuria reduction, and the use of combination therapies to manage IgAN.
In addition to FILSPARI, other therapies currently available in the IgAN market include RAAS blockade therapies, and IgAN-indicated treatments including Calliditas’ Tarpeyo (budesonide delayed-release capsules), and Novartis’ iptacopan (Fabhalta) (a Factor B complement inhibitor currently approved under accelerated approval). In addition, interim proteinuria data from Novartis’ Phase 3 IgAN study (ALIGN) with atrasentan (an endothelin receptor antagonist, or ERA) read out in 2024, and the company disclosed that their NDA was submitted to FDA in the second quarter of 2024, and that a potential approval could take place in the first half of 2025. Based on public sources, the confirmatory portions of the Phase 3 studies of iptacopan and atrasentan are expected to begin reading out in the fourth quarter of 2025 or in 2026. Additionally, Novartis has an ongoing Phase 3 IgAN study with zigakibart (an anti-APRIL monoclonal antibody (mAb)).
Based on public sources, multiple companies have programs in clinical and/or pre-clinical development for the treatment of IgAN or related conditions, including several Phase 3 IgAN programs that are ongoing and/or enrolling in the United States, Europe, and parts of Asia: (1) Otsuka 
12
Table of Contents
Corporation with sibeprenlimab (anti-APRIL mAb), (2) Roche with sefaxersen (Factor B complement inhibitor) (licensed via Ionis Pharmaceuticals), (3) Vera Therapeutics with atacicept (BAFF / APRIL inhibitor), (4) AstraZeneca with ravulizumab (Ultomiris) (C5 complement inhibitor), and (5) Vertex Pharmaceuticals Inc. with povetacicept (BAFF / APRIL inhibitor). RemeGen is reportedly conducting a Phase 3 IgAN study with telitacicept in China only. In 2025, we are anticipating at least two additional Phase 3 IgAN studies to be initiated, including Biogen’s felzartamab (anti-CD38) and Takeda Pharmaceutical Company’s mezagitamab (anti-CD38).
In October 2024, Otsuka announced that sibeprenlimab (anti-APRIL mAb) met its primary endpoint at the prespecified interim analysis and potentially will submit for accelerated approval in 2025.
In 2021-2023, there were global regulatory label expansions of two SGLT2 inhibitors, AstraZeneca’s Farxiga/Forxiga and Boehringer Ingelheim and Eli Lilly’s Jardiance, in chronic kidney disease, which could potentially be complementary to sparsentan for the treatment of IgAN and/or FSGS. Additionally, although patients diagnosed with IgAN are not part of the label (nor were they included in the initial pivotal studies), Bayer’s non-steroidal mineralocorticoid receptor antagonist, Kerendia, could be used in patients with diabetic kidney disease and theoretically, those with concurrent IgAN and is currently studied in patients with chronic kidney disease without diabetes. Finally, there are endothelin receptor antagonists, or ERAs, that are developed for chronic kidney disease (CKD) and CKD-related conditions which could potentially be used (if approved) in CKD patients without a specific IgAN diagnosis. Idorsia Pharmaceuticals’ aprocitentan (branded as Tryvio in the U.S. and Jeraygo in Europe) was approved for the treatment of resistant hypertension by the FDA and EMA, in March 2024 and June 2024, respectively; the pivotal study was in patients with resistant hypertension, including those with Stage 3 & 4 CKD. In November 2023, AstraZeneca initiated a registrational fixed-dose combination (FDC) study with zibotentan and Farxiga in CKD patients with high proteinuria. Patients with IgAN are not excluded from the study.
FSGS
Currently, there are no products approved by the FDA or the European Commission for the treatment of FSGS. The current standard of care for FSGS includes steroids, ACE/ARBs, calcineurin inhibitors, dialysis, and renal transplant. Moreover, as an adjuvant apheresis device which works to remove lipoproteins from blood, the Liposorber® LA-15 System (Kaneka Pharma America LLC) is FDA-approved for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients with Nephrotic Syndrome associated with primary FSGS when standard options are unsuccessful or post-transplant with FSGS recurrence. A post-approval study with this device is ongoing. 
Dimerix is conducting a Phase 3 study in pediatric and adult FSGS patients with their CCR2 blocker, DMX-200. Dimerix has indicated that an interim analysis will be made available in the second half of 2025.
Additionally, Vertex Pharmaceuticals is conducting the Phase 3 portion of their Phase 2/3 study in adult and pediatric patients with APOL1-mediated kidney disease, which can include a subset of FSGS patients with known APOL1 mutations (G1/G1, G2/G2, or G1/G2). 
Based on public sources, several other companies have programs in clinical and/or pre-clinical development for the treatment of FSGS or related conditions.
Pegtibatinase
Current treatment options for homocystinuria (HCU) are limited to protein-restricted diet and supplemental use of vitamin B6 and betaine.  
According to public sources, Syntis Bio, Inc. has a pre-clinical development program for a microbiome therapy for the management of HCU. Additionally, in July 2024, Innorna announced that they received FDA’s Rare Pediatric Disease Designation for IN022 (pre-clinical) for the treatment of HCU.
Based on public sources, there are other pre-clinical development programs in HCU that may enter the clinic.
Thiola and Thiola EC (tiopronin)
In May 2021, a generic option for the 100mg version of the original formulation of Thiola (tiopronin tablets) became available and in June 2022, a second option for the 100mg version of the original formulation of Thiola (tiopronin tablets) was approved. As of December 31, 2024, several generic options for the 100mg and 300mg versions of Thiola EC have been approved by the FDA and become available. Accordingly, Thiola EC is subject to generic competition.

Thiola also faces potential competition from compounded formulations and additional generic entrants.
In addition, certain penicillamine agents including but not limited to Cuprimine and Depen are FDA approved for the treatment of cystinuria. Additional generic versions of penicillamine have been approved by the FDA and some have entered the market. Captopril is not FDA approved for the treatment of cystinuria but has been prescribed for patients with cystinuria. Advicenne Pharma is developing a microtablet formulation containing potassium citrate monohydrate and potassium bicarbonate, for the potential oral treatment of cystinuria. 
Based on public sources, there are other preclinical assets in development that may enter the clinic for the treatment of cystinuria.
13
Table of Contents
Licenses and Royalties
Ligand License Agreement
In 2012, we entered into a license agreement with Ligand Pharmaceuticals, Inc. ("Ligand"), granting us a worldwide sublicense for the development, manufacture and commercialization of FILSPARI (sparsentan). Under the license agreement, Ligand granted us a sublicense under certain of its patents and other intellectual property in connection with the development and commercialization of sparsentan. Under the license agreement, Ligand is obligated to transfer to us certain information, records, regulatory filings, materials and inventory controlled by Ligand and relating to or useful for developing sparsentan. We must use commercially reasonable efforts to develop and commercialize sparsentan in specified major market countries and other countries in which we believe it is commercially reasonable to develop and commercialize such products.
As consideration for the license, we are required to make substantial payments upon the achievement of certain milestones, totaling up to $114.1 million. Through December 31, 2024, we have capitalized $47.2 million for contractual milestones achieved under the Ligand License Agreement, including $5.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2024. Pursuant to the Ligand License Agreement, we are obligated to pay to Ligand (and Bristol-Myers Squibb Company ("BMS")) an escalating royalty between 15% and 17% of net sales of sparsentan, with payments due quarterly. We began incurring costs associated with such royalties following the February 2023 approval of FILSPARI (sparsentan). For the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, we capitalized $20.3 million and $4.4 million, respectively, to intangible assets for royalties owed on net sales of FILSPARI.
Under the terms of the license agreement, BMS has a right of first negotiation and Ligand has a right of second negotiation with respect to any license arrangement for a licensed compound, except to the extent such rights may be waived.
The license agreement will continue until neither party has any further payment obligations under the agreement and is expected to continue for approximately 10 to 20 years from the effective date. Ligand may terminate the license agreement due to (i) our insolvency, (ii) our material uncured breach of the agreement, (iii) our failure to use commercially reasonable efforts to develop and commercialize sparsentan as described above or (iv) certain other conditions. We may terminate the license agreement due to a material uncured breach of the agreement by Ligand.
Mission License Agreement
In 2014, we entered into a license agreement with Mission Pharmacal, pursuant to which we obtained an exclusive, royalty-bearing license to market, sell and commercialize Thiola (tiopronin) in the United States and Canada, and a non-exclusive license to use know-how relating to Thiola to the extent necessary to market Thiola. We paid Mission an up-front license fee of $3.0 million and over the term of the agreement will pay the greater of $2.0 million, representing the guaranteed minimum royalty, or 20% of our net sales of Thiola in the United States and Canada during each calendar year. 
In October 2015, the license agreement was amended to allow for us to secure enough API to ensure an adequate level of safety stock to prevent an interruption in the supply of Thiola and to prepare for a reformulation development project.
In March 2016, the license agreement was amended to, among other things, include a new formulation development project for tiopronin tablets.
In November 2017, we amended the license agreement to extend the term through May 2029. 
In November 2018, the license agreement was amended to remove all territorial restrictions on our license rights. As consideration for the expanded territory, we paid an up-front fee of $0.3 million and will pay the greater of $0.1 million, representing the guaranteed minimum royalty, or 20% of our Thiola net sales generated outside of the United States during each calendar year. 
Intellectual Property
The proprietary nature of, and protection for, our product candidates and our discovery programs, processes and know-how are important to our business. We have sought patent protection in the United States and certain other jurisdictions for sparsentan, where available and when appropriate. Our policy is to pursue, maintain and defend patent rights, whether developed internally or licensed from third parties, and to protect the technology, inventions and improvements that are commercially important to the development of our business. 
Our commercial success will depend in part on obtaining and maintaining patent protection and for our current and future product candidates, their use in treating particular diseases, and the methods used to develop and manufacture them, as well as successfully defending these patents against third-party challenges. Our ability to stop third parties from making, using, selling, offering to sell, or importing our products depends on the extent to which we have rights under valid and enforceable patents that cover these activities. We cannot be sure that patents will be granted with respect to any of our pending patent applications or with respect to any patent applications filed by us in the future, nor can we be sure that any of our existing patents or any patents that may be granted to us in the future will be commercially useful in protecting our product candidates, discovery programs and processes.
14
Table of Contents
FILSPARI
As of February 1, 2025, our patent portfolio for FILSPARI (sparsentan) was comprised of six distinct patent families, one of which is exclusively licensed from Ligand (the “Ligand patent family”). The other five patent families are owned by Travere (the "Travere patent families"). We previously had one additional licensed patent family related to sparsentan that was owned by BMS, exclusively licensed to Ligand and sub-licensed to us by Ligand. However, the BMS patent family expired in 2019 and therefore is no longer in force.  
The Ligand patent family is directed to methods of using sparsentan in the treatment of various diseases, including glomerulosclerosis and IgAN. As of December 31, 2024, this patent family included two U.S. patents (U.S. Patent No. 9,662,312, which we refer to herein as the ‘312 patent, and U.S. Patent No. 9,993,461, which we refer to herein as the ‘461 patent), a pending U.S. application, 18/797,336, filed August 25, 2024, two European patents (European Patent No. EP2732818, which we refer to herein as the European ‘818 patent, and European Patent No. EP3222277, which we refer to herein as the European ‘277 patent), a pending European application, and two granted Hong Kong patents. The ‘312 patent and the European ‘818 patent claim the use of sparsentan for treating glomerulosclerosis. The ‘461 patent and the European '277 patent each claim both the use of sparsentan for treating glomerulosclerosis and the use of sparsentan for treating IgAN. The U.S. and foreign patents in this patent family have a stated expiration date in March 2030, which may potentially be extended in the United States via a pending patent term extension application. In November 2020, a third party filed an opposition to the European ‘277 patent. In March 2024, our patent claims were upheld by the European Patent Office Board of Opposition and in May the opponent filed an appeal thereto. We are continuing to vigorously defend the European '277 against the opposition. If we were to be unsuccessful in doing so, we would expect to rely on the data and/or marketing exclusivity that may be available in the EU, as described below under “Regulatory Exclusivity.”
The first Travere patent family is directed to methods of using sparsentan in the treatment of various kidney diseases, including focal segmental glomerulosclerosis (FSGS) and IgAN, e.g., by achieving a specified urine protein-to-creatinine ratio. As of December 31, 2024, this patent family was comprised of a granted U.S. patent (U.S. Patent No. 10,864,197, which we refer to herein as the ‘197 patent) and pending patent applications in the U.S., Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, the European Patent Office, Hong Kong, Japan, Korea, New Zealand and South Africa. The ‘197 patent claims use of sparsentan for treating Alport syndrome and has a stated expiration date in October 2037. The pending patent claims in this patent family are directed at the use of sparsentan for treating FSGS and IgAN.
The second Travere patent family is directed to methods of using sparsentan for treating hearing loss associated with Alport syndrome. As of December 31, 2024, this patent family was comprised of a granted U.S. patent (U.S. Patent No. 11,207,299) and pending patent applications in the U.S., Australia Brazil, Canada, China, the European Patent Office, Hong Kong, Israel, Japan, Korea, Mexico, New Zealand and South Africa.
The third Travere patent family is comprised of a pending international patent application, related to methods of treating a kidney disease or disorder comprising sparsentan, and a SGLT2 inhibitor.
The fourth Travere patent family is comprised of a pending international patent application, related to methods of treating IgA mediated diseases or disorders comprising sparsentan.
The fifth Travere patent family is comprised of a pending international patent application, related to methods of treating IgA mediated kidney diseases or disorders comprising sparsentan.
The sixth Travere patent family is comprised of a pending provisional patent application directed to additional methods of use of sparsentan for treating FSGS and IgAN.
The U.S. and some countries outside the U.S. similarly offer forms of patent term extension or restoration. For example, Supplementary Protection Certificates are available to extend the life of a European patent up to an additional five years (subject to a 15-year cap from European Medicines Agency (EMA) approval) and in Japan patent terms can be extended up to five years. 
We have filed an application for patent term extension of the ‘461 patent, which may be extended under the provisions of the Hatch-Waxman Act. Patent term extensions or Supplemental Protection Certificates (SPCs) also may be available in certain foreign jurisdictions upon regulatory approval. 
In the EU, a conditional marketing authorization (“CMA”) for FILSPARI was issued by the European Commission in April 2024 (the ”FILSPARI CMA”). Because there has been no prior European approval for FILSPARI, we and Vifor are pursuing SPCs throughout the European Economic Area (EEA) based on this FILSPARI CMA.
Likewise, it is possible, if sparsentan achieves regulatory approval elsewhere in the world, depending upon local law and regulation, patent term extensions or SPCs may be pursued in additional jurisdictions.
15
Table of Contents
Pegtibatinase
As of December 31, 2024, our patent portfolio for pegtibatinase was comprised of six distinct patent families, which we obtained upon our acquisition of Orphan Technologies Limited (now Travere Therapeutics Switzerland GmbH). Orphan Technologies obtained the rights to the first five patent families under an exclusive license agreement with the University of Colorado, while the sixth patent family was owned by Orphan Technologies. The first three patent families are owned by the University of Colorado and exclusively licensed to Travere Therapeutics Switzerland GmbH (the “CU patent families”). The first CU patent family is directed to human cystathionine β-synthase variants and methods for their production, the second CU patent family is directed to methods of purifying human cystathionine β-synthase variants, and the third CU patent family is directed to compositions comprising human cystathionine β-synthase variants and methods of treating homocystinuria. The next two families are co-owned by the University of Colorado and Travere Therapeutics Switzerland GmbH, with the University of Colorado’s interest exclusively licensed to Travere Therapeutics Switzerland GmbH (the “co-owned patent families”). The first co-owned patent family is directed to methods of pegylating human cystathionine β-synthase variants, while the second co-owned patent family is directed to pharmaceutical formulations comprising pegylated human cystathionine β-synthase variants and their use in treating homocystinuria. Lastly, the sixth patent family is owned by Travere Therapeutics Switzerland GmbH (the “Travere patent family”). The Travere patent family is directed to methods for treating human cystathionine β-synthase deficiency in patients with elevated homocysteine levels.
Thiola
Our patent portfolio for Thiola is comprised of a patent family which is exclusively licensed from Mission Pharmacal (the “Mission patent family”). The Mission patent family is directed to a new formulation of Thiola, known as Thiola EC. As of December 31, 2024, this patent family included a granted U.S. patent (U.S. Patent No. 11,458,104, which we refer to herein as the ‘104 patent) and a pending U.S. patent application. The '104 patent claims a method for treating cystinuria by administering a formulation of tiopronin with food.
Regulatory Exclusivity
If we obtain marketing approval for sparsentan for the treatment of FSGS in the United States or in certain jurisdictions outside of the United States, we may be eligible for regulatory exclusivity for the approved therapy. For example, in the United States, an FDA-approved therapy may be eligible to receive five years of new chemical entity ("NCE") exclusivity or, for drugs granted an orphan designation by the FDA, seven years of orphan drug exclusivity ("Orphan Drug Exclusivity" or "ODE"). In addition, both the five-year NCE period and the seven-year ODE period may be extended by six months upon submission of satisfactory written reports to the FDA of clinical studies conducted in pediatric populations.
Likewise, if we obtain marketing approval for pegtibatinase in the United States or in certain jurisdictions outside of the United States, we may be eligible for regulatory exclusivity for the approved product. Pegtibatinase is a biologic product and therefore its application for approval would be via a biologic license application (“BLA”). In the United States, an FDA-approved biologic product may be eligible to receive twelve years of regulatory exclusivity. In addition, the twelve-year BLA exclusivity period may be extended by six months upon submission of satisfactory written reports to the FDA of clinical studies conducted in pediatric populations.
In the European Union and European Free Trade Association ("EFTA") countries, innovative medicinal products approved by the European Commission may receive eight years of data exclusivity and 10 years of market exclusivity. The 10-year period of market exclusivity may extend to 11 years if, during the eight-year period of data exclusivity, the product receives marketing authorization for a second therapeutic that provides a significant clinical benefit in comparison to existing therapies. Additionally, upon approval by the European Commission, orphan drugs may receive 10 years of market exclusivity or, in the case of orphan drugs for which a pediatric investigational plan (PIP) has been completed, 12 years of market exclusivity. This period of market exclusivity may, however, be reduced to six years if, at the end of the fifth year, it is established that the product no longer meets the criteria on the basis of which it received orphan medicinal product destination, including where it can be demonstrated on the basis of available evidence that the original orphan medicinal product is sufficiently profitable not to justify maintenance of market exclusivity or where the prevalence of the condition has increased above the threshold. The regulatory exclusivity periods run from the date of European Commission approval. There can be no assurance that we will qualify for any such regulatory exclusivity, or that any such exclusivity will prevent competitors from seeking approval solely on the basis of their own studies. See “Government Regulation” below.
FILSPARI
FILSPARI (sparsentan) received orphan drug designation in the United States and in the European Union for the treatment of IgAN in 2021 and FSGS in 2015. FILSPARI has been granted seven years of Orphan Drug Exclusivity in the U.S. (running from the date of accelerated approval) for the reduction of proteinuria in adults with primary IgAN at risk of rapid disease progression, and has been granted a separate seven years of Orphan Drug Exclusivity in the U.S. (running from the date of full approval) to slow kidney function decline in adults with primary IgAN who are at risk for disease progression, excluding the use provided for in the aforementioned Orphan Drug Exclusivity granted in connection with the accelerated approval.
Thiola
Thiola does not have regulatory exclusivity in the United States.
16
Table of Contents
Trademarks
Our trademark portfolio includes both Travere-owned and Travere-licensed trademarks and is comprised of various U.S. and foreign registered trademarks and pending trademark applications relating to our company name, our commercial products (FILSPARI, Thiola, and Thiola EC), and sparsentan.
More specifically, as of December 31, 2024, our trademark portfolio included registered U.S. and foreign trademarks for the wordmark “Travere Therapeutics” and its logo, registered U.S. and foreign trademarks relating to FILSPARI (sparsentan), registered U.S. trademarks for both the wordmark “TOTALCARE”, and its logo, a registered trademark for both the wordmark “TOTAL CARE HUB” and its logo, and a registered trademark for “In Rare for Life”. In addition, under our license agreement with Mission we have an exclusive license to use Mission’s trademarks related to Thiola and Thiola EC, including three registered U.S. trademarks and one registered Canadian trademark for the mark “THIOLA”, and one registered U.S. trademark for the mark "Thiola EC", in the United States and Canada.
Trade Secrets
In addition to patents, we rely on trade secrets and know-how to develop and maintain our competitive position. We seek to protect our proprietary data and processes, in part, by confidentiality agreements and invention assignment agreements with our employees, consultants, scientific advisors, contractors, and partners. These agreements are designed to protect our proprietary information. We also seek to preserve the integrity and confidentiality of our data, trade secrets and know-how by maintaining physical security of our premises and physical and electronic security of our information technology systems. Trade secrets and know-how can be difficult to protect. Consequently, we anticipate that trade secrets and know-how will, over time, be disseminated within the industry through independent development, the publication of journal articles, and the movement of personnel skilled in the art from academic to industry scientific positions.
Manufacturing 
STA Pharmaceutical Hong Kong Limited manufactures the active pharmaceutical ingredient for FILSPARI. Catalent Pharma Solutions manufactures FILSPARI and performs primary packaging. PCI Pharma Services performs secondary packaging and serialization for FILSPARI. Mission Pharmacal manufactures Thiola and Thiola EC. 
We intend to continue to use our financial resources to accelerate development of our therapeutic candidates rather than establishing our own manufacturing facilities. We intend to meet our preclinical and clinical trial manufacturing requirements by establishing relationships with third-party manufacturers and other service providers to perform these services for us. Because we rely on these third parties, we have personnel with pharmaceutical development and manufacturing experience who are responsible for maintaining our third-party manufacturing relationships.
Should any of our therapeutic candidates obtain marketing approval, we anticipate establishing relationships with third-party manufacturers and other service providers in connection with the commercial production of our products. We have some flexibility in securing other manufacturers to produce our therapeutic candidates; however, our alternatives may be limited due to proprietary technologies or methods used in the manufacture of some of our therapeutic candidates.
Sales, Marketing and Distribution
In 2024, we continued to utilize our specialty sales force to market our FDA-approved products in the U.S. Through our deep understanding of patient and healthcare provider needs, we believe we are able to: 
•
serve patients living with rare disease that have limited treatment options;
•
drive optimum performance of our marketed products;
•
educate and train healthcare providers about our products and the diseases for which they are approved to treat;
•
support access to and reimbursement coverage for our products without significant restrictions; 
•
support compliant use by providing patients with support services and disease education, to the extent and in the manner permitted under applicable laws, to help them utilize our products in a manner consistent with the label and maximize the benefits of treatment; and
•
successfully launch new treatment options once approved.
Our U.S. commercial initiatives are designed to support patients living with rare diseases and clinicians treating these patients. We commercialize our products in the United States with a relatively small specialty sales force. Nephrologists are the primary call point for FILSPARI. The primary call points for Thiola and Thiola EC include urologists and nephrologists. 
17
Table of Contents
Our sales force is differentiated by its high level of experience, averaging more than 20 years in pharmaceutical sales including over five years of experience in rare disease. Our commercial management and operations team also has an average of more than 20 years of pharmaceutical experience focused on specialty and rare disease.
Our marketing and patient access teams, supported by third-party agencies with rare disease experience, drive our commercialization and disease awareness efforts in the United States. Specifically, we implement a variety of industry accepted programs to educate physicians, including direct-to-physician contact by sales representatives, peer-to-peer educational programs, and participation in targeted medical convention programs. 
We distribute FILSPARI in the United States through two direct to patient pharmacies, and operate Travere TotalCare, pursuant to which we provide our comprehensive patient support services. This patient support program for FILSPARI in the United States provides services, assistance and resources that help patients understand IgAN, manage the insurance process, fill their prescriptions and initiate treatment.
We distribute our other products, Thiola and Thiola EC, through one direct to patient pharmacy, Eversana, who also provides our comprehensive patient support services in the United States. This patient support program includes a case-managed approach to patient education, insurance verification and reimbursement support, co-pay and other financial assistance for eligible patients, monitoring and support of adherence, and 24/7 access to pharmacist counseling. 
In April 2024, we and CSL Vifor, with whom we entered into a license and collaboration agreement ("License Agreement") in September 2021, announced that the European Commission granted conditional marketing authorization (CMA) for FILSPARI (sparsentan) for the treatment of adults with primary IgAN with a urine protein excretion ≥1.0 g/day (or urine protein-to-creatinine ratio ≥0.75 g/g). The CMA is granted for all member states of the European Union, as well as in Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway. Additionally, in October 2024 Swissmedic granted temporary marketing authorization for FILSPARI for the same patient population in Switzerland, and in November 2024, the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) approved FILSPARI in the United Kingdom. CSL Vifor is responsible for all commercialization activities in such licensed territories. We remain responsible for the clinical development of sparsentan and will retain all rights to sparsentan in the United States and rest of world outside of the licensed territories, provided that CSL Vifor has a right of negotiation to expand the licensed territories into Canada, China, Brazil and/or Mexico.
In January 2024, we announced our entry into an exclusive licensing agreement with Renalys, to bring sparsentan for the treatment of IgAN to patients in Japan and other countries in Asia. Renalys will hold regional rights to sparsentan for Japan, South Korea, Taiwan, Brunei, Cambodia, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Myanmar, the Philippines, Singapore, Thailand, and Vietnam. Following successful meetings with the Pharmaceuticals and Medical Devices Agency (PMDA) in 2023, Renalys plans to initiate an open label registration study of sparsentan in Japan in the second quarter of 2024 to support potential approval of sparsentan in Japan. Results from the urine protein/creatinine ratio (UP/C) endpoint in the study are expected in the second half of 2025 to support a submission for approval to PMDA. Under the terms of the agreement, Renalys will be responsible for development, regulatory matters, and commercialization in the licensed territories.
Medical Affairs
We have a global medical affairs team located in the United States and Europe which supports data dissemination, education, external stakeholder engagement and data generation in therapeutic areas relevant to our pipeline and commercial assets. The responsibilities of our medical affairs personnel include execution of real-world evidence studies, scientific exchange with external stakeholders, medical communication through scientific publications and presentations at medical congresses, providing medical information support to HCPs and patients related to our pipeline and our post-approval clinical commitments, organizing medical advisory boards to obtain input from experts and practitioners, and supporting grants for investigator sponsored research and independent medical education programs on medical topics relevant to our products and diseases.
Government Regulation
Regulation by government authorities in the United States and foreign countries is a significant factor in the development, manufacture and marketing of proposed products and in ongoing research and product development activities. All pipeline products will require regulatory approval by competent regulatory authorities prior to commercialization. In particular, human therapeutic products are subject to rigorous preclinical studies and clinical trials and other approval procedures of the FDA and similar regulatory authorities in foreign countries. Various federal and state statutes and regulations also govern or influence analytical testing, manufacturing, safety evaluation, labeling, storage, inspection and record-keeping related to such products and their marketing. The process of obtaining these approvals and the subsequent compliance with appropriate federal and state statutes and regulations require the expenditure of substantial time and financial and human resources.

FDA Drug Approval Process
In the United States, pharmaceutical products (drugs and biologics) are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA. The Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, and other federal and state statutes and regulations, govern, among other things, the research, development, testing, manufacture, storage, recordkeeping, approval, labeling, promotion and marketing, distribution, post-approval monitoring and reporting, sampling and import and export of pharmaceutical products. Failure to comply with applicable U.S. requirements may subject a company to a variety of administrative or judicial sanctions, such as FDA refusal to approve pending new drug or new biologic license applications, or NDAs and BLAs, respectively, warning 
18
Table of Contents
or untitled letters, product recalls, product seizures, total or partial suspension of production or distribution, injunctions, fines, civil penalties and criminal prosecution. Firms are also subject to potential inspection by FDA.
We cannot market a drug product candidate in the United States until the drug has received FDA approval. The key steps required before a drug may be marketed in the United States generally include the following:
•
completion of extensive preclinical laboratory tests, animal studies, toxicology, pharmacology, and formulation studies in accordance with the FDA’s GLP regulations;
•
submission to the FDA of an IND, and oversight by an Institutional Review Board, for human clinical testing, which must become effective before human clinical trials may begin;
•
performance of adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials (phase 1-3) in accordance with Good Clinical Practices ("GCP") requirements to establish the safety and efficacy of the drug for each proposed indication;
•
submission to the FDA of an NDA or BLA after completion of the required pivotal clinical trials;
•
satisfactory completion of any FDA pre-approval inspection of the manufacturing facility or facilities at which the active pharmaceutical ingredient, or API, and finished drug product are produced and tested to assess compliance with current Good Manufacturing Practices ("cGMPs"); and
•
FDA review and approval of the NDA or BLA.
Satisfaction of FDA pre-market approval requirements typically takes many years and the actual time required may vary substantially based upon the type, complexity and novelty of the product or disease.
Preclinical tests include laboratory evaluation of product chemistry, formulation and toxicity, as well as animal trials to assess the characteristics and potential safety and efficacy of the product. The conduct of the preclinical tests must comply with federal regulations and requirements, including good laboratory practices. The results of preclinical testing are submitted to the FDA as part of an IND along with other information, including information about product chemistry, manufacturing and controls and a proposed clinical trial protocol. Long-term preclinical tests, such as animal tests of reproductive toxicity and carcinogenicity, may continue after the IND is submitted.
A 30-day waiting period after the submission of each IND is required prior to the commencement of clinical testing in humans. If the FDA has neither commented on nor questioned the IND within this 30-day period, the clinical trial proposed in the IND may begin. If the FDA raises concerns or questions about the conduct of the trial, such as whether human research subjects will be exposed to an unreasonable health risk, the IND sponsor must resolve any outstanding FDA concerns or questions before clinical trials can proceed.
Clinical trials involve the administration of the investigational new drug or biologic to healthy volunteers or patients under the supervision of a qualified investigator. Clinical trials must be conducted in compliance with federal regulations, including GCP requirements, as well as under protocols detailing the objectives of the trial, the parameters to be used in monitoring safety and the effectiveness criteria to be evaluated. Each protocol and subsequent protocol amendments must be submitted to the FDA as part of the IND. Certain studies must also be posted on clinicaltrials.gov.
The FDA may order the temporary, or permanent, discontinuation of a clinical trial at any time, or impose other sanctions, if it believes that the clinical trial either is not being conducted in accordance with FDA requirements or presents an unacceptable risk to the clinical trial patients. The study protocol and informed consent information for patients in clinical trials also must be submitted for approval to an institutional review board, or IRB, for approval at each site at which the clinical trial will be conducted. An IRB also may require the clinical trial at its site to be halted, either temporarily or permanently, for failure to comply with the IRB’s requirements, or may impose other conditions.
Clinical trials to support NDAs for marketing approval are typically conducted in three sequential phases, but the phases may overlap. In Phase 1, the initial administration of the drug to healthy human subjects or patients, the drug is tested to assess pharmacological actions, side effects associated with increasing doses and, if possible, early evidence on effectiveness. Phase 2 usually involves trials in a limited patient population to determine metabolism, pharmacokinetics, the effectiveness of the drug for a particular indication, dosage tolerance and optimum dosage, and to identify common adverse effects and safety risks. If a drug demonstrates evidence of effectiveness and an acceptable safety profile in Phase 2 evaluations, Phase 3 clinical trials, also called pivotal trials, are undertaken to obtain the additional information about clinical efficacy and safety in a larger number of patients, typically at geographically dispersed clinical trial sites, to permit the FDA to evaluate the overall benefit-risk relationship of the drug and to provide adequate information for the labeling of the drug. In most cases the FDA requires two adequate and well controlled Phase 3 clinical trials to demonstrate the efficacy of the drug. A single Phase 3 clinical trial with other confirmatory evidence may be sufficient in rare instances where the study is a large multicenter trial demonstrating internal consistency and a statistically very persuasive finding of a clinically meaningful effect on mortality, irreversible morbidity or prevention of a disease with a potentially serious outcome and where confirmation of the result in a second Phase 3 trial would be impractical or unethical.
19
Table of Contents
After completion of the required clinical testing, an NDA or BLA submission is prepared and submitted to the FDA. FDA approval of the submission is required before marketing of the product in the United States may begin. The submission must include the results of all preclinical, clinical and other testing and a compilation of data relating to the product’s pharmacology, chemistry, manufacture and controls. The cost of preparing and submitting a submission is substantial. The submission of most NDAs and BLAs is additionally subject to a substantial application user fee, and the sponsor of an approved NDA or BLA is also subject to an annual program user fee. These fees typically are increased annually.
The FDA has 60 days from its receipt of an NDA or BLA to determine whether the application will be accepted for filing based on the agency’s threshold determination that it is sufficiently complete to permit substantive review. Once the submission is accepted for filing, the FDA begins an in-depth review. The FDA has agreed to certain performance goals in the review of NDAs and BLAs. Most such applications for standard review drug products are reviewed within 10 months of filing; most applications for priority review drugs are reviewed within six months of filing. Priority review can be applied to drugs to treat serious conditions that the FDA determines offer significant improvement in safety or effectiveness. The review process for both standard and priority review may be extended by the FDA for three additional months to consider certain late-submitted information, or information intended to clarify information already provided in the submission.
The FDA also may refer applications for novel drug products, or drug products that present difficult questions of safety or efficacy, to an advisory committee—typically a panel that includes clinicians and other experts—for review, evaluation and a recommendation as to whether the application should be approved. The FDA is not bound by the recommendation of an advisory committee, but it generally follows such recommendations. 
Before approving an NDA or BLA, the FDA typically will inspect one or more clinical sites to assure compliance with GCPs. Additionally, the FDA may inspect the facility or the facilities at which the drug is manufactured. The FDA will not approve the product unless compliance with cGMPs is satisfactory and the submission contains data that provide substantial evidence that the drug is safe and effective in the indication studied.
After the FDA evaluates the NDA or BLA and the manufacturing facilities, it issues either an approval letter or a complete response letter. A complete response letter generally outlines the deficiencies in the submission and may require substantial additional testing, or information, in order for the FDA to reconsider the application. If, or when, those deficiencies have been addressed to the FDA’s satisfaction in a resubmission of the NDA or BLA, the FDA will issue an approval letter. The FDA has committed to reviewing such resubmissions in two or six months depending on the type of information included.
An approval letter authorizes commercial marketing of the drug with specific prescribing information for specific indications. As a condition of approval, the FDA may require a REMS to ensure that the benefits of the drug outweigh the potential risks. REMS can include a medication guide, a communication plan for healthcare professionals and elements to assure safe use, such as special training and certification requirements for individuals who prescribe or dispense the drug, requirements that patients enroll in a registry and other measures that the FDA deems necessary to assure the safe use of the drug. The requirement for REMS can materially affect the potential market and profitability of the drug. Moreover, product approval may require substantial post-approval testing and surveillance to monitor the drug’s safety or efficacy. Once granted, product approvals may be withdrawn if compliance with regulatory standards is not maintained or problems are identified following initial marketing.
Changes to some of the conditions established in an approved application, including changes in indications, labeling, or manufacturing processes or facilities, require submission and FDA approval of a new NDA or NDA supplement before the change can be implemented. An NDA supplement for a new indication typically requires clinical data similar to that in the original application, and the FDA uses the same procedures and actions in reviewing NDA supplements as it does in reviewing NDAs. Such supplements typically are reviewed within 10 months of receipt.
Orphan Drugs
Under the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may grant orphan drug designation to drugs intended to treat a rare disease or condition—generally a disease or condition that affects fewer than 200,000 individuals in the U.S. Orphan drug designation must be requested before submitting an NDA. After the FDA confers orphan drug status, the generic identity of the drug and its potential orphan indication are disclosed publicly by the FDA. Orphan drug designation in and of itself does not convey any advantage in, or shorten the duration of, the regulatory review and approval process. The first NDA applicant to receive FDA approval for a particular active ingredient to treat a particular indication with FDA orphan drug designation is entitled to a seven-year exclusive marketing period in the U.S. for that product, for that indication. During the seven-year exclusivity period, the FDA may not approve any other applications to market the same drug for the same disease, except in limited circumstances, such as a showing of clinical superiority to the product with orphan drug exclusivity. Orphan drug exclusivity does not prevent FDA from approving a different drug for the same disease or condition, or the same drug for a different disease or condition. Prior to FDA approval, orphan designation provides incentives for sponsors including tax credits for clinical research expenses, the opportunity to obtain government grant funding to support clinical research, and an exemption from FDA user fees.
Expedited Development and Review Programs
A sponsor may seek to develop and obtain approval of its products under programs designed to accelerate the development, FDA review and approval of new products that meet certain criteria. 
20
Table of Contents
Fast track is a process designed by the FDA to facilitate the development of drugs to treat serious conditions through expediting their review. The purpose is to get important new drugs to patients earlier. Fast Track addresses a broad range of serious conditions. Determining whether a condition is serious is a matter of judgment, but generally is based on whether the drug will have an impact on such factors as survival, day-to-day functioning, or the likelihood that the condition, if left untreated, will progress from a less severe condition to a more serious one.
A drug that receives Fast Track designation is eligible for some or all of the following:
•
more frequent meetings with FDA to discuss the drug's development plan and ensure collection of appropriate data needed to support drug approval;
•
more frequent written communication from FDA about such things as the design of the proposed clinical trials and use of biomarkers;
•
eligibility for Accelerated Approval and Priority Review, if relevant criteria are met; and
•
Rolling Review, which means that a drug company can submit completed sections of its NDA or BLA for review by FDA, rather than waiting until every section is completed before the entire application can be reviewed. NDA or BLA review usually does not begin until the drug company has submitted the entire application to the FDA.
Once a drug receives Fast Track designation, early and frequent communication between the FDA and a drug company is encouraged throughout the entire drug development and review process. The frequency of communication assures that questions and issues are resolved quickly, often leading to earlier drug approval and access by patients.
Breakthrough therapy designation is available if the product is intended, alone or in combination with one or more other drugs or biologics, to treat a serious or life-threatening condition and preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the product may demonstrate substantial improvement over currently approved therapies on one or more clinically significant endpoints, such as substantial treatment effects observed early in clinical development. If the FDA designates a breakthrough therapy, it may take actions appropriate to expedite the development and review of the application, which may include holding meetings with the sponsor and the review team throughout the development of the therapy; providing timely advice to, and interactive communication with, the sponsor regarding the development of the product candidate to ensure that the development program to gather the nonclinical and clinical data necessary for approval is as efficient as practicable; involving senior managers and experienced review staff, as appropriate, in a collaborative, cross- disciplinary review; assigning a cross-disciplinary project lead for the FDA review team to facilitate an efficient review of the development program and to serve as a scientific liaison between the review team and the sponsor; and considering alternative clinical trial designs when scientifically appropriate, which may result in smaller trials or more efficient trials that require less time to complete and may minimize the number of patients exposed to a potentially less efficacious treatment. Breakthrough therapy designation comes with the benefits of Fast Track designation, which means that the sponsor may submit sections of the NDA or BLA for review on a rolling basis.
Accelerated Approval
Under the FDA’s accelerated approval regulations, FDA may approve a drug or biologic for a serious or life-threatening illness that provides meaningful therapeutic benefit to patients over existing treatments based upon a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit, or on a clinical endpoint that can be measured earlier than irreversible morbidity or mortality, that is reasonably likely to predict an effect on irreversible morbidity or mortality or other clinical benefit, taking into account the severity, rarity, or prevalence of the condition and the availability or lack of alternative treatments.
In clinical trials, a surrogate endpoint is a measurement of laboratory or clinical signs of a disease or condition that substitutes for a direct measurement of how a patient feels, functions, or survives. Surrogate endpoints can often be measured more easily or more rapidly than clinical endpoints. A drug candidate approved on this basis is subject to rigorous post-marketing compliance requirements, including the completion of Phase 4 or post-approval clinical trials to confirm the effect on the clinical endpoint with regular reporting to FDA on the status of such trials. Failure to conduct required post-approval studies, or confirm a clinical benefit during post-marketing studies, will allow FDA to withdraw the drug from the market on an expedited basis. All promotional materials for drug candidates approved under accelerated regulations are subject to prior review by FDA. 
The Hatch-Waxman Amendments: Orange Book Listing
In seeking approval for a drug through an NDA, applicants are required to list with the FDA each patent whose claims cover the applicant’s product or its use for the relevant application. Upon approval of a drug, each of the patents listed in the application for the drug is then published in the FDA’s Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic Equivalence Evaluations, commonly known as the Orange Book. Drugs listed in the Orange Book can, in turn, be cited by potential generic competitors in support of approval of an ANDA. An ANDA provides for marketing of a drug product that has the same active ingredients in the same strengths and dosage form as the listed drug and has been shown through bioequivalence testing to be therapeutically equivalent to the listed drug. Other than the requirement for bioequivalence testing, ANDA applicants are not required to conduct, or submit results of, preclinical or clinical tests to prove the safety or effectiveness of their drug product. Drugs approved in this way are commonly 
21
Table of Contents
referred to as “generic equivalents” to the listed drug, and can often be substituted by pharmacists under prescriptions written for the original listed drug.
The ANDA applicant is required to certify to the FDA concerning all patents listed for the approved product in the FDA’s Orange Book. Specifically, the applicant must certify that: (i) the required patent information has not been filed; (ii) the listed patent has expired; (iii) the listed patent has not expired, but will expire on a particular date and approval is sought after patent expiration; or (iv) the listed patent is invalid or will not be infringed by the new product. The ANDA applicant may also elect to submit a section viii statement certifying that its proposed ANDA label does not contain (or carves out) any language regarding the patented method-of-use rather than certify to a listed method-of-use patent. If the applicant does not challenge the listed patents, the ANDA application will not be approved until all the listed patents claiming the referenced product have expired.
A certification that the new product will not infringe the already approved product’s listed patents, or that such patents are invalid, is called a Paragraph IV certification. If the ANDA applicant has provided a Paragraph IV certification to the FDA, the applicant must also send notice of the Paragraph IV certification to the NDA and patent holders once the ANDA has been accepted for filing by the FDA. The NDA and patent holders may then initiate a patent infringement lawsuit in response to the notice of the Paragraph IV certification. Unless the submission of the ANDA pre-dates the listing of the patent in the Orange Book, the filing of a patent infringement lawsuit within 45 days of the receipt of a Paragraph IV certification automatically prevents the FDA from approving the ANDA until the earlier of 30 months, expiration of the patent, settlement of the lawsuit, or a decision in the infringement case that is favorable to the ANDA applicant.
The ANDA application also will not be approved until any applicable non-patent exclusivity listed in the Orange Book for the referenced product has expired.
Post-Approval Requirements
Once an NDA is approved, a product will be subject to certain post-approval requirements. For instance, the FDA closely regulates the post-approval marketing and promotion of drugs, including standards and regulations for direct-to-consumer advertising, off-label promotion, industry-sponsored scientific and educational activities and promotional activities involving the internet and social media. Drugs may be marketed only for the approved indications and in accordance with the provisions of the approved labeling.
Adverse event reporting and submission of periodic reports is required following FDA approval of an NDA. The FDA also may require post-marketing testing, known as Phase 4 testing, REMS, surveillance to monitor the effects of an approved product, or restrictions on the distribution or use of the product. In addition, quality-control, drug manufacturing, packaging and labeling procedures must continue to conform to cGMPs after approval. Drug manufacturers and certain of their subcontractors are required to register their establishments with the FDA and certain state agencies. Registration with the FDA subjects entities to periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA, during which the agency inspects manufacturing facilities to assess compliance with cGMPs. Accordingly, manufacturers must continue to expend time, money and effort in the areas of production and quality-control to maintain compliance with cGMPs. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with a product, including adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may result in, among other things:
•
restrictions on the marketing or manufacturing of the product, complete withdrawal of the product from the market and/or product recalls;
•
fines, warning letters or holds on post-approval clinical trials;
•
refusal of the FDA to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications, or suspension or revocation of product approvals;
•
product seizure or detention, or refusal to permit the import or export of products; or
•
injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties.
Pricing and Reimbursement
A portion of our product demand for our approved therapies comes from patients covered under Medicaid, Medicare and other federal and state government-related programs such as TRICARE and the Department of Veterans Affairs, or the VA. As required by Federal regulations, we provide rebates and discounts in connection with these programs. 
Our commercial success depends in significant part on the extent to which coverage and adequate reimbursement for these products will be available from third-party payers, including government health administration authorities, private health insurers and other organizations. Third-party payers determine which medications they will cover and establish reimbursement levels. Even if a third-party payer covers a particular product, the resulting reimbursement payment rates may not be adequate or may require co-payments that patients find unacceptably high. Patients who are prescribed medications for the treatment of their conditions, and their prescribing physicians, generally rely on third-party payers to reimburse all or part of the costs associated with prescription therapies. Patients are unlikely to use our products unless coverage is provided and reimbursement is adequate to cover all or a significant portion of the cost of our products. Therefore, coverage and adequate reimbursement is critical to product 
22
Table of Contents
acceptance. Further, coverage policies and third-party payer reimbursement rates may change at any time. Even if favorable coverage and reimbursement status is attained, less favorable coverage policies and reimbursement rates may be implemented in the future.
Government authorities and other third-party payers have and are developing methods of controlling healthcare costs, such as by limiting coverage and the amount of reimbursement for particular medications. Increasingly, third-party payers are requiring that therapeutic companies provide them with predetermined discounts/rebates from list prices as a condition of coverage, are using restrictive formularies and preferred therapy lists to leverage greater discounts in competitive classes, and are challenging the prices charged for medical products. Third party payers also are carefully evaluating the medical necessity and cost-effectiveness of medical products and services, in addition to a product's safety and efficacy, which may require us to conduct expensive pharmacoeconomic studies in order to demonstrate the medical necessity and cost-effectiveness of our products. Further, no uniform policy requirement for coverage and reimbursement for therapies exists among third-party payers in the United States. Therefore, coverage and reimbursement for therapies can differ significantly from payer to payer. As a result, the coverage determination process is often a time-consuming and costly process that will require us to provide scientific and clinical support for the use of our products to each payer separately, with no assurance that coverage and adequate reimbursement will be applied consistently or obtained in the first instance.
In addition, it is possible that future legislation in the U.S. and other jurisdictions could be enacted which could potentially influence the coverage and reimbursement rates for our products and also could further impact the levels of discounts and rebates paid to federal and state government entities, as well as commercial payers. Any legislation that influences these areas could impact, in a significant way, our ability to generate revenues from sales of products that, if successfully developed, we bring to market.
There have been a number of enacted or proposed legislative and regulatory changes affecting the healthcare system and pharmaceutical industry that could affect our commercial success. For example, in March 2010, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, (collectively, the “PPACA”) was signed into law, which intended to, among other things, broaden access to health insurance, reduce or constrain the growth of healthcare spending, enhance remedies against healthcare fraud and abuse, add new transparency requirements for healthcare and health insurance industries, impose new taxes, rebates and fees on pharmaceutical and medical device manufacturers and impose additional health policy reforms. There have been executive, judicial and Congressional challenges and amendments to certain aspects of the PPACA. For example, on August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (“IRA”) was signed into law, which among other things, extends enhanced subsidies for individuals purchasing health insurance coverage in PPACA marketplaces through plan year 2025. The IRA also eliminates the "donut hole" under the Medicare Part D program beginning in 2025 by significantly lowering the beneficiary maximum out-of-pocket cost and creating a new manufacturer discount program. The IRA, discussed in more detail below, also established new pricing pressures, including government price setting for certain therapies and mandatory rebates on price increases over inflation.
In addition, other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted since the PPACA was enacted. For example, in August 2011, President Obama signed into law the Budget Control Act of 2011, which, among other things, created the Joint Select Committee on Deficit Reduction to recommend to Congress proposals in spending reductions. The Joint Select Committee on Deficit Reduction did not achieve a targeted deficit reduction of at least $1.2 trillion for fiscal years 2012 through 2021, triggering the legislation’s automatic reduction to several government programs. This includes aggregate reductions to Medicare payments to providers of up to 2% per fiscal year, which went into effect beginning on April 1, 2013 and, due to subsequent legislative amendments, will stay in effect until 2032, unless additional Congressional action is taken. 
There has been increasing legislative and enforcement interest in the United States with respect to therapy pricing practices. Specifically, there have been several recent U.S. Congressional inquiries and numerous proposed and enacted legislation at both the state and federal levels designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to therapy pricing, reduce the cost of prescription therapies under Medicare, expedite generic competition, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, institute therapy re-importation, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for therapies. For example, the IRA, among other things (i) directs the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) to negotiate the price of certain high-expenditure, single-source drugs that have been on the market for at least 7 years covered under Medicare (the “Medicare Drug Price Negotiation Program”), and (ii) imposes rebates under Medicare Part B and Medicare Part D to penalize price increases that outpace inflation. These provisions began to take effect progressively in fiscal year 2023. On August 15, 2024, HHS announced the agreed-upon price of the first ten drugs that were subject to price negotiations, although the Medicare Drug Price Negotiation Program is currently subject to legal challenges. On January 17, 2025, HHS selected fifteen additional drugs covered under Part D for price negotiation in 2025. Each year thereafter more Part B and Part D products will become subject to the Medicare Drug Price Negotiation Program. Further, on December 7, 2023, an initiative to control the price of prescription drugs through the use of march-in rights under the Bayh-Dole Act was announced. On December 8, 2023, the National Institute of Standards and Technology published for comment a Draft Interagency Guidance Framework for Considering the Exercise of March-In Rights which for the first time includes the price of a product as one factor an agency can use when deciding to exercise march-in rights. While march-in rights have not previously been exercised, it is uncertain if that will continue under the new framework. At the state level, legislatures are increasingly passing legislation and implementing regulations designed to control pharmaceutical and biological product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. For example, on January 5, 2024, the FDA approved Florida’s Section 804 Importation Program (SIP) proposal to import certain drugs from Canada for specific state healthcare programs. It is unclear how this program will be implemented, including which drugs will be chosen, and whether it will be subject to legal challenges in the United States or Canada. Other states have also submitted SIP proposals that are pending review by the FDA. Any such approved importation plans, when implemented, may result in lower drug prices for products covered by those programs.
23
Table of Contents
We expect that the PPACA, the IRA, as well as other federal and state healthcare reform measures that have been and may be adopted in the future, may result in more rigorous coverage criteria and in additional downward pressure on the price that we receive for any of our products, and could seriously affect our future revenues. In addition, it is possible that future legislation in the United States and other jurisdictions could be enacted which could potentially impact the reimbursement rates for the products we are developing and may develop in the future and also could further impact the levels of discounts and rebates paid to federal and state government entities. Any legislation that impacts these areas could impact, in a significant way, our ability to generate revenues from sales of products that, if successfully developed, we bring to market.
Health Care Regulatory Laws
In addition to FDA marketing restrictions and regulation of pharmaceutical products, several other types of state and federal laws have been applied to restrict and regulate certain business practices in the pharmaceutical industry in recent years. These laws include, without limitation, anti-kickback statutes and false claims laws, data privacy and security laws, and transparency laws regarding payments or other items of value provided to healthcare providers.
The federal healthcare program anti-kickback statute prohibits, among other things, knowingly and willfully offering, paying, soliciting or receiving remuneration to induce; or in return for; purchasing, leasing, ordering or arranging for the purchase, lease or order of any healthcare item or service reimbursable under Medicare, Medicaid, or other federally financed healthcare programs. This statute has been interpreted broadly to apply to arrangements between pharmaceutical manufacturers on the one hand and prescribers, purchasers, and formulary managers, among others, on the other. Although there are a number of statutory exceptions and regulatory safe harbors protecting certain common activities from prosecution or other regulatory sanctions, the exceptions and safe harbors are drawn narrowly, and practices that involve remuneration that may induce prescribing, purchases, or recommendations may be subject to scrutiny if they do not qualify for an exemption or safe harbor. Failure to meet all of the requirements of a particular applicable statutory exception or regulatory safe harbor does not make the conduct per se illegal under the anti-kickback statute. Instead, the legality of the arrangement will be evaluated on a case-by-case basis based on a cumulative review of all its facts and circumstances. Several courts have interpreted the statute’s intent requirement to mean that if any one purpose of an arrangement involving remuneration is to induce referrals of federal healthcare covered business, the federal anti-kickback statute has been violated. Additionally, the PPACA amended the federal anti-kickback statute to a stricter standard such that a person or entity no longer needs to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation. In addition, the PPACA codified case law that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the federal anti-kickback statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the federal civil False Claims Act.
Federal false claims laws, including the civil False Claims Act, prohibit any person or entity from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, a false claim for payment to the federal government, or knowingly making, or causing to be made, a false statement to have a false claim paid. This includes claims made to programs where the federal government reimburses, such as Medicaid, as well as programs where the federal government is a direct purchaser, such as when it purchases off the Federal Supply Schedule. The False Claims Act contains qui tam provisions, which allow a private individual, or relator, to bring a civil action on behalf of the federal government alleging that the defendant submitted a false claim to the federal government, and to share in any monetary recovery. In recent years, the number of suits brought by private individuals has increased dramatically. For example, pharmaceutical and other healthcare companies have been prosecuted under these laws for allegedly inflating drug prices they report to pricing services, which in turn were used by the government to set Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement rates, and for allegedly providing free product to customers with the expectation that the customers would bill federal programs for the product. In addition, certain marketing practices, including off-label promotion, may also violate federal false claims laws.
Also, many states have similar fraud and abuse statutes or regulations, including state anti-kickback and false claims laws, which apply to items and services reimbursed under Medicaid and other state programs, or, in several states, apply regardless of the payer.
The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and similar worldwide anti-bribery laws generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to government officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Our policies mandate compliance with these anti-bribery laws. We operate in parts of the world that have experienced governmental corruption to some degree and in certain circumstances, strict compliance with anti-bribery laws may conflict with local customs and practices or may require us to interact with doctors and hospitals, some of which may be state controlled, in a manner that is different than in the United States. We cannot assure you that our internal control policies and procedures will protect us from reckless or criminal acts committed by our employees or agents. Violations of these laws, or allegations of such violations, could disrupt our business and result in criminal or civil penalties or remedial measures, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and could cause the market value of our common stock to decline.
The federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 ("HIPAA"), created new federal criminal statutes that prohibit, among other actions, knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program, including private third-party payers, and knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious or fraudulent statement in connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits, items or services. Like the federal anti-kickback statute, the PPACA amended the intent standard for certain healthcare fraud provisions under HIPAA such that a person or entity no longer needs to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation.
24
Table of Contents
In addition, we are subject to data privacy and security regulation by both the federal government and the states in which we conduct our business. HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act ("HITECH"), and their respective implementing regulations, imposes specified requirements relating to the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information. Among other things, HITECH, through its implementing regulations, makes certain of HIPAA’s privacy and security standards directly applicable to business associates, defined as a person or organization, other than a member of a covered entity’s workforce, that creates, receives, maintains or transmits protected health information for or on behalf of a covered entity for a function or activity regulated by HIPAA and their covered subcontractors.
Additionally, the federal Physician Payments Sunshine Act within the PPACA, and its implementing regulations, require that certain manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologicals and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children’s Health Insurance Program (with certain exceptions) to annually report information related to certain payments or other transfers of value made or distributed to physicians and teaching hospitals, or to entities or individuals at the request of, or designated on behalf of, physicians (defined to include to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists and chiropractors), other healthcare professionals (such as physician assistants and nurse practitioners), and teaching hospitals and to report annually certain ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members. 
Further, certain states require implementation of commercial compliance programs and marketing codes, compliance with the pharmaceutical industry’s voluntary compliance guidelines, and compliance with the applicable compliance guidance promulgated by the federal government. Other various state level requirements include restricting payments or the provision of other items of value that may be made to healthcare providers and other potential referral sources; restricting various marketing practices; requiring prescription drug companies to report expenses relating to the marketing and promotion of drug products; requiring the posting of information relating to clinical studies and their outcomes; requiring the registration of sales representatives; requiring the reporting of certain information related to drug pricing; and requiring drug manufacturers to track and report information related to payments, gifts, compensation, and other items of value to physicians and other healthcare providers. Additionally, states that have not implemented these types of regulations are considering similar proposals. Compliance with these laws is difficult and time consuming, and companies that do not comply with these state laws face civil penalties.
If our operations are found to be in violation of any of the health regulatory laws described above or any other laws that apply to us, we may be subject to significant penalties, including imprisonment, criminal fines, civil monetary penalties, administrative penalties, disgorgement, exclusion from participation in federal healthcare programs, contractual damages, injunctions, recall or seizure of products, total or partial suspension of production, reputational harm, administrative burdens, additional oversight and reporting obligations if we become subject to a corporate integrity agreement or similar agreement to resolve allegation of non-compliance with these laws, diminished profits and future earnings, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our results of operations.
Foreign Regulation
In addition to regulations in the United States, we are subject to a variety of foreign regulations governing clinical trials and commercial sales and distribution of our products. Whether or not we obtain FDA approval for a product, we must obtain approval by the comparable regulatory authorities of foreign countries before we can commence clinical trials and approval of foreign countries or economic areas, such as the European Union, before we may market products in those countries or areas. The approval process and requirements governing the conduct of clinical trials, product licensing, pricing and reimbursement vary greatly from place to place, and the time may be longer or shorter than that required for FDA approval.
Clinical Trials and Marketing Authorization in the European Union 
In the EU, clinical trials are governed by the Clinical Trials Regulation (EU) No 536/2014, or CTR, which entered into application on January 31, 2022 repealing and replacing the former Clinical Trials Directive 2001/20, or CTD. The CTR is intended to harmonize and streamline clinical trial authorizations, simplify adverse-event reporting procedures, improve the supervision of clinical trials and increase transparency. Specifically, the Regulation, which is directly applicable in all EU Member States, introduces a streamlined application procedure through a single-entry point, the "EU portal", the Clinical Trials Information System, or CTIS; a single set of documents to be prepared and submitted for the application; as well as simplified reporting procedures for clinical trial sponsors. A harmonized procedure for the assessment of applications for clinical trials has been introduced and is divided into two parts. Part I assessment is led by the competent authorities of a reference Member State selected by the trial sponsor and relates to clinical trial aspects that are considered to be scientifically harmonized across EU Member States. This assessment is then submitted to the competent authorities of all concerned Member States in which the trial is to be conducted for their review. Part II is assessed separately by the competent authorities and Ethics Committees in each concerned EU Member State. Individual EU Member States retain the power to authorize the conduct of clinical trials on their territory. The CTR foresaw a three-year transition period that ended on January 31, 2025. Since this date, all new or ongoing trials are subject to the provisions of the CTR.
In all cases, clinical trials must be conducted in accordance with GCP and the applicable regulatory requirements and the ethical principles that have their origin in the Declaration of Helsinki. Medicines used in clinical trials must be manufactured in accordance with the guidelines on cGMP and in a GMP licensed facility, which can be subject to GMP inspections.
25
Table of Contents
Under European Union regulatory systems, a company may not market a medicinal product without a marketing authorization. 
In the EU, medicinal products can only be commercialized after a related marketing authorization (“MA”), has been granted. To obtain an MA for a product in the EU, an applicant must submit a Marketing Authorization Application (“MAA”), either under a centralized procedure administered by the EMA or one of the procedures administered by the competent national authorities of EU Member States: (i) the national procedure, (ii) the mutual recognition procedure; or (iii) the decentralized procedure. The submission strategy for a given product will depend on the nature of the product, the target indication(s), the history of the product and the marketing plan. The centralized procedure provides for the grant of a single MA by the European Commission that is valid throughout the European Economic Area (which is comprised of the 27 EU Member States plus Norway, Iceland and Liechtenstein). The centralized procedure is compulsory for certain medicinal products which are produced by biotechnology processes, advanced therapy medicinal products, products which are designated as orphan medicinal products and products with a new active substance indicated for the treatment of HIV/AIDS, cancer, neurodegenerative diseases, diabetes, auto-immune and other immune dysfunctions and viral diseases. For products with a new active substance indicated for the treatment of other diseases and products that are highly innovative or for which a centralized process is in the interest of patients, authorization through the centralized procedure is optional on related approval.
Under the centralized procedure, the EMA’s Committee for Human Medicinal Products (“CHMP”) conducts the initial assessment of a product. Under the centralized procedure, the maximum timeframe for the evaluation of an MAA by the EMA is 210 days. This excludes so-called clock stops, during which additional written or oral information is to be provided by the applicant in response to questions asked by the CHMP. At the end of the review period, the CHMP provides an opinion to the European Commission. If this opinion is favorable, the Commission may then adopt a decision to grant a marketing authorization. In exceptional cases, the CHMP might perform an accelerated review of an MAA in no more than 150 days, excluding clock stops. This is usually when the product targets an unmet medical need and is expected to be of major interest from the point of view of public health and, in particular, from the viewpoint of therapeutic innovation. The CHMP can, however, revert to the standard time limit for the centralized procedure if it considers that it is no longer appropriate to conduct an accelerated assessment.
Unlike the centralized authorization procedure, the decentralized MA procedure requires a separate application to, and leads to separate approval by, the competent authorities of each EU Member State in which the product is to be marketed. This application is identical to the application that would be submitted to the EMA for authorization through the centralized procedure. The reference EU Member State prepares a draft assessment and drafts of the related materials within 120 days after receipt of a valid application. The resulting assessment report is submitted to the concerned EU Member States who, within 90 days of receipt, must decide whether to approve the assessment report and related materials. If a concerned EU Member State cannot approve the assessment report and related materials due to concerns relating to a potential serious risk to public health, disputed elements may be referred to the Heads of Medicines Agencies’ Coordination Group for Mutual Recognition and Decentralised Procedures – Human, or CMDh, for review. The subsequent decision of the European Commission is binding on all EU Member States. 
The mutual recognition procedure allows companies that have a medicinal product already authorized in one EU Member State to apply for this authorization to be recognized by the competent authorities in other EU Member States. Like the decentralized procedure, the mutual recognition procedure is based on the acceptance by the competent authorities of the EU Member States of the MA of a medicinal product by the competent authorities of other EU Member States. The holder of a national MA may submit an application to the competent authority of an EU Member State requesting that this authority recognize the MA delivered by the competent authority of another EU Member State. 
An MA has, in principle, an initial validity of five years. The MA may be renewed after five years on the basis of a re-evaluation of the risk-benefit balance by the EMA or by the competent authority of the EU Member State in which the original MA was granted. To support the application, the MA holder must provide the EMA or the competent authority with a consolidated version of the Common Technical Document providing up-to-date data concerning the quality, safety and efficacy of the product, including all variations introduced since the MA was granted, at least nine months before the MA ceases to be valid. The European Commission or the competent authorities of the EU Member States may decide on justified grounds relating to pharmacovigilance, to proceed with one further five-year renewal period for the MA. Once subsequently definitively renewed, the MA shall be valid for an unlimited period. Any authorization which is not followed by the actual placing of the medicinal product on the EU market (for a centralized MA) or on the market of the authorizing EU Member State within three years after authorization ceases to be valid (the so-called sunset clause). 
In the EU, a “conditional” MA may be granted in cases where all the required safety and efficacy data are not yet available. The European Commission may grant a conditional MA for a medicinal product if it is demonstrated that all of the following criteria are met: (i) the benefit-risk balance of the medicinal product is positive; (ii) it is likely that the applicant will be able to provide comprehensive data post-authorization; (iii) the medicinal product fulfils an unmet medical need; and (iv) the benefit of the immediate availability to patients of the medicinal product is greater than the risk inherent in the fact that additional data are still required. The conditional MA is subject to conditions to be fulfilled for generating the missing data or ensuring increased safety measures. It is valid for one year and must be renewed annually until all related conditions have been fulfilled. Once any pending studies are provided, the conditional MA can be converted into a traditional MA. However, if the conditions are not fulfilled within the timeframe set by the EMA and approved by the European Commission, the MA will cease to be renewed. 
An MA may also be granted “under exceptional circumstances” where the applicant can show that it is unable to provide comprehensive data on efficacy and safety under normal conditions of use even after the product has been authorized and subject to specific procedures being introduced. These circumstances may arise in particular when the intended indications are very rare and, in the state of scientific knowledge at that time, it is not 
26
Table of Contents
possible to provide comprehensive information, or when generating data may be contrary to generally accepted ethical principles. Like a conditional MA, an MA granted in exceptional circumstances is reserved to medicinal products intended to be authorized for treatment of rare diseases or unmet medical needs for which the applicant does not hold a complete data set that is required for the grant of a standard MA. However, unlike the conditional MA, an applicant for authorization in exceptional circumstances is not subsequently required to provide the missing data. Although the MA “under exceptional circumstances” is granted definitively, the risk-benefit balance of the medicinal product is reviewed annually, and the MA will be withdrawn if the risk-benefit ratio is no longer favorable. 
Pediatric Development in the European Union
In the EU, Regulation (EC) No 1901/2006 provides that all MAAs for new medicinal products have to include the results of trials conducted in the pediatric population, in compliance with a pediatric investigation plan, or PIP, agreed with the EMA’s Pediatric Committee, or PDCO. The PIP sets out the timing and measures proposed to generate data to support a pediatric indication of the medicinal product for which MA is being sought. The PDCO can grant a deferral of the obligation to implement some or all of the measures provided in the PIP until there are sufficient data to demonstrate the efficacy and safety of the product in adults. Further, the obligation to provide pediatric clinical trial data can be waived by the PDCO when these data are not needed or appropriate because the product is likely to be ineffective or unsafe in children, the disease or condition for which the product is intended occurs only in adult populations, or when the product does not represent a significant therapeutic benefit over existing treatments for pediatric patients. Once the MA is obtained in all EU Member States and study results are included in the product information, even when negative, the product is eligible for a six-month extension to the Supplementary Protection Certificate, or SPC, if any is in effect at the time of authorization or, in the case of orphan medicinal products, a two-year extension of orphan market exclusivity.
An innovator company enjoys a period of “data exclusivity” during which their pre-clinical and clinical trials data may not be referenced in the regulatory filings of another company (typically a generic company) for the same drug substance. 
Upon receiving an MA, innovative medicinal products are generally entitled to receive eight years of data exclusivity and 10 years of market exclusivity. Data exclusivity, if granted, prevents regulatory authorities in the EU from referencing the innovator’s data to assess a generic application or biosimilar application for eight years from the date of authorization of the innovative product, after which a generic or biosimilar MAA can be submitted, and the innovator’s data may be referenced. The market exclusivity period prevents a successful generic or biosimilar applicant from commercializing its product in the EU until 10 years have elapsed from the initial MA of the reference product in the EU. The overall ten-year period may, occasionally, be extended for a further year to a maximum of 11 years if, during the first eight years of those ten years, the MA holder obtains an authorization for one or more new therapeutic indications which, during the scientific evaluation prior to their authorization, are held to bring a significant clinical benefit in comparison with existing therapies. However, there is no guarantee that a product will be considered by the EU’s regulatory authorities to be a new chemical/biological entity, and products may not qualify for data exclusivity.
Orphan Designation in the European Union
In the EU, Regulation (EC) No. 141/2000, as implemented by Regulation (EC) No. 847/2000 provides that a medicinal product can be designated as an orphan medicinal product by the European Commission if its sponsor can establish that: (i) the product is intended for the diagnosis, prevention or treatment of life-threatening or chronically debilitating conditions; (ii) either (a) such conditions affect not more than five in 10,000 persons in the EU when the application is made, or (b) the product without the benefits derived from orphan status, would not generate sufficient return in the EU to justify the necessary investment in developing the medicinal product; and (iii) there exists no satisfactory authorized method of diagnosis, prevention, or treatment of the condition that has been authorized in the EU, or even if such method exists, the product will be of significant benefit to those affected by that condition.
Regulation (EC) No 847/2000 sets out further provisions for implementation of the criteria for designation of a medicinal product as an orphan medicinal product. An application for the designation of a medicinal product as an orphan medicinal product must be submitted at any stage of development of the medicinal product but before filing of an MAA. An MA for an orphan medicinal product may only include indications designated as orphan. For non-orphan indications treated with the same active pharmaceutical ingredient, a separate marketing authorization has to be sought.
Orphan medicinal product designation entitles an applicant to incentives such fee reductions or fee waivers, protocol assistance, and access to the centralized marketing authorization procedure. Upon grant of a marketing authorization, orphan medicinal products are entitled to a ten-year period of market exclusivity for the approved therapeutic indication, which means that the EMA cannot accept another marketing authorization application or accept an application to extend for a similar product and the European Commission cannot grant a marketing authorization for the same indication for a period of ten years. The period of market exclusivity is extended by two years for orphan medicinal products that have also complied with an agreed PIP. No extension to any supplementary protection certificate can be granted on the basis of pediatric studies for orphan indications. Orphan medicinal product designation does not convey any advantage in, or shorten the duration of, the regulatory review and approval process.
The period of market exclusivity may, however, be reduced to six years if, at the end of the fifth year, it is established that the product no longer meets the criteria on the basis of which it received orphan medicinal product destination, including where it can be demonstrated on the basis of available evidence that the original orphan medicinal product is sufficiently profitable not to justify maintenance of market exclusivity or where the prevalence of the condition has increased above the threshold. Additionally, an MA may be granted to a similar medicinal product with the same 
27
Table of Contents
orphan indication during the 10 year period if: (i) if the applicant consents to a second original orphan medicinal product application, (ii) if the manufacturer of the original orphan medicinal product is unable to supply sufficient quantities; or (iii) if the second applicant can establish that its product, although similar, is safer, more effective or otherwise clinically superior to the original orphan medicinal product. A company may voluntarily remove a product from the register of orphan products.
Post-authorization Requirements
Where an MA is granted in relation to a medicinal product in the EU, the holder of the MA is required to comply with a range of regulatory requirements applicable to the manufacturing, marketing, promotion and sale of medicinal products. Similar to the United States, both MA holders and manufacturers of medicinal products are subject to comprehensive regulatory oversight by the EMA, the European Commission and/or the competent regulatory authorities of the individual EU Member States. The holder of an MA must establish and maintain a pharmacovigilance system and appoint an individual qualified person for pharmacovigilance who is responsible for oversight of that system. Key obligations include expedited reporting of suspected serious adverse reactions and submission of periodic safety update reports, or PSURs.
All new MAAs must include a risk management plan, or RMP, describing the risk management system that the company will put in place and documenting measures to prevent or minimize the risks associated with the product. The regulatory authorities may also impose specific obligations as a condition of the MA. Such risk- minimization measures or post-authorization obligations may include additional safety monitoring, more frequent submission of PSURs or the conduct of additional clinical trials or post-authorization safety studies.
In the EU, the advertising and promotion of medicinal products are subject to both EU and EU Member States’ laws governing promotion of medicinal products, interactions with physicians and other healthcare professionals, misleading and comparative advertising and unfair commercial practices. General requirements for advertising and promotion of medicinal products, such as direct-to-consumer advertising of prescription medicinal products are established in EU law. However, the details are governed by regulations in individual EU Member States and can differ from one country to another. For example, applicable laws require that promotional materials and advertising in relation to medicinal products comply with the product’s Summary of Product Characteristics, or SmPC, which may require approval by the competent national authorities in connection with an MA. The SmPC is the document that provides information to physicians concerning the safe and effective use of the product. Promotional activity that does not comply with the SmPC is considered off-label and is prohibited in the EU.
Other Laws and Regulatory Processes
We are subject to a variety of financial disclosure and securities trading regulations as a public company in the United States, including laws relating to the oversight activities of the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), and Nasdaq rules under which our stock is listed. In addition, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”), the SEC, and other bodies that have jurisdiction over the form and content of our accounts, our financial statements and other public disclosures are constantly considering and interpreting proposals and existing pronouncements designed to ensure that companies best display relevant and transparent information relating to their respective businesses.
Our present and future business has been and will continue to be subject to various other laws and regulations. Various laws, regulations and recommendations relating to safe working conditions, laboratory practices, the experimental use of animals, and the purchase, storage, movement, import and export and use and disposal of hazardous or potentially hazardous substances used in connection with our research work are or may be applicable to our activities. Certain agreements entered into by us involving exclusive license rights or acquisitions may be subject to national antitrust regulatory control, the effect of which cannot be predicted. The extent of government regulation which might result from future legislation or administrative action also cannot be predicted with accuracy.
Employees and Human Capital Management
As of January 31, 2025, we had 385 full-time employees, with most of those based in the United States and a small number outside of the United States. We consider the intellectual capital and well-being of our employees to be an important driver of our business and key to our future success. The biopharmaceutical industry is very competitive and we believe that our future success largely depends upon our continued ability to attract, develop and retain highly skilled employees as our operations expand, as well as our continued focus on our culture and patient centricity. Our workforce primarily consists of college-educated workers with experience in the biopharmaceutical industry, many of whom have advanced degrees. Our employees primarily focus on our drug development and commercialization efforts, including sales and general and administrative operational support of those functions. Currently, we rely on third-party contract manufacturers and conduct our discovery research efforts via collaborations and/or contracted third-party engagements. None of our employees in the United States are represented by a labor union or covered by collective bargaining agreements. We consider our current employee relations to be good.
We are committed to cultivating a workplace where individuals of all backgrounds feel valued, supported, and empowered to reach their fullest potential. We desire to have our organization be representative of the communities we serve, while fostering a culture of inclusivity and a strong sense of belonging. We know from our experience over more than a decade that rare diseases affect individuals across all demographics, and there are clear disparities in diagnosis, access to care, and support that remain significant barriers for many. By fostering inclusivity within our workforce, we are better able to incorporate diverse viewpoints, which we believe positively influences our ability to achieve our objectives and ultimately impact patient outcomes – this is key to operating within our mission, and successfully helping the patients we aim to serve. In line with embracing this 
28
Table of Contents
inclusivity, we support a number of initiatives that directly impact our human capital, workforce and community, such as efforts focused on professional development, cultural awareness, and engagement. Additionally, we provide information about these efforts on our website, though the information on our website is not incorporated in this annual report on Form 10-K.
We strive to provide compensation, benefits and support services that help meet the varying needs of our employees. In the United States, our total compensation package includes competitive pay, including opportunities for performance-based bonuses; comprehensive healthcare benefits; paid time off and paid holidays, and the opportunity for equity ownership through our equity incentive plan and our employee stock purchase plan, as well as a suite of wellness focused offerings. We also sponsor a 401(k) plan that includes a discretionary matching contribution. A similar package of benefits is provided to our employees outside of the United States, subject to regional differences.
By focusing on employee retention, engagement and development opportunities, we believe we also improve our ability to support our clinical trials, our pipeline, our business and our operations. We value the growth and professional development of our employees. We do this through clear organizational, team, and individual goal setting, performance measurement, customized professional development, and employee training and development sessions on various topics. Our success also depends on our ability to respond to the needs of employees. We do this by listening to our employees through many avenues, including formal engagement initiatives, such as surveys, as well as informal listening sessions hosted by senior leaders, including our CEO and our human resources department. The response rate for our latest employee engagement survey, which was conducted in November 2024, was 84%. During 2024 we continued to focus on ways to maximize a people-centered, inclusive, and recognition-based company culture, building on initiatives that have been implemented over the last several years. Also during 2024, we continued to enhance our hybrid workforce program that provides a variety of virtual and in-person collaboration opportunities. In 2024, we solicited feedback on ways to enhance employees' experience, with a focus on engagement and collaboration, and expect to implement new offerings in 2025. As we continue to navigate through new ways of working, we take pride in the role we play in helping to ensure our employees are as productive and engaged as possible and their physical and emotional health, well-being and safety remains a key priority. We are committed to providing a safe and healthy working environment for our employees and to avoiding adverse impact to the environment and the communities in which we do business.
Available Information
We were incorporated in the state of Delaware in February 2011. Our website address is 
travere.com
. We post links on our website to the following filings as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC: annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements, and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. All such filings are available through our website free of charge. The SEC also maintains an internet site at 
www.sec.gov
 that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC.