Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the risk factor captioned “If our information technology systems or data, or those of third parties upon which we rely, are or were compromised, we could experience adverse impacts resulting from such compromise, including, but not limited to, regulatory investigations or actions; litigation; fines and penalties; interruptions to our commercial operations, clinical trials or other operations; harm to our reputation; loss of revenue or profits; loss of sales and other adverse consequences.”

Governance
Our 
Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee
 has oversight of our cybersecurity risk management program and reports to our board of directors on cybersecurity matters.

Our cybersecurity risk assessment and management processes are implemented and maintained by various members of our management team, IT department and other employees, including but not limited to the individuals on our cybersecurity incident management team, which includes individuals who have a diverse combination of relevant expertise, experience, education and training, with representation from our IT, legal, human resources, compliance, risk and privacy functions, among others. 
Our team includes individuals with relevant experience in enterprise risk management and disclosure controls and procedures. Additionally, certain members of our IT department have experience managing cybersecurity programs and are specifically assigned cybersecurity oversight.

Certain members of our management team and IT department are responsible for hiring appropriate personnel, helping to integrate cybersecurity risk considerations into our overall risk management strategy, communicating key priorities to relevant personnel, approving budgets, helping prepare for cybersecurity incidents, approving cybersecurity processes, and reviewing security assessments and other security-related reports.
Our cybersecurity incident response processes are designed to escalate certain cybersecurity incidents to members of management depending on the circumstances, including in some cases to our executive team. Our cybersecurity incident management team, and other individuals as needed, work to help us mitigate and remediate cybersecurity incidents of which we are notified. In addition, our incident response processes include a procedure for reporting certain cybersecurity incidents to the board of directors and/or the Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee.
64
Table of Contents
The Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee receives regular reports from management concerning our cybersecurity risk management program
, and also receives various summaries and/or presentations related to cybersecurity threats, risks and mitigation.