Item 1A. Risk Factors,” specifically the risks under the heading, “We may be adversely impacted by a disruption, failure or security breach of our information technology systems,” cyber threats are constantly evolving and becoming more frequent and sophisticated. Accordingly, no matter how well designed or implemented the company’s information security policies and procedures are, there can be no assurance that these policies and procedures will prevent or limit the impact of a cybersecurity incident.
Cybersecurity Governance
We have established oversight mechanisms intended to provide effective cybersecurity governance, risk management, and timely incident response. 
Our Board, in coordination with the Audit Committee, oversees the company’s ERM process, including the management of risks arising from cybersecurity threats.

Our Board annually reviews assessments of our information security program under the NIST CSF. It receives benchmarking results of our data security effectiveness and reports from our Chief Digital & Technology Officer (CDTO) and Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) on our information security program and recent developments. 
Our Board has delegated the primary responsibility to oversee cybersecurity matters to the Audit Committee. To fulfill its oversight responsibilities, the 
Audit Committee reviews the measures implemented by the company to identify and mitigate cybersecurity risks and receives quarterly updates from our CDTO and CISO
 on the information security program, including the status of significant cybersecurity incidences, the emerging threat landscape, and the status of projects to strengthen the company’s information security posture. 
The Audit Committee regularly reports to the Board on cybersecurity matters.
 In addition, we have a crisis management plan and protocols by which certain cybersecurity incidents that meet established reporting thresholds are escalated within the company and, where appropriate, reported promptly to the Audit Committee or Board, with ongoing updates regarding any such incident until it has been addressed. Our risk oversight processes and disclosure controls and procedures are designed to escalate key risks for the Board to analyze for disclosure purposes.
Our CDTO, a member of our corporate leadership team, oversees the team responsible for leading the enterprise-wide information technology strategy, policy, standards, architecture, and processes. Our CISO, who reports to the CDTO, oversees the dedicated information security team, which works in partnership with the company’s ERM team and corporate audit department as well as consultants as part of an overall internal controls process to monitor cybersecurity threats and prevent, detect, mitigate and remediate cybersecurity incidents.

The CDTO has over 30 years of information technology experience, including serving in strategic planning, oversight and global operation of information systems and technology functions for 
15 
companies in the consumer packaged goods industry. The CISO has over 25 years of information technology experience, including strategy, execution, and operations of enterprise-wide security programs, including cybersecurity programs, and global information technology infrastructure programs.