Item 1A. 
Risk Factors
In addition to the factors discussed elsewhere in this Report, the following risks and uncertainties could have a material adverse affect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Although the risks are organized and described separately, many of the risks are interrelated. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial also may impair our business operations and financial condition. 
Business and Operational Risks
Deterioration of global macroeconomic conditions, including economic recession or slow growth or periods of higher inflation in key markets may adversely affect consumer spending and demand for our products.
Global macroeconomic conditions can be uncertain and volatile. We have in the past been, and may continue to be, adversely affected by changes in global macroeconomic conditions, including geopolitical conflicts, global supply chain challenges (including imposed and threatened tariffs by the U.S. and reciprocal tariffs by its trading partners), inflation, consumer spending patterns, recession, rising interest rates, energy availability and costs, labor shortages, pandemics or other local or global health issues. Volatility in financial markets and deterioration of global macroeconomic conditions could impact our business and results of operations in a number of ways, including but not limited to, the following:
•
higher commodity prices and other increased input costs could continue due to supply chain shortages or supply chain disruptions, which may not be sufficiently mitigated;
•
the scope, timing and duration of tariffs on imports and exports and any retaliatory measures on U.S. goods remain uncertain and could impact our business;
•
the failure of third parties on which we rely, including but not limited to, those that supply our packaging, ingredients, equipment and other necessary operating materials, contract manufacturers and independent contractors, to meet their obligations to us, or significant disruptions in their ability to do so;
•
a shift in consumer spending during periods of economic uncertainty or inflation that could result in consumers purchasing private label or other lower price products;
6 
•
a change in demand for or availability of our products, as a result of retailers, distributors, or carriers modifying their inventory, fulfillment or shipping practices; 
•
a disruption to our distribution capabilities or our distribution channels, including those of our suppliers, contract manufacturers, logistics service providers or independent distributors; and
•
future volatility or disruption in the financial markets could negatively impact our liquidity or increase costs of borrowing.
These and other impacts of global macroeconomic conditions could also heighten many of the other risk factors discussed in this Item 1A, or in other reports we periodically file with the SEC. Our sensitivity to global macroeconomic conditions could materially impact our business, results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity.
Changes in global trade policies, including imposed and threatened tariffs by the U.S. and reciprocal tariffs by its trading partners, remain uncertain and could impact our financial condition or results of operations.
The current U.S. presidential administration has announced a wide range of tariffs on certain ingredients, inputs and imports from many countries, including Canada, Mexico, members of the European Union and the United Kingdom. The imposition of such tariffs have resulted in increased costs, including on ingredients, packaging, such as tinplate steel used to make cans, and other materials used to produce and distribute our products, and on finished products that we import. We are continuing to monitor the rapidly evolving tariff and global trade policies and are working with our suppliers to mitigate potential impacts on our business. The extent and duration of the tariffs and the resulting impact on general economic conditions and on our business are uncertain and depend on various factors, such as recent legal challenges to the U.S.'s imposition of tariffs, negotiations between the U.S. and affected countries, the responses of other countries or regions, relief that may be granted, availability and cost of alternative sources of supply and demand for our products in affected markets. The uncertainty of the tariffs, including a potential increase in input costs and decrease in demand for our products, could heighten the other risks factors and uncertainties discussed in this Item 1A, or in other reports we periodically file with the SEC, and impact our financial condition or results of operations. Furthermore, our competitors may be less exposed to tariff impacts or in a better position to mitigate the increased costs of tariffs.
We may not be able to increase prices or sustain price increases to fully offset inflationary pressures on costs, such as raw and

packaging materials, finished products, labor and distribution costs.
As a manufacturer of food and beverage products, we rely on plant labor, distribution resources and raw and packaging materials including tomatoes, tomato paste, grains, beef, poultry, dairy, olive oil, vegetable oil, wheat, potatoes and other vegetables, steel, aluminum, glass, paper and resin. We also purchase finished products from domestic and international suppliers. Many of these items are subject to price fluctuations from a number of factors, including but not limited to geopolitical conflicts, shifting global trade policies (including tariffs and retaliatory measures), import and export requirements, product scarcity, demand for raw materials, commodity market speculation, energy costs, currency fluctuations, supplier capacities, government-sponsored agricultural programs and other government policy, climate change, changes in crop size, cattle cycles, herd and flock disease, crop disease, crop pests, drought and excessive rain, temperature extremes and other adverse weather events, water scarcity, scarcity of suitable agricultural land, scarcity of organic ingredients, pandemics or other local or global health issues, environmental and other sustainability regulations and other factors that may be beyond our control. 
We try to mitigate some or all cost increases through increases in the selling prices of, or decreases in the packaging sizes of, some of our products. Higher product prices or smaller packaging sizes may result in reductions in sales volume. Consumers may be less willing to pay a price differential for our branded products and may increasingly purchase private label or other lower-priced offerings, or may forego some purchases altogether, during an economic downturn or times of increased inflationary pressure. To the extent that price increases or packaging size decreases are not sufficient to offset these increased costs adequately or in a timely manner, and/or if they result in significant decreases in sales volume or a shift in sales mix to private label or other lower-margin offerings, our business results and financial condition may be adversely affected. Furthermore, we may not be able to fully offset cost increases through productivity initiatives or through our commodity hedging activity.
During 2025, we experienced some volatility in commodity and supply chain costs, including the costs of labor, raw materials, energy, fuel, packaging materials and finished products, with a moderate impact from tariffs in the fourth quarter. In 2026, we expect more significant cost pressures primarily driven by tariff impacts. We plan to reduce some of these costs and impacts over time through cost savings initiatives, inventory management practices, supplier collaboration, alternative sourcing opportunities, continued supply chain productivity initiatives, surgical pricing actions where necessary and other mitigation efforts. If we cannot effectively mitigate these costs, our results could be adversely impacted.
7 
Disruption to our supply chain could adversely affect our business.
Our ability to manufacture and/or sell our products may be impaired by damage or disruption to our manufacturing, warehousing or distribution capabilities, or to the capabilities of our suppliers, contract manufacturers, logistics service providers or independent distributors. This damage or disruption could result from execution issues, as well as factors that are hard to predict or beyond our control such as changing trade policies, geopolitical conflicts, product or raw material scarcity, disruptions in logistics, supplier capacity constraints, increased temperatures due to climate change, water stress, extreme weather events, natural disasters, fire, terrorism, pandemics or other local or global health issues, strikes, labor shortages, cybersecurity breaches, government shutdowns or other events. Commodity prices continue to be volatile. Production of the agricultural commodities used in our business may also be adversely affected by drought and excessive rain, temperature extremes and other adverse weather events, water scarcity, scarcity of suitable agricultural land, scarcity of organic ingredients, crop size, cattle cycles, herd and flock disease, crop disease and crop pests. Failure to take adequate steps to mitigate the likelihood or potential impact of such events, or to effectively manage such events if they occur, may adversely affect our business or financial results, particularly in circumstances when a product is sourced from a single supplier or location or produced at a single location. For example, the substantial majority of our 
Rao’s 
tomato-based sauce products are produced by a third-party contract manufacturer at a single facility in Italy and the remainder of our 
Rao’s 
tomato-based sauce products are produced at a single facility in the U.S. If a dispute arises with such contract manufacturer, or if the contract manufacturer experiences financial, operational or other issues, we may be required to make alternative arrangements to produce 
Rao’s 
tomato-based sauce products, such as assuming manufacturing operations on our own or finding one or more alternative contract manufacturing arrangements, which could be costly or time-consuming. In addition, disputes with significant suppliers, contract manufacturers, logistics service providers or independent distributors, including disputes regarding pricing, performance or production, may also adversely affect our ability to manufacture and/or sell our products, as well as our business or financial results.
Our results may be adversely affected by our inability to complete or realize the projected benefits of acquisitions, divestitures and other strategic transactions. 
We have historically made strategic acquisitions and divestitures of brands and businesses and we may undertake additional acquisitions, divestitures or other strategic transactions in the future. Our ability to meet our objectives with respect to acquisitions, divestitures and other strategic transactions may depend, as applicable, on our ability to identify suitable acquisition targets, buyers or counterparties; negotiate favorable financial and other contractual terms; obtain all necessary regulatory approvals on the terms expected; and complete those transactions. 
If we are unable to complete acquisitions, divestitures or other strategic transactions or successfully integrate and develop acquired businesses or divest existing businesses, including, as applicable, the effective management of such activities, we could fail to achieve the anticipated synergies, cost savings, or increases in revenues and 
operating
 results. Additional risks include the diversion of management attention from our existing business or other business concerns, potential loss of key employees, suppliers, or customers from the acquired or divested businesses, assumption of unknown risks and liabilities, greater than anticipated operating costs of the acquired business, the inability to promptly implement an effective control environment, risks inherent in entering markets or lines of business with which we have limited or no prior experience, 
the inability to separate divested businesses or business units effectively and efficiently from our existing business operations, and the inability to reduce or eliminate associated overhead costs. 
Any of these factors, and 
our inability to complete or realize the projected benefits of future acquisitions, divestitures or other strategic transactions, 
could have a material adverse effect on our business or financial results
.
Our intellectual property rights are valuable, and any inability to protect them could reduce the value of our products and brands.
We consider our intellectual property rights, particularly our trademarks, to be a significant and valuable aspect of our business. We protect our intellectual property rights through a combination of trademark, patent, copyright and trade secret protection, contractual agreements and policing of third-party misuses of our intellectual property in traditional retail and digital environments. Our failure to obtain or adequately protect our intellectual property, including in response to developing artificial intelligence technologies, or any change in law that lessens or removes the current legal protections of our intellectual property may diminish our competitiveness and adversely affect our business and financial results.
Competing intellectual property claims that impact our brands or products may arise unexpectedly. Any litigation or disputes regarding intellectual property may be costly and time-consuming and may divert the attention of our management and key personnel from our business operations. We also may be subject to significant damages or injunctions against development, launch and sale of certain products. Any of these occurrences may harm our business and financial results.
8 
Our results may be adversely impacted if consumers do not maintain their favorable perception of our brands.
We have a number of iconic brands with significant value. Maintaining and continually enhancing the value of these brands is critical to the success of our business. Brand value is primarily based on consumer perceptions. Success in promoting and enhancing brand value depends in large part on our ability to provide high-quality products. Brand value could diminish significantly due to a number of factors, including consumer perception that we have acted in an irresponsible manner, adverse publicity about our products, packaging, waste management, ingredients, or our environmental, social, human capital or governance practices, our failure to maintain the quality of our products, the failure of our products to deliver consistently positive consumer experiences, consumer trends emphasizing health and wellness, or the products becoming unavailable to consumers. The growing use of social and digital media by consumers increases the speed and extent that information and opinions can be shared. Negative posts or comments about us, our brands, products or packaging on social or digital media could seriously damage our brands and reputation. In addition, we might fail to appropriately target our marketing efforts, anticipate consumer preferences, or invest sufficiently in maintaining our brand image. If we do not maintain the favorable perception of our brands, our results could be adversely impacted.
We may be adversely impacted by a disruption, failure or security breach of our information technology systems.
Our information technology systems are critically important to our operations. We rely on our information technology systems (some of which are outsourced to third parties) to manage our data, communications and business processes, including our marketing, sales, manufacturing, procurement, supply chain, customer service, accounting and administrative functions and the importance of such networks and systems has increased due to an increase in our employees working remotely. If we do not obtain and effectively manage the resources and materials necessary to build, sustain and protect appropriate information technology systems, our business or financial results could be adversely impacted. Furthermore, our information technology systems are subject to attack or other security breaches (including the access to or acquisition of customer, consumer, employee or other confidential information), service disruptions or other system failures. If we are unable to prevent or adequately respond to and resolve these disruptions, failures or breaches, our operations may be impacted, and we may suffer other adverse consequences such as reputational damage, litigation, remediation costs, ransomware payments and/or penalties under various data protection laws and regulations.
Cyber threats are constantly evolving, are becoming more frequent and more sophisticated and are being made by groups of individuals and state actors with a wide range of expertise and motives. Additionally, continued geopolitical turmoil has heightened the risk of cyberattacks. We have previously experienced threats and breaches to our data and systems and although we have not experienced a breach that had a material impact on our operations or business, there can be no assurance that these measures will prevent or limit the impact of a future incident. In addition, in the event our suppliers or customers experience a breach or system failure, their businesses could be disrupted or otherwise negatively affected, which may result in a disruption in our supply chain or reduced customer orders, which would adversely affect our business and financial results. We have also outsourced several information technology support services and administrative functions to third-party service providers, and may outsource other functions in the future to achieve cost savings and efficiencies. 
New and emerging technologies, including artificial intelligence, that could result in greater operational efficiency may further expose our computer systems to the risk of cyberattacks. Our initiatives to continue to modernize our operations, increase data digitalization and improve our production facilities may increase potential exposure to cybersecurity risks and increase the complexity of our cybersecurity program. In addition, the rapid evolution and increased adoption of artificial intelligence technologies may intensify our cybersecurity risks. We may incur increased costs in protecting against or remediating cyberattacks or other cyber incidents. As cyberattacks increase in frequency and magnitude around the world, we may be unable to obtain cybersecurity insurance in the amounts and on the terms we view as appropriate and favorable for our operations.
To address the risks to our information technology systems and the associated costs, we maintain an information security program that includes updating technology and security policies, cybersecurity insurance, employee awareness training and monitoring and routine testing of our information technology systems. We believe that these preventative and detective actions provide adequate measures of protection against security breaches, generally reduce our cybersecurity risks and enhance our ability to prevent, detect and respond to disruptive events. Our information security program includes capabilities designed to evaluate and mitigate cyber risks arising from third-party service providers. We believe that these capabilities provide insights and visibility to the security posture of our third-party service providers; however, cyber threats to those organizations are beyond our control. If these service providers do not perform effectively due to breach or system failure, we may not be able to achieve the expected benefits, and our business may be disrupted.
9 
We may not be able to attract and retain the highly skilled people we need to support our business.
We depend on the skills and continued service of key personnel, including our experienced management team. In addition, our ability to achieve our strategic and operating goals depends on our ability to identify, hire, train and retain qualified individuals, including all levels of skilled labor in our manufacturing facilities. We also compete with other companies both within and outside of our industry for talented personnel, and we may lose key personnel or fail to attract, train and retain other talented personnel. Any such loss or failure may adversely affect our business or financial results. In addition, activities related to identifying, recruiting, hiring and integrating qualified individuals may require significant time and expense. We may not be able to locate suitable replacements for any key employees who leave, or offer employment to potential replacements on reasonable terms, each of which may adversely affect our business and financial results. 
Over the past few years, particularly related to certain segments of manufacturing, we have experienced an increasingly competitive labor market. A sustained labor shortage or increased turnover rates within our employee base, as a result of general macroeconomic factors, could lead to increased costs, such as increased overtime to meet demand and increased wage rates to attract and retain employees, and could negatively affect our ability to efficiently operate our manufacturing and distribution facilities and overall business. If we are unable to hire and retain employees capable of performing at a high-level, or if mitigation measures we may take to respond to a decrease in labor availability have unintended negative effects, our business could be adversely affected.
If we do not fully realize the expected cost savings and/or operating efficiencies associated with our strategic initiatives, our profitability could suffer.
Our future success and earnings growth depend in part on our ability to achieve the appropriate cost structure and operate efficiently in the highly competitive food industry, particularly in an environment of volatile cost inputs. We continuously pursue initiatives to reduce costs and increase effectiveness. See "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Restructuring Charges, Cost Savings Initiatives and Other Optimization Initiatives" for additional information on these initiatives. We also regularly pursue cost productivity initiatives in procurement, manufacturing and logistics. Any failure or delay in implementing our initiatives in accordance with our plans could adversely affect our ability to meet our long-term growth and profitability expectations and could adversely affect our business. If we do not continue to effectively manage costs and achieve additional efficiencies, our competitiveness and our profitability could decrease. 
Competitive and Industry Risks
We face significant competition in all our product categories, which may result in lower sales and margins.
We operate in the highly competitive food and beverage industry mainly in the North American market and experience competition in all of our categories. The principal areas of competition are brand recognition, taste, nutritional value, price, promotion, innovation, shelf space and customer service. A number of our primary competitors are larger than us, may be less exposed to tariff impacts, and have substantial financial, marketing and other resources, and some of our competitors may spend more aggressively on advertising and promotional activities than we do. Attractive pricing, product placement and visibility, securing new retailers, and maintaining or increasing shelf space for our products may also affect our ability to remain competitive. Even if we obtain our desired product visibility and shelf space, we may not achieve retailers’ sales expectations, which could cause these retailers to reduce shelf space for our products. In addition, reduced barriers to entry and easier access to funding are creating new competition. A strong competitive response from one or more of these competitors to our marketplace efforts, or a continued shift towards private label offerings, particularly during periods of economic uncertainty or significant inflation, could result in us reducing prices and/or increasing promotions, increasing marketing or other expenditures, each of which may result in lower sales and/or margins. 
Our ability to compete also depends upon our ability to predict, identify, and interpret the tastes and dietary habits of consumers and to offer products that appeal to those preferences. There are inherent marketplace risks associated with new product or packaging introductions, including uncertainties about trade and consumer acceptance. If we do not succeed in offering products that consumers want to buy, our sales and market share will decrease, resulting in reduced profitability. If we are unable to accurately predict which shifts in consumer preferences will be long-lasting, or are unable to introduce new and improved products to satisfy those preferences, our sales will decline. Weak economic conditions, recessions, significant inflation, government regulation (including in the health and wellness space) and other factors, such as pandemics, could affect consumer preferences and demand. In addition, given the variety of backgrounds and identities of consumers in our consumer base, we must offer a sufficient array of products to satisfy the broad spectrum of consumer preferences. As such, we must be successful in developing innovative products across a multitude of product categories. We must also be able to respond successfully to technological advances (including artificial intelligence and machine learning, which may become critical in interpreting consumer preferences in the future) and intellectual property rights of our competitors, and failure to do so could compromise our competitive position and negatively impact our product sales. Finally, if we fail to rapidly develop products in faster-growing and more profitable categories, we could experience reduced demand for our products, or fail to expand 
10 
margins. 
We may be adversely impacted by a changing customer landscape and the increased significance of some of our customers.
Our businesses are largely concentrated in the traditional retail grocery trade, which has experienced slower growth than other retail channels, such as dollar stores, club stores and e-commerce retailers. We expect this trend away from traditional retail grocery to alternate channels to continue in the future. These alternative retail channels may also create consumer price deflation, affecting our retail customer relationships and presenting additional challenges to increasing prices in response to commodity or other cost increases. In addition, retailers with increased buying power and negotiating strength are seeking more favorable terms, including increased promotional programs and customized products funded by their suppliers. These customers may also use more of their shelf space for their private label products, which are generally sold at lower prices than branded products. If we are unable to use our scale, marketing, product innovation and category leadership positions to respond to these customer dynamics, our business or financial results could be adversely impacted. 
In 2025, our five largest customers accounted for approximately 
47
% of our consolidated net sales, with the largest customer, Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. and its affiliates, accounting for approximately 
21
% of our consolidated net sales. There can be no assurance that our largest customers will continue to purchase our products in the same mix or quantities, or on the same terms as in the past. Disruption of sales to any of these customers, or to any of our other large customers, for an extended period of time could adversely affect our business or financial results.
Financial and Economic Risks
An impairment of the carrying value of goodwill or other indefinite-lived intangible assets could adversely affect our financial results and net worth.

As of August 3, 2025, we had goodwill of $4.991 billion and other indefinite-lived intangible assets of $3.678 billion. Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are initially recorded at fair value and not amortized, but are tested for impairment at least annually in the fourth quarter or more frequently if impairment indicators arise. We test goodwill at the reporting unit level by comparing the carrying value of the net assets of the reporting unit, including goodwill, to the unit's fair value. Similarly, we test indefinite-lived intangible assets by comparing the fair value of the assets to their carrying values. Fair value for both goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets is determined based on discounted cash flow analyses. If the carrying values of the reporting unit or indefinite-lived intangible assets exceed their fair value, the goodwill or indefinite-lived intangible assets are considered impaired. Factors that could result in an impairment include the impact of tariffs and a change in revenue growth rates, operating margins, weighted average cost of capital, future economic and market conditions or assumed royalty rates. See “Critical Accounting Estimates” and Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information on impairment charges recognized in 2024 and 2025. If current expectations for growth rates for sales and profits are not met, or other market factors and macroeconomic conditions were to change, we may be required in the future to record impairment of the carrying value of goodwill or other indefinite-lived intangible assets, which could adversely affect our financial results and net worth. 
We may be adversely impacted by increased liabilities and costs related to

our defined benefit pension plans.
We sponsor a number of defined benefit pension plans for certain employees in the U.S. and certain non-U.S. locations. The major defined benefit pension plans are funded with trust assets invested in a globally diversified portfolio of securities and other investments. Changes in regulatory requirements or the market value of plan assets, investment returns, interest rates and mortality rates may affect the funded status of our defined benefit pension plans and cause volatility in the net periodic benefit cost, future funding requirements of the plans and the funded status as recorded on the balance sheet. A significant increase in our obligations, future funding requirements, or net periodic benefit costs could have a material adverse effect on our financial results.
We face risks related to inflation, recession, financial market disruptions

and other economic conditions.
Customer and consumer demand for our products may be impacted by weak economic conditions, recession, equity market volatility or other negative economic factors in the U.S. or other nations. For instance in 2025, the U.S. experienced elevated inflationary pressures. In 2026, we may continue to experience elevated inflationary pressures and may not be able to fully mitigate the impact of inflation through continued price increases, productivity initiatives and cost savings, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. In addition, if the U.S. economy enters a recession in 2026, we may experience sales declines and may have to decrease prices, all of which could have a material adverse impact on our financial results.
Similarly, disruptions in financial markets may impact our ability to manage normal commercial relationships with our customers, suppliers and creditors and

might cause us to not be able to continue to have access to preferred sources of liquidity when needed or on terms we find acceptable, and our borrowing costs could increase. An economic or credit crisis could occur and impair credit availability and our ability to raise capital when needed. A disruption in the financial markets may have a negative effect on our derivative counterparties and could impair our banking or other business partners, on whom we rely for 
11 
access to capital and as counterparties to our derivative contracts. In addition, changes in tax or interest rates in the U.S. or other nations, whether due to recession, economic disruptions or other reasons, may adversely impact us.
We may be adversely impacted by our substantial indebtedness.
As of August 3, 2025, we maintained approximately $6.857 billion of indebtedness, and this level of indebtedness may have important consequences to our business, including but not limited to:
•
increasing the possibility of a downgrade in our credit rating;
•
increasing our exposure to fluctuations in interest rates;
•
subjecting us to new financial and other covenants;
•
increasing our vulnerability to, and reducing our flexibility to respond to, general adverse economic and industry conditions;
•
limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate, including undertaking significant capital projects;
•
placing us at a competitive disadvantage as compared to our competitors, to the extent that they are not as highly leveraged; and
•
restricting us from pursuing certain business opportunities, including other acquisitions.
In addition, we regularly access the commercial paper markets for working capital needs and other general corporate purposes. If our credit ratings are downgraded, we may have difficulty issuing additional debt securities or borrowing money in the amounts and on the terms that might be available if our credit ratings were maintained. See “Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Liquidity and Capital Resources” for additional information regarding our indebtedness.
Disruptions in the commercial paper market or other effects of volatile economic conditions on the financial markets may also reduce the amount of commercial paper that we can issue and raise our borrowing costs for both short- and long-term debt offerings. There can be no assurance that we will have access to the financial markets on terms we find acceptable. Limitations on our ability to access the financial markets, a reduction in our liquidity or an increase in our borrowing costs may adversely affect our business and financial results.
Legal and Regulatory Risks
We may be adversely impacted by legal and regulatory proceedings or claims.
We are a party to a variety of legal and regulatory proceedings and claims arising out of the normal course of business. See Note 18 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding certain legal proceedings. Since these actions are inherently uncertain, there is no guarantee that we will be successful in defending ourselves against such proceedings or claims, or that our assessment of the materiality or immateriality of these matters, including any reserves taken in connection with such matters, will be consistent with the ultimate outcome of such proceedings or claims. The manufacture and marketing of food products has come under increased scrutiny in recent years, and the food industry has been subject to changes in laws and regulations at the state and federal levels and an increasing number of proceedings and claims relating to alleged false or deceptive marketing under federal, state and foreign laws or regulations. In light of recent actions by the United States Department of Health and Human Services, FDA and states, we anticipate continued legislative and regulatory developments with respect to food ingredients, labeling and packaging at the state and federal levels, along with related changes in consumer expectations and behavior. In April 2025, the FDA called on industry to phase out all “petroleum-based synthetic dyes” from the nation’s food supply, and in May 2025, the Make America Healthy Again (MAHA) Commission published an assessment report discussing factors contributing to chronic childhood disease including diet, environmental exposure, lack of physical activity and healthcare. The MAHA Commission transmitted its strategy report, setting forth certain recommendations for addressing chronic childhood disease, to the President in August 2025 and publicly released it in September 2025. While the effects of all of these proposals remain uncertain at this time, we are continuing to monitor changes to laws and regulations that affect the food industry and evaluate their impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Additionally, the independent contractor distribution model, which is used in our Snacks segment, has also come under increased regulatory scrutiny. Our independent contractor distribution model has also been the subject of various class and individual lawsuits in recent years. In the event we are unable to successfully defend ourselves against these proceedings or claims, or if our assessment of the materiality of these proceedings or claims proves inaccurate, our business or financial results may be adversely affected. In addition, our reputation could be damaged by allegations made in proceedings or claims (even if untrue).
12 
If we fail to comply with the many laws applicable to our business, we may face lawsuits or incur significant fines and penalties. In addition, changes in such laws, regulations or other policies may lead to increased costs.
The manufacture and marketing of food products is extensively regulated. Various laws and regulations govern the processing, ingredients (including but not limited to FD&C colors), packaging (including but not limited to potential impacts of EPR regulations and laws), waste management, storage, distribution, marketing, advertising, labeling, import/export requirements, quality and safety of our food products, as well as the health and safety of our employees and the protection of the environment. In the U.S., we are subject to regulation by various federal government agencies, including but not limited to the FDA, the Department of Agriculture, the Federal Trade Commission, the Department of Labor, the Department of Commerce, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration and the Environmental Protection Agency, as well as various state and local agencies. We are also regulated by similar agencies outside the U.S. See Note 18 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding regulatory matters.
Governmental and administrative bodies within the U.S. have made a variety of tax, trade and other regulatory reforms. Trade reforms include tariffs on certain materials used in the manufacture of our products and tariffs on certain finished products. For a discussion of certain risks and uncertainties of tariff impacts on our financial condition or results of operations, see Item 1A - Business and Operational Risks - Changes in global trade policies, including imposed and threatened tariffs by the U.S. and reciprocal tariffs by its trading partners, remain uncertain and could impact our financial condition or results of operations.
We also regularly move data across national and state borders to conduct our operations and, consequently, are subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the U.S. and other jurisdictions regarding privacy, data protection and data security, including those related to the collection, storage, handling, use, disclosure, transfer and security of personal data. There is significant uncertainty with respect to compliance with such privacy and data protection laws and regulations because they are continuously evolving and developing and may be interpreted and applied differently from country to country and state to state and may create inconsistent or conflicting requirements.
Changes in legal or regulatory requirements (such as but not limited to new food safety requirements and revised regulatory requirements for the labeling of nutrition facts, serving sizes and genetically modified ingredients or new EPR regulations and laws), evolving interpretations of existing legal or regulatory requirements, or an increased focus regarding environmental policies relating to climate change, climate reporting, regulating greenhouse gas emissions, energy policies and sustainability, may result in increased compliance cost, capital expenditures and other financial obligations that could adversely affect our business and financial results. 
We may suffer losses if changes to regulations require us to change the ingredients we use or how we process, package, transport, store, distribute, advertise, or label our products. Moreover, depending on the implementation of such regulatory changes, we could have increased risk for a product recall or have existing inventory become unsellable, which could materially and adversely impact our product sales, financial condition and operating res
ults.
If our food products become adulterated or are mislabeled, we might need to recall those items, and we may experience product liability claims and damage to our reputation.
We have in the past and we may, in the future, need to recall some of our products if they become adulterated or if they are mislabeled, and we may also be liable if the consumption of any of our products causes sickness or injury to consumers. A widespread product recall could result in significant losses due to the costs of a recall, the destruction of product inventory, and lost sales due to the unavailability of product for a period of time. We could also suffer losses from a significant adverse product liability judgment. A significant product recall or product liability claim could also result in adverse publicity, damage to our reputation, and a loss of consumer confidence in the safety and/or quality of our products, ingredients or packaging. In addition, if another company recalls or experiences negative publicity related to a product in a category in which we compete, consumers might reduce their overall consumption of products in that category.
Climate change, or legal, regulatory or market measures to address climate change, may negatively affect our business and operations.
There is growing concern that carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere may have an adverse impact on global temperatures, weather patterns, and the frequency and severity of extreme weather and natural disasters. In the event that such climate change has a negative effect on agricultural productivity, we may be subject to decreased availability or less favorable pricing for certain commodities that are necessary for our products, such as wheat, tomatoes, potatoes, cocoa and olive oil. Adverse weather conditions and natural disasters can reduce crop size and crop quality, which in turn could reduce our supplies of raw materials, lower recoveries of usable raw materials, increase the prices of our raw materials, increase our cost of storing and transporting our raw materials, or disrupt production schedules. We may also be subjected to decreased availability or less favorable pricing for water as a result of such change, which could impact our manufacturing and distribution operations. In addition, natural disasters and extreme weather conditions may disrupt the productivity of our facilities or the operation of our supply chain. 
13 
There is an increased focus by regulatory and legislative bodies regarding environmental policies relating to climate change, climate reporting, regulating greenhouse gas emissions (including carbon pricing regulations, cap and trade systems or a carbon tax), energy policies and sustainability. Increased compliance costs and expenses due to the impacts of climate change and additional legal or regulatory requirements regarding climate change that are designed to reduce or mitigate the effects of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gas emissions on the environment may cause disruptions in, or an increase in the costs associated with, the running of our manufacturing facilities and our business, as well as increase distribution and supply chain costs. Moreover, compliance with any such legal or regulatory requirements may require us to make significant changes in our business operations and strategy, which will likely require us to devote substantial time and attention to these matters and cause us to incur additional costs. Even if we make changes to align ourselves with such legal or regulatory requirements, we may still be subject to significant penalties or potential litigation if such laws and regulations are interpreted and applied in a manner inconsistent with our practices. The physical effects and transitional costs of climate change and legal, regulatory or market initiatives to address climate change could have a long-term adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Our business is subject to an increasing focus on sustainability matters.
From time to time we establish and publicly announce sustainability goals and commitments, including reducing our impact on the environment and relating to animal welfare. For example, we established science-based targets for Scope 1, 2 and 3 greenhouse gas emissions. Our ability to achieve any stated goal, target or objective is subject to numerous factors and conditions, many of which are outside of our control. Examples of such factors include evolving regulatory requirements affecting sustainability standards or disclosures or imposing different requirements, the pace of changes in technology and its market availability, the availability of requisite financing, the availability of suppliers and products that can meet our sustainability and other standards, and changing business dynamics including acquisitions. 
Furthermore, standards for tracking and reporting such matters continue to evolve. Our selection of voluntary disclosure frameworks and standards, and the interpretation or application of those frameworks and standards, may change from time to time or differ from those of others. Methodologies for reporting these data may be updated and previously reported data may be adjusted to reflect improvement in availability and quality of third-party data, changing assumptions, changes in the nature and scope of our operations (including from acquisitions and divestitures), and other changes in circumstances, which could result in significant revisions to our current goals, reported progress in achieving such goals, or ability to achieve such goals in the future.
 If we fail to achieve, or are perceived to have failed to achieve or have been delayed in achieving, or improperly report our progress toward achieving these goals and commitments, it could negatively affect consumer or customer preference for our products or investor confidence in our stock, as well as expose us to enforcement actions and litigation.
Additionally, we might fail to effectively address increased attention from the media, stockholders, activists and other stakeholders on climate change and other environmental sustainability matters or animal welfare goals, including attention from stakeholders with opposing views on such matters. Such failure, or the perception that we have failed to act responsibly regarding climate change or animal welfare, whether or not valid, could result in adverse publicity and negatively affect our business and reputation.
Our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected by disruptions in the global economy caused by ongoing geopolitical conflicts.
The global economy has been negatively impacted by ongoing geopolitical conflicts, including the military conflicts between Russia and Ukraine, the conflicts in the Middle East, as well as tensions between China and Taiwan. For instance, governments in the U.S., United Kingdom and European Union have each imposed export controls on certain products and financial and economic sanctions on certain industry sectors and parties in Russia. Although we have no operations in Russia, Ukraine, the Middle East, China or Taiwan, we have experienced shortages in materials and increased costs for transportation, energy and raw material due in part to the negative impact of these ongoing geopolitical conflicts on the global economy. The scope and duration of such conflicts are uncertain, rapidly changing and hard to predict. Further escalation of these geopolitical conflicts, including increased trade barriers or restrictions on global trade, could result in, among other things, cyberattacks, supply disruptions, lower consumer demand, and changes to foreign exchange rates and financial markets, any of which may adversely affect our business and supply chain. In addition, the effects of the ongoing conflicts could also heighten many of the other risk factors discussed in this Item 1A, or in other reports we periodically file with the SEC. 
Item 1B. 
Unresolved Staff Comments
None.
Item 1C. 
Cybersecurity
Cybersecurity Risk Management and Strategy
Enterprise risk management (ERM) is an integral part of our business processes and our ERM framework considers cybersecurity risk, alongside other company risks, as part of our overall risk assessment process.
 We follow an industry-leading 
14 
National Institute of Standards and Technology cybersecurity framework (NIST CSF) and have developed a comprehensive information security program for assessing, identifying and managing cybersecurity risks that is designed to protect our systems and data from unauthorized access, use or other security impact. 
As part of our information security program, we continuously monitor and update our information technology networks and infrastructure. We have dedicated internal legal, compliance and information security teams, and 
leverage consultants and third-party service providers
 to inform our understanding of the threat landscape and to identify, prevent, detect, address and mitigate risks associated with unauthorized access, misuse, computer viruses and other events that could have a security impact. Our information security strategy focuses on complying with applicable data privacy and protection laws, maintaining the availability of our manufacturing operations, protecting data, detecting and responding to threats, building resiliency and providing a secure foundation for growth and innovation. We invest in industry standard security technology to protect the company’s data and business processes against risk of cybersecurity incidents. Our data security management program includes identity, trust, vulnerability and threat management business processes, as well as adoption of standard data protection policies. 
We measure our data security effectiveness by benchmarking against industry-accepted methods, presenting the results to our Board and Audit Committee for evaluation, and making improvements based on such evaluation. We maintain and routinely test backup systems and disaster recovery and also have processes in place to prevent disruptions resulting from our implementation of new software and systems. 
We maintain a third-party cyber risk management process to review and monitor critical suppliers regularly for cybersecurity risk and prescribe remediation activities when necessary.

We train our employees through annual security training, phishing simulations and regular communications about timely security topics to enhance their understanding of cybersecurity threats and their ability to identify and escalate potential cybersecurity events. We have a cross-functional crisis management team comprised of business unit and functional leaders and a crisis management plan that includes procedures for identifying, containing and responding to cybersecurity incidents. 
We engage third-party cybersecurity experts to conduct tabletop exercises with our executive leadership to enhance incident response preparedness.

Our cybersecurity risk management strategy includes the use of cybersecurity insurance that provides protection against certain potential losses arising from certain cybersecurity incidents; however, such insurance may not insure us against all claims related to security breaches, cyberattacks and other related breaches. 
The company has previously experienced threats and breaches to its data and systems but has not experienced a breach that had a material impact on its operations or business and has not incurred any material breach-related expenses for the last three years that are reasonably likely to materially affect the company or its business strategy, results of operations or financial condition.
 However, as discussed in “