Item 1. Business
Company overview
We are a rapidly growing independent insurance agency, reinventing the traditional approach to distributing personal lines policies throughout the United States. Our differentiated business model and innovative technology platform have enabled us to deliver insurance customers a superior experience, as evidenced by our 89 Net Promoter Score, which is 4.0x the 2024 Industry Average according to Qualtrics XM Institute. To fully appreciate the value of our model, there are three lenses with which you can view us – from the perspective of 1) the insurance buyer; 2) the agent; and 3) the carrier. 
Insurance buyer perspective
Insurance buyers desire to have the right coverage, based on their risk tolerance, at the lowest possible price, written with a reputable company who will respond quickly and fairly when they need to file a claim – desires that we believe only an independent insurance agent can fulfill. Clients want to accomplish this in a simple, fast, and convenient way that leverages technology to make the client experience effortless. We have built a model that combines a choice product portfolio, knowledgeable sales and service agents, and proprietary technology to deliver on these expectations. 
Choice product platform
Today’s insurance buyer expects choice; we believe that tomorrow’s insurance buyer will demand it. We believe that most clients currently buying through single-product platforms are either over-paying or not properly covered because 1) their current insurance company does not offer the appropriate coverage or 2) valuable coverages were removed to make the pricing competitive. We are able to solve that by partnering with over 200 carriers and using technology to shop for our clients and quickly identify the Carrier who is targeting their segment of the market. This allows us to provide value by finding the right coverage at the lowest price so that the client does not have to spend hours shopping for themselves. 
Knowledgeable sales and service agents
Our clients benefit from the value of having a knowledgeable agent explain and evaluate coverages to help the client make smart insurance buying decisions. Clients will have different insurance needs throughout their lifetime, and our model allows us to serve them at every stage of life. While there are other independent agents who also provide choice, we believe that they lack the scale, depth of talent, and technology of Goosehead, leading to a poorer client experience. Additionally, in contrast to the traditional insurance agency model, we separate the sales function from the service function, thus enabling agents to focus on selling, and service personnel to focus on delivering superior client service. This model has helped drive best-in-class net promoter scores for client service,  4.0x the 2024 P&C industry average according to Qualtrics XM Institute.
Proprietary technology
Independent agents typically are working on outdated technology platforms, leading to delays in insurance quotes and very limited ability to interact with their client. We have leveraged our scale to empower our agents and now our clients with technology that allows them to run quotes and place business quickly and accurately. After signing their documents electronically, clients can engage with Goosehead’s industry-leading service team via phone, text, online chat, or email. 
Goosehead's Digital Agent, a proprietary online quoting platform, allows clients to shop their home and auto insurance rates with top carriers. The Digital Agent combines millions of data points, which includes Goosehead's proprietary quoting data over hundreds of thousands of transactions from 20+ years of experience, to bring clients actual quotes specific to their needs. Clients can then bind these quotes through a short call with one of our local licensed agents with expertise in the client's specific market. All client data is treated confidentially with the client's privacy and security top of mind. Goosehead does not sell or share the client's data without the client's permission.
Our choice model, superior sales and service agents, and proprietary technology have led to 84% client retention during 2024, which we believe is among the best in our industry.
Agent perspective
Among the three largest captive insurance companies, State Farm, Farmers, and Allstate, there are over 39,000 agents in the United States, and these agents face some acute pain points in their businesses. First, only having 
5
one carrier to sell leads to lower close rates and client retention as these companies lack options to move the business to another Carrier. In addition, many agents will lose their ability to write certain lines of business in some areas due to underwriting rules from the carrier – this is especially true after a catastrophic loss in the agent’s city or county. Low close rates are also due to the agents’ outdated and ineffective marketing playbook. They typically pay for expensive retail store-front locations and spend significant amounts of money on paper mailers and internet leads. This broken marketing model leads to high overhead costs and limited success. Additionally, these captive agents are working on outdated technology platforms and many have no economic interest in their book of business. Finally, and most importantly, these agents are responsible for processing all of their client’s service needs in house; the more successful they are at sales, the quicker their growth stalls because of the time necessary to manage customer service work. 
When agents join Goosehead, they immediately get access to sell a wide array of carriers so that they have product to accommodate most clients, which drastically improves close rates. Instead of expensive retail space and spending money on ineffective marketing strategies, they follow our proven go-to-market strategy by developing Referral Partner relationships. This strategy allows them to spend much less on marketing and can yield dozens of high-quality clients referred directly to them, driving higher levels of productivity. All policy fulfillment and servicing is handled by our centralized service team, which retains our clients at 84%, unlocking the agent’s time to focus on new sales. 
Our 12 corporate-owned sales offices and 417 corporate sales agents serve as the blueprint for what is possible in the Goosehead model, and our corporate agents provide critical training and support to help the franchise agents reach their full potential. We have proven that this system delivers superior results as demonstrated by agents, who with a few years tenure, are 2.8x more productive than industry best practice according to Reagan Consulting's 
2024 Best Practices Study
. 
In addition to recruiting current insurance agents with a superior value proposition, we are also bringing in sales and marketing savvy professionals who are attracted to the recession-resistant and residual economics offered by a career in insurance. The value and opportunity we provide to agents has led to our growth to 1,103 operating franchise locations.
Carrier perspective
Insurance carriers are seeking profitable growth, and their focus is on maximizing the ratio of client lifetime value to acquisition costs. Carriers who distribute through independent agents have lots of complexity and costs dealing with thousands of independent representatives with no standard training, different levels of expertise, and no quality control functions. Working with Goosehead allows them to have scale distribution with a single point of contact. Goosehead handles all training and enforces standards through a centralized quality control team. Because Goosehead can provide profitable growth without complexity, it has earned special product access in geographies where Carriers have heavily restricted capacity, and higher commissions than what agents normally earn. Our 2024 average commission rate on new business premium was 14% and on renewal business premium was 12%. Commission rates can vary across Carriers, states and lines of business, and typically range from 10% to 20%. 
Many “insuretech” carriers saw the complexity of working with traditional agents and have sought to build models that eliminate the role of the agent. As they have grown, many have realized that the market still prefers to work with an agent (according to the Independent Insurance Agents & Brokers of America, Inc.), and that Goosehead allows them to reach that segment of the market without all the traditional complexity. We now distribute for many of the insuretechs, increasing the breadth of our product portfolio. Distributing through Goosehead allows Carriers to see higher retention rates and have a better client experience when compared with other distribution channels, increasing the client lifetime value for the carrier. This value enables Goosehead to have a very competitive carrier portfolio, ensuring that clients find the best solution and increasing agents’ close rates. 
By delivering a better client experience, offering a more compelling business opportunity to agents, and driving more value to carrier partners, we have seen growth and profitability as reflected in our financial performance. Total Written Premium, which we believe is the best leading indicator of future revenue growth because it drives our future Core Revenue and gives us potential opportunities to earn Ancillary Revenue in the form of Contingent Commissions, grew 29% to $3.8 billion in 2024, up from $3.0 billion in 2023. This growth has been driven by several factors including (1) our team’s ability to recruit talented agents to our platform; (2) our agents’ leveraging of Goosehead's sales blueprint and proprietary technology leading to higher levels of productivity in winning new business; and (3) our service centers’ ability to retain renewal business.
6
Our Go-to-Market Strategy
Our business model allows both our corporate and franchise sales agents to concentrate on sales and marketing activities related to acquiring new clients and issuing new policies, thus growing New Business Revenue and Renewal Revenue more rapidly than in other systems. Their primary marketing efforts are focused on establishing referral relationships with other financial services providers in their communities using our proprietary marketing strategy.  We do not compensate Referral Partners for leads, but rather they rely on our servicing capabilities to generate repeat business. 
Goosehead’s Digital Agent provides a best-in-class way to shop for personal insurance — allowing clients to find the right coverage at the best price.
The platform provides a simple, transparent, and efficient way to get insurance quotes. With as little as three data points—name, address, and date of birth—the proprietary tool arms clients with actionable home and auto quotes from a variety of A-rated insurance companies in less than two minutes and connects them with a knowledgeable agent to complete the purchase process.
The Digital Agent, available across the U.S., is powered by key data integrations and a proprietary database. It automatically populates information about client's homes and vehicles during the quoting process and combines that information with millions of data points from two decades worth of Goosehead's expert agents’ quoting decisions and accumulated experiences.
Our model, which allows agents to focus on New Business Revenue, is highly differentiated from the traditional insurance agency model. In the traditional agency model, agents are responsible for both new business and ongoing service. The burden of providing ongoing service distracts from the ability to acquire new clients, and ultimately limits an agent's opportunity for growth. Our agents are freed from the burden of ongoing service, and as a result, both corporate sales and franchise agents are substantially more productive than top performers in our industry as it relates to new sales. Compared to the 2024 Best Practices Study, which uses 2023 industry data, our corporate sales agents with more than three years of tenure averaged 2.8x as much New Business Production per Agent in both 2024 and 2023 as the industry best practice. Franchise sales agents with more than three years of tenure averaged 1.9x in 2024 and 1.8x in 2023 as much New Business Production per Agent (Franchise) as the industry best practice.
2024 New Business Revenue per agent by tenure ($000s)
Source: Internal data for 2024; Carrier provided information; Reagan Consulting 
2024 Best Practices Study
 (using 2023 data)
(1)
Represents industry best practice per Reagan Consulting; does not include Unvalidated Producers; most industry agents have tenures significantly longer than 2 to 3 years.
In 2024, New Business Production per Agent in corporate sales was $66 thousand for agents with less than 1 year of tenure and $115 thousand for agents with more than one year of tenure. Including all producers in franchise sales in 2024, New Business Production per Agency was $80 thousand for franchises with less than 1 year of tenure and $115 thousand for franchises with more than one year of tenure.
7
Corporate sales
Corporate sales consists of company-owned and financed operations with employees who are hired, trained and managed by us. Corporate sales also serves as a research and development department, where we develop best practices and beta test new technology before implementing system-wide. Additionally, our corporate sales function serves as an invaluable support network for our franchise sales function, providing sales coaching and mentoring for Franchisees. The majority of candidates are sourced through a combination of on-campus recruiting, employee referrals and highly targeted internet recruiting campaigns. Our recruitment team seeks candidates with strong communication skills who display a high aptitude for learning new concepts, are motivated by professional and financial incentives and display the ability to succeed in a team-oriented environment. After the recruitment team has selected candidates, they are placed into a training class that lasts approximately two weeks. All agents are required to become fully licensed P&C agents prior to training. 
The combination of hiring highly motivated and talented individuals, giving them proper tools and training and removing the burden of ongoing client service allows our corporate sales agents to become significantly more productive than average personal lines agents. Compared to the 2024 Best Practices Study, corporate sales agents with more than three years of tenure averaged 2.8x as much New Business Production per Agent (Corporate) as the industry best practice. 
In corporate sales, we generate Core Revenue in the form of Renewal Commissions, New Business Commissions and non-refundable Agency Fees charged directly to clients for efforts performed in the issuance of new insurance policies. We also generate Ancillary Revenue in the form of Contingent Commissions from Carriers related to the overall growth and loss performance of the Book of Business we have placed with them. Corporate sales is comprised of employed sales agents located in 12 sales offices across Texas, Illinois, Colorado, Ohio, Florida, North Carolina, and Arizona. As of December 31, 2024, we had corporate sales offices operating in the following locations: Westlake, Texas; Coppell, Texas; Fort Worth, Texas; Houston, Texas; The Woodlands, Texas; Austin, Texas; Rosemont, Illinois; Charlotte, North Carolina; Englewood, Colorado; Orlando, Florida; Tempe, Arizona; and Columbus, Ohio.
In 2022, Goosehead began transitioning top corporate sales agents into franchise ownership. These highly successful corporate agents have performed well as agency owners. Owning a Goosehead franchise has become a viable and lucrative career path for top agents, which we believe helps Goosehead recruit top talent in the industry.
Franchise sales
Franchise sales consists of operations that are owned and managed by Franchisees. This distribution is composed of Franchisees and sales agents that they hire as employees in their franchised businesses. Our Franchise Agreement has a ten-year term and governs the terms under which we operate together, defining, among other things, the Initial Franchise Fee, Royalty Fees and other costs a Franchisee pays. Franchisees have contractual rights to revenue related to the Book of Business during the term of their agreement, but we retain ultimate ownership over the policies written in each franchised business. These Franchisees have a contractual relationship with the Company to use our processes, Carrier Appointments, systems, and back-office support team to sell insurance and manage their business. In exchange, the Company is entitled to an Initial Franchise Fee and ongoing Royalty Fees. Our franchise sales function primarily recruits agents with prior business or industry experience. Our franchise sales function has a unique value proposition to experienced agents who understand the limits and pain points of the traditional agency model:
•
Franchise owners and their sales agents gain access to products from multiple Carriers in their markets, allowing the agents to better serve their clients and Referral Partners by providing choice. Captive Agents typically can only sell products from one Carrier.
•
Franchise owners and their sales agents leverage our service centers to handle service requests and process renewals. Most traditional agencies require their agents to handle client service and renewals, which diminishes the time they can devote to winning additional new business and growing their agencies. Traditional agencies can become the victims of their own success as their increasing service burden crowds out time to sell new business.
•
Franchise owners and their sales agents use our well-established and proprietary sales processes to win new business. Franchise sales agents are trained side-by-side with corporate sales agents to leverage our training program, to acquire product and Carrier knowledge, and to utilize our technology and back office support. Our corporate sales function continues its investment in the success of our franchise sales well past initial training in the form of ongoing sales coaching and mentoring. The corporate sales function also serves as fertile recruiting ground for future regional territory managers within our franchise support team. 
8
•
Franchise owners benefit from lean startup costs as they do not require additional employees or a retail location to launch their agencies. Captive Agents are often required to immediately hire two to three additional employees as support staff, lease a storefront location, and contribute a specific percentage of revenue toward an advertising budget. Further, most fixed costs in a traditional agency (e.g., administrative costs, technology fees, training expenses and service costs) are diminished or eliminated in our franchise sales due to Goosehead’s scale, and we expect that fixed costs will continue to decrease as franchise sales grows.
•
Franchise owners own an economic interest in their Books of Business.
The Franchise Development team seeks applicants who have demonstrated a strong capacity to win new business and a desire to own their own business. Our recruiting efforts have helped us create a franchise pool which is significantly more productive than most personal lines agents. Compared to the 2024 Best Practices Study, franchise sales agents with more than three years of tenure averaged 1.9x as much New Business Production per Agent (Franchise) as the industry best practice.
In franchise sales, we earn Core Revenue in the form of New Business Royalty Fees and Renewal Royalty Fees generated by the franchise location. New Business Royalty Fees are set in the Franchise Agreements at 20% of commissions and Agency Fees received during the first term of the policy, and 50% of commissions every term the policy is renewed, including if the policy renewal is with a different carrier.
Cost Recovery Revenue consists of non-refundable Initial Franchise Fees, which compensate us for the training and onboarding efforts to launch a new franchise location, and Interest Income related to Franchisees that elect the payment plan option for their Initial Franchise Fee. 
We started franchising in 2012 and have since expanded rapidly. Premiums in franchise sales grew 33% during 2024. As of December 31, 2024, we have 1,103 franchises operating which represents a 10% decrease in 2024 compared to 2023. We have franchise locations operating in the following states, which cover over 98% of the US population:
Geographic footprint
Operating agencies
State
December 31, 2024
Texas
267 
Florida
81 
California
73 
Illinois
44 
Michigan
44 
Pennsylvania
44 
Louisiana
38 
Georgia
37 
North Carolina
36 
Virginia
35 
Colorado
30 
New Jersey
30 
Missouri
28 
Maryland
27 
Other
289 
Total
(1)
1,103

Profitability of Corporate and Franchise Sales
Both corporate sales and franchise sales generate New Business Commissions and Agency Fees for efforts in identifying, placing, and making effective insurance coverage on behalf of our customers. The Company earns 100% of New Business Commissions and Agency Fees generated by corporate sales and incurs fixed and variable compensation and benefits for corporate sales agents as well as other fulfillment and administrative costs. The Company also earns and records New Business Royalty Fees revenue equal to 20% of the New Business Commissions and Agency Fees generated by franchise sales and incurs fixed and variable fulfillment and administrative costs.
9
Each subsequent term that a policy renews, both corporate sales and franchise sales generate Renewal Commissions by assisting the customer to make effective a renewal policy that satisfies the customer’s current insurance coverage needs. The Company earns 100% of Renewal Commissions generated by corporate sales and incurs fixed and variable compensation and benefits to corporate sales agents, which compensation is typically half the cost of New Business Commissions, as well as other fulfillment and administrative costs. The Company also earns and records Renewal Royalty Fees revenue equal to 50% of the Renewal Commissions generated by franchise sales and incurs fixed and variable fulfillment and administrative costs.
As illustrated in the charts below, the Company’s earnings rate on commissions generated by corporate sales remains constant at 100% of the commission amount for each term a policy remains in force, while its earnings rate on commissions generated by franchise sales increases by 150% from the initial term of the policy to the first renewal term. This increase in earnings rate from the initial term to the first renewal term results in built-in revenue growth for retained franchise sales. The earnings rate then remains constant for all subsequent terms a policy is renewed for both corporate and franchise sales.
Our Service Centers
Both corporate sales and franchise sales are supported by our client service centers. Our service centers are staffed by fully licensed property and casualty service agents, who provide fulfillment and quality control services for newly issued insurance policies, accounting services and ongoing support services for clients. Ongoing support services for clients include: handling client inquiries, facilitating the claims process with Carriers, accepting premium payments and processing policy changes and renewals. Our service agents are also focused on selling additional insurance coverages to clients, which result in additional New Business Revenue. 
Our centralized service team spread across five service centers provides us with the ability to cover the U.S. time zones more broadly, and the ability to better manage business continuity risks. We manage our service centers with the goal to maximize NPS, which we believe maximizes retention. This differentiated level of service has enabled us to earn an NPS of 89 in 2024, a modest decrease from 92 in 2023 and 4.0x the 2024 industry average, according to Qualtrics XM Institute and Bain & Company, Inc. Our high degree of client satisfaction drove our 84% Client Retention rate during 2024, which we believe to be among the highest in the industry. Our retention rate is even stronger on a premium basis. In 2024, we retained 98% of the premiums we distributed in 2023. Our premium retention rate is higher than our Client Retention rate as a result of both premiums increasing year over year and additional coverages sold by our service team. By maintaining this strong level of Client Retention, we are able to generate revenue that is highly predictable and recurring in nature.
The combination of expanding total producer count, leveraging technology, and maintaining our commitment to service led to revenue growth of 20% and Total Written Premium growth of 29% in 2024. As of December 31, 2024, our 10-year Total Written Premium CAGR was 42% and our 5-year Total Written Premium CAGR was 39%.
10
Source: Carrier provided information
Industry trends
We primarily compete in the United States personal lines insurance distribution industry. Personal lines products typically include home, auto, umbrella, motorcycle, flood and recreational insurance. We compete for business on the basis of reputation, client service, product offerings and the ability to tailor our products to the specific needs of a client. There are principally three types of businesses that sell personal lines products:
•
Independent agencies (39% personal lines market share in 2023 according to the Independent Insurance Agents & Brokers of America, Inc.)
. Independent agencies are “independent” of any one Carrier and can offer insurance products from multiple Carriers to their clients. There are approximately 39,000 independent insurance agencies in the United States, according to the 2024 Future One Agency Universe Case Study. Many of the largest insurance agencies, such as Aon plc, Arthur J. Gallagher & Co., Brown & Brown Inc., Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc. and Willis Towers Watson plc, focus primarily on commercial lines. We believe that we are one of the largest independent insurance agencies focused primarily on personal lines.
•
Captive Agencies (35% personal lines market share in 2023 according to the Independent Insurance Agents & Brokers of America, Inc.).
 Captive Agencies sell products for only one Carrier. The Carrier compensates the Captive Agency through sales commissions based on premiums placed on behalf of clients. The Carrier also provides the Captive Agency with operational support including advertising and certain back office functions. The largest Captive Agencies in the United States include Allstate Corporation, State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Company and Farmers Group, Inc.
•
Direct distribution (25% personal lines market share in 2023 according to the Independent Insurance Agents & Brokers of America, Inc.)
. Certain Carriers market their products directly to clients. Historically, this strategy has been most effective for targeting clients who require auto insurance only, with clients seeking bundled solutions relying on advice from independent and Captive Agents. The largest Carriers that sell directly to clients include Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (via GEICO Corp.) and Progressive Corporation. Berkshire Hathaway and Progressive also distribute through independent agencies, including GSHD.
Personal lines insurance agents generate revenues through commissions, which are calculated as a percentage of the total insurance premium placed on behalf of clients, and through fees for other related services. Premiums in the personal lines insurance market have grown consistently with underlying insured values and the overall economy.
11
Personal lines products (2023)
Personal lines premium trends 
($billions)
Source:  S&P Global Market Intelligence and National Association of Insurance Commissioners
Premium pricing within the P&C insurance industry has historically been cyclical, based on the underwriting capacity of the insurance industry and economic conditions. External events, such as terrorist attacks and man-made and natural disasters, may have significant impacts on the insurance market. We use the terms ‘‘soft market’’ and ‘‘hard market’’ to describe the business cycles experienced by the industry. A soft market is an insurance market characterized by a period of declining premium rates, which can negatively affect commissions earned by insurance agents. A hard market is an insurance market characterized by a period of rising premium rates, which, absent other changes, can positively affect commissions earned by insurance agents.
Our Competitive strengths
We believe that our competitive strengths include the following:
•
Highly motivated producers in corporate sales
. The agents in corporate sales are fundamentally different than the typical agents in the personal lines industry. Substantially all of our agents are recent college graduates, whereas 66% of personal lines agents in the industry are over 40 years old, according to Zippia. This gives us a significant advantage both in the short- and long-term. In the short-term, our agents have proven to be especially adept at learning new techniques and mastering new technologies. This has enabled our agents to generate approximately 2.8x as much new business as top performing personal lines agents after three years, according to the 2024 Best Practices Study. Over the long-term, we believe these factors will enable us to avoid 
12
the shrinking workforce challenges that many of our competitors face and win an even larger market share from other agencies. According to Independent Insurance Agents & Brokers of America, Inc., 33% of independent agencies anticipate a change of control within the next five years. We believe an aging industry workforce will create significant disruption in the personal lines distribution industry, and we will be in a position to win displaced clients. Additionally, our corporate sales agents view the success of franchise sales as a potential catalyst to their career trajectories. The support structure that our corporate sales agents provide to our franchise sales agents creates unique career paths in sales management, territory management, and franchise ownership. 
•
Franchise sales solves the inherent flaws in the traditional agency model
. We believe that the traditional agency model is flawed for several reasons, including: (1) Captive Agents can only offer clients products from one Carrier, limiting the agents’ ability to best serve their clients, (2) agents are typically responsible for handling their own client service and renewals, diminishing the time they can devote to marketing, winning new business and growing their overall Book of Business, (3) agents are often using antiquated and decentralized technology platforms to sell and service their Book of Business, and (4) some Captive Agents do not own their Book of Business, giving them less incentive to win new business. Given the size of the traditional agency market and its inability to adapt to these challenges without introducing significant channel conflict, we believe there is a meaningful opportunity to disrupt the traditional agency marketplace. Agents in franchise sales are able to focus on marketing, winning new business, providing clients with choice by offering products from multiple Carriers, and they own an economic interest in their Book of Business. Furthermore, by removing the service burden, which takes a significant amount of time and energy, we believe our platform provides franchise sales agents with the ability to grow more quickly and manage larger Books of Business than agents working in a traditional agency model. As a result, the Goosehead model has proven to be attractive to high-performing agents who wish to achieve greater professional and financial success.

•
Single technology platform with end-to-end business process management
. Our operations utilize an innovative proprietary cloud-based technology solution customized to suit our needs. Our technology provides our agents with tools to better manage their sales and marketing activities, and our service center operations with real-time 360-degree visibility of client accounts. Additionally, our technology provides agents with data and analytics which allow them to make smarter business decisions. Importantly, our integrated solution allows us to pivot quickly and upgrade our technology offering as market dynamics change. We believe our single, sales-oriented technology platform is differentiated relative to most insurance agency IT environments that utilize disparate accounting-driven agency management vendors and legacy mainframe systems across their operations. Our technology platform has been a key enabler of our rapid growth while also driving efficiencies. One of these efficiencies is service expenses. Our 2024 and 2023 service expenses as a percentage of gross commissions were 3.2x and 2.5x

lower than the industry best practice according to the 2024 Best Practices Study, which uses 2023 data. Despite our reduced service expense load, we are able to maintain best in class NPS scores and retention.
•
Service centers drive both new and renewal business
. Our service centers handle all of our client service and renewals and have achieved a highly differentiated level of service as indicated by our NPS scores of 89 in 2024 and 92 in 2023. Having such a skilled and fully licensed service team provides three tangible benefits to our business: (1) allowing our agents to focus virtually all of their time on cultivating new Referral Partner relationships and winning new business (instead of preserving existing business), (2) generating strong Client Retention that provides a stable source of highly visible and recurring revenue and (3) providing opportunities to earn additional revenue as our service agents are highly trained in cross-selling and generating referral business. Our service agents typically originate significant amounts of New Business Revenue through cross-sale and referral generation. We believe that our service centers will continue to drive a competitive advantage by supporting our industry-leading productivity and our recruiting efforts. We continue to make the necessary technology, staffing and real estate investments in our service centers to support our planned agent hiring, which we believe will allow us to readily scale and increase market share. Each of our service agents can service, on average, a Book of Business that would take a productive sales agent years to generate.
•
Proven and experienced senior management team
. 
◦
Our Executive Chairman, Mark E. Jones, co-founded Goosehead in 2003. Prior to his appointment as Executive Chairman in July 2024, Mr. Jones served as Goosehead's Chief Executive Officer and Chairman since the Company's inception.  Prior to co-founding Goosehead, Mr. Jones was a Senior Partner and Director at Bain & Company, a global management consulting firm, where he also served for many years as Global Head of Recruiting. Mr. Jones has received a wide variety of accolades for his leadership accomplishments, including being recognized as one of the Top Rated CEOs from among 
13
more than 7,000 companies with less than 1,000 employees on Glassdoor’s “Employee’s Choice Award” in 2017. 
◦
Mark Miller serves as the President and Chief Executive Officer for Goosehead. In addition, Mr. Miller has served on the board since March 2018 and previously served as Goosehead's President and Chief Operating Officer since May 2022. For the past 15 years, Mr. Miller has worked for some of the largest private equity firms in the world helping drive large scale financial and operational transformations. Mr. Miller was the Chief Financial Officer of Pluralsight, Finastra, Marketo, and Active Networks (all Vista Equity Partners portfolio companies at the time). He also served as the Chief Financial Officer of Sabre, and L.H.P. Hospital Group. At Sabre, he held multiple operating and finance positions and was instrumental in the company’s initial public offering and its subsequent $5 billion privatization transaction.
◦
Mark E. Jones, Jr. joined Goosehead in 2016 as Controller, was promoted to Vice President - Finance in 2020, and Chief Financial Officer in 2022. Mr. Jones currently oversees Goosehead’s internal and external financial reporting, financial planning and analysis, treasury function, and investor relations. Mr. Jones made significant contributions in strengthening the finance function leading up to and following the Company’s initial public offering. Prior to joining Goosehead, Mr. Jones worked in Ernst & Young’s Audit practice, primarily focused on financial services companies.  
◦
John O’Connor joined Goosehead Insurance in 2022 as General Counsel and, in that role, is responsible for all aspects of the company’s legal operations. Prior to joining Goosehead, he spent fifteen years in private practice, including more than a decade with international law firm Weil, Gotshal & Manges, LLP. He most recently served as general counsel for an Austin-based real estate development company. Notably, while in private practice, Mr. O’Connor served as outside counsel for Goosehead and has worked as an advisor to the company since 2019. He holds an undergraduate degree from Loyola Marymount University, a master’s degree from Pepperdine University and received his J.D. from Southern Methodist University, where he served as President of the SMU Law Review Association.
Key elements of our growth strategy
Our goal is to achieve long-term returns for our stockholders by establishing ourselves as the premier national distributor of personal lines insurance products. To accomplish this goal, we intend to focus on the following key areas:
•
Continue to expand recruiting in corporate sales
. In order to grow both corporate sales and franchise sales, we must expand our agent count in corporate sales. We have a highly-developed process for recruiting new agents that we have continually refined over the last decade and that has resulted in higher success rates for our corporate sales agents. We plan to continue to expand our recruiting to additional college campuses and engage in highly targeted internet recruiting campaigns as we grow. Our compensation package for sales agents is very competitive in comparison to other professional services and offers attractive long-term compensation opportunities.
•
National penetration of the Franchisees
. As of December 31, 2024, we have operating franchises in 44 states covering over 98% of the total US population. We expect to continue growing our market share within these states as we sign and launch new franchises, and as those franchises ramp up their new business production over the course of 2-3 years. As of December 31, 2024, 8% of our operating franchises had less than one year of tenure. Given the anticipated New Business productivity uplift that comes with more years of experience, and the elevated Royalty Fees on renewal business, we believe our franchise sales category is positioned for strong growth and margin expansion. This growth will be further enhanced by our continued national expansion of franchisees. The pace of our national build-out will be aided by the regulatory approvals, product offering approvals and Carrier relationships we have already established across the continental United States.
14
Franchise tenure profile
•
Continue to develop innovative ways to drive productivity
. We believe that our agents are already among the most efficient personal lines agents in the industry. Compared to the 2024 Best Practices Study, corporate sales agents with more than three years of tenure averaged 2.8x as much New Business Production per Agent (Corporate) as the industry best practice; franchise sales agents with more than three years of tenure averaged 1.9x as much New Business Production per Agent (Franchise) as the industry best practice. We believe there is an opportunity to further expand productivity. We have historically deployed the intellectual capital accumulated in corporate (including sales practices, client relationship management practices, recruiting practices and technology) into franchisees to optimize new business production. We will continue to innovate going forward in an effort to both better serve our clients and expand our platform.
•
Maximize our effectiveness in managing renewal business
. We earn significantly larger Royalty Fees from our Franchisees for renewal business than for new business. Additionally, many of our largest expenses are significantly lower for renewal business, such as compensation costs, risk management costs and client development costs. Critical to converting new business into renewal business is strong Client Retention. Our Client Retention effort is led by our service centers, which had a 2024 NPS score of 89, leading to an 84% Client Retention rate and 98% premium retention rate in 2024. The key to maintaining these NPS scores and Client Retention rates is the consistency of personnel in our service centers. Our consistency in service personnel is due to a combination of the opportunities for professional advancement within the Company and the competitive wages we offer; average compensation for service team employees was over $51,000 in 2024. 
•
Continue to invest in technology to drive efficiencies in all areas of our business. 
We've made investments in technology to outrun our competitors, and we will continue to find opportunities to utilize technology to widen the gap between us and any nascent competition. 
15
Markets & marketing
We primarily compete in the approximately $453 billion (according to S&P Global Market Intelligence) U.S. personal lines P&C industry. As a distributor, we compete for business on the basis of reputation, client service, product offerings and the ability to efficiently tailor our products to the specific needs of a client. 
Agents in both corporate sales and franchise sales are primarily responsible for acquiring new clients. Agents are encouraged to procure new clients through both relationships with Referral Partners and traditional channels (friends, family, client referrals, inbound inquiries and outbound inquiries), and we give them proprietary tools and technology to leverage our years of experience in successfully executing this go-to-market strategy.
The Company represents over 200 Carriers, of which 54 provide national coverage. During 2024, three carriers represented more than 10% of total revenue at 19%, 15%, and 10%.
Franchise agreements
Franchise sales operates under a franchising model and each franchise is governed by a Franchise Agreement. The Franchise Agreements for all existing franchises are substantially similar.  We have taken the position that we do not negotiate the terms of our Franchise Agreements in order to maintain uniformity within the system.
Each Franchise Agreement contains one ten-year term with either two optional five-year renewal terms or two optional ten-year renewal terms. The Franchise Agreement may be terminated early if the Franchisee is violating a term of the contract, operating contrary to state law, or violating Goosehead procedures required by the operations manual.
Franchisees are required to pay an Initial Franchise Fee that varies depending on the state in which the franchise will be located. The Initial Franchise Fee, which is non-refundable after training, covers our costs to recruit, train, onboard, and support the Franchisee for the first year.  Franchisees are also required to pay a monthly Royalty Fee, which entitles the Franchisee to continue to operate. The Royalty Fee is derived from a percentage of gross commissions on insurance policies in their initial term (20%) and renewal terms (50%). Franchise owners are not entitled to an exclusive territory and may solicit sales from any location within the state in which they operate, subject to certain internal restrictions.
Franchisees who sign a Franchise Agreement after January 1, 2018, are required to pay a minimum monthly Royalty Fee if the Royalty Fee derived from the gross commissions on insurance policies does not exceed a specific amount.
Total operating franchises decreased by 10% to 1,103 in 2024 from 1,226 in 2023, an improvement in franchise turnover compared to the 13% decrease in 2023 from 1,413 in 2022. Growing total operating franchises is an important growth lever for the business.
Competition
The insurance brokerage business is highly competitive, and numerous firms actively compete with us for customers and insurance markets. Competition in the insurance business is largely based upon innovation, knowledge, terms and conditions of coverage, quality of service, and price. A number of firms and banks with substantially greater resources and market presence compete with us.
Our brokerage operations compete with firms that operate globally or nationally or are strong in a particular region or locality, and may have in that region or locality an office with revenues as large as or larger than those of our corresponding local office. We believe that the primary factors determining our competitive position with other organizations in our industry are the quality of the services we render, the technology we use, the diversity of products we offer, superior human capital, and the overall costs to our clients.
A number of Carriers directly sell insurance, primarily to individuals, and do not pay commissions to third-party agents and brokers. In addition, the Internet continues to be a source for direct placement of personal lines insurance business. While it is difficult to quantify the impact on our business from individuals purchasing insurance over the Internet, we believe this risk is generally isolated to personal lines customers with single-line auto insurance coverage, which represent a small portion of our overall business.
Seasonality
The majority of our new accounts are sourced by referral sources tied to home closing transactions. Major slowdowns in the various housing markets Goosehead serves could impact our ability to generate new business. 
16
Additionally, an increase in interest rates may decrease the number of home closing transactions, which could negatively impact our ability to generate new business.  We experience seasonality and revenue related to the sale of insurance policies throughout the course of a calendar year that is tied to the seasonality of new home sales. Revenue from home insurance leads is higher from April to August and lower from October through January. While this can impact month-to-month or quarter-to-quarter results, we expect productivity to normalize year-over-year.
Intellectual property
We have registered “Goosehead,” “Goosehead Insurance,” and our logo as trademarks in the U.S., Mexico, the United Kingdom, the European Union, and Canada. We also have filed other trademark applications in the U.S. and will pursue additional trademark registrations and other intellectual property protection to the extent we believe it would be beneficial and cost effective. We also are the registered holder of a variety of domain names that include “Goosehead” and similar variations.
Regulatory matters
Franchise regulation
.
 Offers and sales of franchises (so-called “pre-sale” franchise activities) are regulated in the United States by the Federal Trade Commission ("FTC") and by certain state laws. The FTC (through its “Franchise Rule”) requires franchisors to provide certain disclosures, in the form of a franchise disclosure document (“FDD”) to prospective Franchisees. One of the required disclosures is to include in the FDD audited financial statements of the franchisor (Goosehead Insurance Agency, LLC) or, if not the franchisor, an affiliate or parent of the franchisor who guarantees the franchisor’s obligations to its Franchisees. In order to include our consolidated financial statements in the FDD, we are required to guarantee Goosehead Insurance Agency, LLC’s current and future obligations to its Franchisees. The Franchise Rule does not require a franchisor to register or file an FDD with the FTC before offering franchises. Certain states also have pre-sale franchise or “business opportunity” laws and regulations that require franchisors to register with the state in some manner before that franchisor may offer or sell a franchise in that state, and in some cases to also provide prospective Franchisees with certain additional disclosures as part of the FDD. Some states also have “franchise relationship laws” that address post-sale aspects of the franchisor-franchisee relationship, such as prohibiting enforcement of certain franchise agreement provisions, requiring a certain notice or cure period before terminating a franchise agreement, and defining what constitutes “good cause” for terminating the franchise agreement or denying a transfer or renewal of the agreement. Although we believe that our Franchise Agreements and our relationships with Franchisees generally have complied with franchise relationship laws, a failure to comply with those laws could result in civil liability or the company’s inability to enforce a Franchise Agreement, among other things. In addition, while historically our franchising operations have not been materially adversely affected by such laws or regulations, we cannot predict the effect of any future federal or state franchise laws or regulations.
Licensing.
 We and/or our designated employees must be licensed to act as brokers, intermediaries or third-party administrators by state regulatory authorities in the locations in which we conduct business. Regulations and licensing laws vary by individual state and are often complex.
The applicable licensing laws and regulations in all states are subject to amendment or reinterpretation by regulatory authorities, and such authorities are vested in most cases with relatively broad discretion as to the granting, revocation, suspension and renewal of licenses. It is our belief that we are in compliance with the applicable licensing laws and regulations of all states in which we currently operate. However, the possibility still exists that we and/or our employees could be excluded or temporarily suspended from carrying on some or all of our activities in, or could otherwise be subjected to penalties by, a particular jurisdiction.
Agent and broker compensation
. Some states, such as Texas, permit insurance agents to charge Agency Fees, while other states prohibit this practice. In recent years, several states considered new legislation or regulations regarding the compensation of brokers by Carriers. The proposals ranged in nature from new disclosure requirements to new duties on insurance agents and brokers in dealing with customers.
Rate regulation.
 Nearly all states have insurance laws requiring personal property and casualty insurers to file rating plans, policy or coverage forms, and other information with the state’s regulatory authority. In many cases, such rating plans and/or policy or coverage forms must be approved by the regulatory authority prior to use.
The speed with which an insurer can change rates in response to competition or in response to increasing costs depends, in part, on whether the rating laws are (i) prior approval, (ii) file-and-use, or (iii) use-and-file laws. In states with prior approval laws, the regulator must approve a rate before the insurer may use it. In states with file-and-use laws, the insurer does not have to wait for the regulator’s approval to use a rate, but the rate must be filed with the regulatory authority prior to being used. In states with use-and-file laws, the insurer must file rates within a certain 
17
period of time after the insurer begins to use them.  Under all three types of rating laws, the regulator has the authority to disapprove a rate filing.
While we are not an insurer, and thus not required to file our own rating plans with the state's regulatory authority, our commissions are derived from a percentage of the premium rates set by insurers in conjunction with state law.
Data privacy regulation.
 We are subject to a variety of increasingly stringent federal, state and local laws, rules and regulations relating to data privacy and cybersecurity, and the regulatory framework for data privacy and cybersecurity is in considerable flux and evolving rapidly. In the United States, numerous federal and state laws, rules and regulations require insurers to protect the security and confidentiality of customer information, to regulate disclosures and disposal of customer information, and to notify customers about their policies and practices relating to the collection, use, retention, security, transfer, disclosure and other processing of customer information and other personal information. The United States Congress, state legislatures, and regulatory authorities have considered and are expected to consider additional laws, rules and regulations relating to data, privacy, cybersecurity and other aspects of customer information, which will likely require us to devote additional significant operational resources and incur additional significant expenses for compliance and may also increase our exposure to risk of claims that we have not complied with all applicable data privacy and cybersecurity laws, rules and regulations.
Human Capital 
Our workforce is our most important asset and a key competitive advantage in our industry. Imperative to our continued success, and the primary reason for our decision to go public in 2018, is our ability to attract and retain the most talented individuals available. We will continue to strive for a one-of-a-kind company culture and offer a competitive compensation and benefits package, which includes health insurance, a 401(k) plan, an Employee Stock Purchase Program, and the potential for option awards. As of December 31, 2024, we had approximately 1,580 full-time and no part-time employees. Our Franchisees are independent businesses, and we do not control the essential terms and conditions of employment for their employees; therefore, neither our Franchisees nor their employees are included in our employee count. We believe that we have a positive relationship with our employees and we conduct regular engagement and outreach with our workforce. None of our employees are represented by a union.
Learning and Development
Goosehead utilizes a training curriculum for all incoming recruits and supports ongoing professional development of our employees. We conduct weekly virtual webinars for both our corporate and franchise agents to provide ongoing training and mentoring. Each week we highlight a key skill around our products, sales processes, or professional development. We also host week-long onsite training courses at our corporate headquarters.
We also regularly reach out to our employees and franchise partners by conducting in-person town halls across various geographic locations in the United States. This feedback loop is extremely valuable and often results in near real-time updates to our operating platform to deliver better service and business processes to our agent network.
Employee Benefits and Compensation
We believe in a holistic and competitive compensation package that includes opportunities for bonuses and equity compensation, as well as access to our stock ownership program. Goosehead employees are also eligible to be awarded incentive stock options under our Omnibus Incentive Plan, which is designed to motivate and reward key employees to perform at the highest level and contribute significantly to our long term success, thereby aligning our employee incentives with the best interests of our shareholders.
Goosehead offers its employees a competitive health benefits package, including medical, dental, and vision insurance, as well as flex and health savings accounts, life insurance, short-term disability insurance, long-term disability insurance, accident insurance, critical illness insurance, a 401(k) retirement savings plan, and an employee stock purchase plan. Under the 401(k), we match participants' contributions, which vest over four years.
Workforce Diversity and Engagement
More than half of Goosehead's employees are women and over one-third of our workforce identify as racially diverse. We are committed to a meritocratic and inclusive culture of growth and advancement that is informed by our Operating Principles.  
Goosehead maintains strong Equal Opportunity and Anti-Harassment policies, and we are committed to the principles of openness, empathy, and respect in our workplace. We contracted with a third-party solutions team to encourage and facilitate independent and timely reporting and investigation of alleged policy violations.  Goosehead does not tolerate any form of discipline, reprisal, threats, intimidation, or other retaliatory conduct against an 
18
employee for making a good faith complaint of a perceived incident of discrimination or harassment or for cooperating in an investigation by the company or any federal, state, or local agency of such a complaint.  
Operating principles
Our company is grounded in a set of operating principles, which each member of the Company is expected to uphold. These values are at the very center of what makes our company unique, defines our dynamic culture, and enables us to build a truly world class business. It has resulted in a workforce that is highly energized and motivated and a work environment that is meritorious, respectful, diverse and inclusive. Our operating principles and values are articulated below.
•
Uncompromising integrity in all we do
•
Deliver the WOW!
•
Support the team
•
Respect Company confidentiality – clients, third parties, staff
•
Be at cause
•
Pull more than your own weight
•
Honest, open and direct communications
•
Presume trust
•
Work hard – we are building a great company; it will take great effort
•
Meritocracy and pay for performance
•
Our clients and our people are our assets – treat them as such
•
Exceptional service always
•
Respect and fairness
•
Look for opportunities to create value for our company – your ideas are important
•
Highest quality and service in the industry
•
THINK BIG
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
We have adopted a code of business conduct and ethics policy that applies to all of our employees, officers and directors, including those officers responsible for financial reporting. These standards are designed to deter wrongdoing and to promote honest and ethical conduct. The full text of our code of business conduct and ethics policy is available on our website at https://ir.gooseheadinsurance.com/governance/documents-and-charters. Any waiver of the code for directors or executive officers may be made only by our Board of Directors or a board committee to which the board has delegated that authority and will be promptly disclosed to our shareholders as required by applicable U.S. federal securities laws and the corporate governance rules of the Nasdaq Global Select Market.  Amendments to the code must be approved by our Board of Directors and will be promptly disclosed (other than technical, administrative or non-substantive changes). Any amendments to the code, or any waivers of its requirements for which disclosure is required, will be disclosed on our website.
Available Information
Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to reports filed pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), are filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). We are subject to the informational requirements of the Exchange Act and file or furnish reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. Such reports and other information filed by us with the SEC are available free of charge on our website at ir.gooseheadinsurance.com when such reports are made available on the SEC’s website. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. The contents of these websites are not incorporated into this filing. Further, our references to the URLs for these websites are intended to be inactive textual references only.
19