Item 1A. Risk Factors".
These and other factors may cause the market price and demand for shares of our Class A common stock to fluctuate substantially, which may limit or prevent investors from readily selling their shares of Class A common stock and may otherwise negatively affect the liquidity of our Class A common stock. In addition, in the past, when the market price of a stock has been volatile, holders of that stock have sometimes instituted securities class action litigation against the company that issued the stock. If any of our stockholders brought a lawsuit against us, we could incur substantial costs defending the lawsuit. Such a lawsuit could also divert the time and attention of our management from our business, which could significantly harm our profitability and reputation.
Our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders may be limited by our holding company structure, contractual restrictions and regulatory requirements.
We are a holding company and have no material assets other than our ownership of LLC Units in Goosehead Financial, LLC and we will not have any independent means of generating revenue. We intend to cause Goosehead Financial, LLC to make pro rata distributions to the Pre-IPO LLC Members and us in an amount at least sufficient to allow us and the Pre-IPO LLC Members to pay all applicable taxes, to make payments under the tax receivable agreement entered into with the Pre-IPO LLC Members and to pay our corporate and other overhead expenses. Goosehead Financial, LLC is a distinct legal entity and may be subject to legal or contractual restrictions that, under certain circumstances, may limit our ability to obtain cash from them. If Goosehead Financial, LLC is unable to make distributions, we may not receive adequate distributions, which could materially and adversely affect our dividends and financial position and our ability to fund any dividends.
Our board of directors periodically reviews the cash generated from our business and the capital expenditures required to finance our global growth plans and determine whether to declare periodic dividends to our stockholders. Our board of directors will take into account general economic and business conditions, including our financial condition and results of operations, capital requirements, contractual restrictions, including restrictions and covenants contained in our debt agreements, business prospects and other factors that our board of directors 
44
considers relevant. In addition, our Credit Agreement limits the amount of distributions that Goosehead Financial, LLC can make to us and the purposes for which distributions can be made. Accordingly, we may not be able to pay dividends even if our board of directors would otherwise deem it appropriate. See "Item 7. Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations — Liquidity and capital resources — Dividend Policy".
Item 1B. Unresolved staff comments
None.
Item 1C. Cybersecurity
Cybersecurity Risk Management
At Goosehead, cybersecurity risk management is an integral part of our overall enterprise risk management system.
 Our cybersecurity risk management program is modeled after recognized data protection principles, such as the National Institute of Standards and Technology’s Cybersecurity Framework (NIST CSF) and the National Association of Insurance Commissioners (NAIC) Data Security Model Law. 
These and other industry best practices provide the framework for identifying, monitoring, assessing and managing cybersecurity threats and incidents, including threats and incidents associated with the use of applications developed, and services provided, by third-party vendors and service providers, and facilitating coordination across different departments of the Company.

Our cybersecurity team, led by our Managing Director, IT Security & Compliance, is responsible for assessing and maintaining our cybersecurity risk management program. We also have two cybersecurity committees, which consist of cross-functional teams comprised of key business leaders and key technical leaders in the Company as well as the heads of our legal, governance, risk and compliance functions. The cybersecurity team identifies and assesses material cybersecurity risk by performing internal audits against cybersecurity controls and through regular consultations with, deliberation by, and recommendations from, our cybersecurity committees.  Our cybersecurity team and cybersecurity committees utilize various tools and services to identify, monitor, assess and manage actual cybersecurity risk, including risks from cybersecurity threats associated with the use of third-party vendors and service providers. 
The cybersecurity team manages and maintains a risk register, incorporates risk mitigation items within our cybersecurity plans, conducts periodic reviews (primarily through our cybersecurity committees) of our mitigation and progress, and utilizes a third-party security risk management program both to screen third-party vendors and service providers prior to onboarding and to periodically re-evaluate existing third-party vendors and service providers based on risk classification.

Our cybersecurity program includes steps for assessing the severity of a cybersecurity threat or incident, identifying the source of a cybersecurity threat or incident (including whether such cybersecurity threat or incident is associated with a third-party vendor or service provider), implementing cybersecurity countermeasures and mitigation strategies, and informing management and our board of directors of material cybersecurity threats and incidents. The cybersecurity team also conducts regular vulnerability assessments, and our cybersecurity and risk management teams perform annual risk assessments. We utilize a third party to conduct regular risk assessments of our new and existing third-party services and providers and a separate vendor performs penetration testing annually. All users of our information systems receive regular cybersecurity awareness training, and our cybersecurity team provides annual training to all employees.
Cybersecurity Governance
Management is responsible for identifying, monitoring, assessing and managing material cybersecurity risks on an ongoing basis by establishing processes designed to ensure that potential cybersecurity risks are monitored, putting in place appropriate mitigation and remediation measures, and maintaining cybersecurity programs. 
Our cybersecurity programs are under the direction of our Managing Director, IT Security & Compliance, who directs our cybersecurity team and monitors the prevention, detection, mitigation, and remediation of cybersecurity incidents. Our Managing Director, IT Security & Compliance, is a Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) with a Master's in Cybersecurity and Information Assurance (MS-CIA) from WGU, with additional certifications in cybersecurity, networking, and other IT-related topics, and over 16 years of experience in cybersecurity.
 As discussed above, we also have two cybersecurity committees which consist of cross-functional teams comprised of 
45
key business leaders and key technical leaders in the Company as well as the heads of our governance, risk and compliance functions. Each of our cybersecurity committees meets monthly to address cybersecurity risks. 
Management, including our Managing Director, IT Security & Compliance and our cybersecurity committees
, updates our General Counsel on the Company’s cybersecurity programs, material cybersecurity risks and mitigation strategies on a monthly basis. 
Our General Counsel provides quarterly cybersecurity reports to the board of directors that cover, among other topics, third-party assessments of the Company’s cybersecurity programs and any updates to the Company’s cybersecurity programs and mitigation strategies, and other cybersecurity developments. Our General Counsel will also provide updates on cybersecurity threats and incidents to the board of directors as part of our incident response processes, based on management’s assessment of risk.

Our board of directors has ultimate oversight responsibility for our overall enterprise risk management and is responsible for ensuring that management has processes in place designed to identify, monitor and evaluate cybersecurity risks to which the Company is exposed and to implement processes and programs to manage cybersecurity risks and mitigate cybersecurity incidents.

Our General Counsel meets with the board of directors on at least a quarterly basis to review and discuss our cybersecurity and other information technology strategies and policies.

In 2024, we did not identify any cybersecurity incidents that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition. However, despite our efforts, we cannot eliminate all risks from cybersecurity threats or incidents, or provide assurances that we have not experienced an undetected cybersecurity incident.
 For more information about these risks, please see “Risk Factors – Risks relating to intellectual property, data privacy and cybersecurity” in this annual report on Form 10-K.