Item 
7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” for further details of research and development expenses during the financial periods included in this annual report. 
Pipeline
Our research and development activities are focused on building on our leadership position in the treatment of opioid use disorder ("OUD"). H
owever, our pipeline reflects only potential products, and any product requires completion of clinical trials to demonstrate safety and efficacy, and approval by the FDA. See “
Item 1A—Risk Factors
—
Clinical trials for the development of products, including our key pipeline products, may be unsuccessful and our product candidates may not receive authorization for manufacture and sale
.”
INDV-2000 Selective Orexin-1 Receptor Antagonist
We are developing INDV-2000 (Selective Orexin-1 Receptor Antagonist), as a non-opioid treatment for moderate to severe OUD. On June 10, 2024 we announced the dosing of the first subject with INDV-2000 in a Phase 2 double-blind, placebo controlled, randomized, dose-ranging study to assess the safety and efficacy of INDV-2000 over 3 months in treatment-seeking individuals with OUD. The purpose of this proof-of-concept study is to measure safety and efficacy and to determine the dose-response relationship for INDV-2000 in participants with moderate to severe OUD who are treatment-naïve, have recently initiated or completed short-term medically supervised opioid withdrawal with transmucosal (TM) buprenorphine, and are interested in transitioning to a non-opioid treatment. We expect this study to be completed by the end of 2025. The U.S. patents for INDV-2000 expire in 2037.
INDV-6001 Sustained Release LAI Prodrug of Buprenorphine
INDV-6001 is potentially the first three-month LAI buprenorphine for the treatment of OUD. In 2023, the Company secured global rights from Alar Pharmaceuticals to develop, manufacture, and commercialize INDV-6001 and a portfolio of buprenorphine-based LAI. The Company made an upfront payment of $10 million, which is in addition to the $5 million option payment made by the Company in the first quarter of 2023. The licensor would be entitled to potential milestone payments upon the achievement of various developmental, regulatory, and commercial goals, and entitled to royalties in the low double digit to mid-teens as a percentage of net revenue. The U.S. patents for INDV-6001 expire in 2039.
In September 2024, we commenced a multiple dose clinical Phase 2 Pharmacokinetic study which we expect to complete by the end of 2025.
Decision to Not Exercise Option For AEF0117 Aelis
On September 4, 2024, we noted Aelis Farma's announcement of the results from its clinical Phase 2B trial with AEF0117, a synthetic CB1 specific signaling inhibitor designed to treat cannabis-related disorders. This clinical Phase 2B study was part of the strategic collaboration between Aelis Farma and Indivior, which included an exclusive option for Indivior to license the global rights to AEF0117, and was designed to evaluate the efficacy and safety in treatment-seeking participants with moderate to severe Cannabis Use Disorder. Given the lack of separation from placebo on primary and secondary endpoints, and before seeing further additional favorable clinical data, we announced that we do not currently expect to exercise our option.
Manufacturing and Supply
Raw Materials
Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients (“API”)
21
The Company sources a large portion of its active pharmaceutical ingredients ("API") from its own manufacturing facilities. 
The API used in our buprenorphine products are manufactured at our Fine Chemical Plant ("FCP") located in Hull, United Kingdom. FCP manufactures the buprenorphine HCl API used in the manufacture of SUBOXONE Film, SUBUTEX Tablet, and SUBOXONE Tablet and the buprenorphine base API ("buprenorphine") used in the formulation of SUBLOCADE long-acting injection. Historically, a third party has manufactured the buprenorphine base and the FCP will be capable of manufacturing the base beginning in 2025. FCP has the capacity to produce all of our current buprenorphine related requirements with approximately 25% demonstrated capacity remaining. We believe there are adequate supplies of the raw materials used to manufacture buprenorphine, and the ingredient is readily available from other suppliers (although it would require significant time to qualify and obtain regulatory approval to change suppliers).
We procure the naloxone HCl active pharmaceutical ingredient mainly from a single supplier for both SUBOXONE Tablet and SUBOXONE Film, although this is readily available from other suppliers (it would require significant time to qualify and obtain regulatory approval to change suppliers).
Buprenorphine and products containing buprenorphine are classified as Schedule III controlled narcotics in the U.S. and require permits for import and export. An annual importation assessment value for buprenorphine and products containing buprenorphine is set by each importing country through the International Narcotics Control Board (the “INCB”). Once the assessment value has been reached for a given country, no additional import permits may be issued unless proper justification for an assessment value increase is provided to the respective country’s governing body, which reports to the INCB. While this process has not impacted product supply to our patients in the past, it presents a manufacturing and product supply risk that must be monitored and managed closely.
We procure the active ingredient (nalmefene HCl) and the absorption enhancer (dodecyl maltoside) for OPVEE from single suppliers.
SUBLOCADE
SUBLOCADE (buprenorphine extended-release) injection for subcutaneous use is manufactured under an agreement with Curia. We provide the buprenorphine base, polymer and syringe assembly used in the manufacture of SUBLOCADE. Curia has two manufacturing facilities located in Burlington, Massachusetts and Albuquerque, New Mexico. Manufacture of all SUBLOCADE output for the U.S. and Canadian markets is approved at both facilities, while output intended for the Most of World currently is approved only at the Burlington facility. We plan to obtain approval to manufacture SUBLOCADE for the Most of World at the Albuquerque facility. 
In addition, we are improving our Raleigh Manufacturing Facility to potentially manufacture SUBLOCADE to better secure its long-term supply. However, it will take time and investment in equipment and validation testing before we can make regulatory submissions to gain approval for commercial manufacture of SUBLOCADE at this site. See “
Item 1A.—Risk Factors—
We rely on third parties to manufacture commercial supplies of most of our products, whose facilities and processes must meet stringent regulatory requirements
.”
We rely on third parties to manufacture and package the products, and to perform quality assurance and quality testing.
SUBOXONE Film
SUBOXONE Film is manufactured under an exclusive license and supply agreement with Aquestive Therapeutics. Under the terms of the agreement, Aquestive is the exclusive global manufacturer and primary packager of SUBOXONE Film and is prohibited from developing any other film product containing buprenorphine without our written consent. We provide both the buprenorphine HCl and the naloxone HCl used in the manufacture of SUBOXONE Film.
22
Aquestive has two manufacturing facilities located in Portage, Indiana. Manufacturing and primary packaging of all SUBOXONE Film output for most markets is approved at both facilities.
SUBOXONE and SUBUTEX Tablets
We contract with RB to manufacture SUBOXONE and SUBUTEX Tablets. We provide both buprenorphine HCl and naloxone HCl used in the manufacture of SUBOXONE and SUBUTEX Tablets. RB manufactures and performs the packaging of all SUBOXONE and SUBUTEX tablets globally at its facility in Hull, United Kingdom.
OPVEE (nalmefene) nasal spray
We have contracted for the commercial supply of OPVEE with Kindeva Drug Delivery (formerly Summit BioSciences). SpecGx LLC provides the nalmefene HCl and Aegis Therapeutics, LLC provides the dodecyl maltoside (an absorption enhancer) used in the manufacture of OPVEE. 
Our exclusive license agreement with Aegis Therapeutics obligates us to pay a tiered low to mid-single digit royalty on net sales, and 
a 
potential 
time 
sales milestone of $
2 
million for 
this
 nalmefene
-dodecyl maltoside combination
 product. 
PCI Pharma Services performs tertiary packaging of the commercial product.
Additional Manufacturing and Distributions Processes
We outsource to third parties certain aspects of the manufacturing and distribution process, including packaging our products with tamper evident pouches or child resistant components, in serialized cardboard cartons, and securely storing products, fulfilling orders, and providing other customer service functions.
Sales, Marketing and Distribution
Our sales, marketing, and distribution processes for our products begin with a focus on the patient. Our products are intended for patients who suffer from OUD or opioid overdose, each a highly stigmatized disease or disease state. These patients are found not just in private physician offices, but also in emergency rooms, hospitals, addiction or rehabilitation centers, OHSs and, frequently, as part of their journey with addiction, as incarcerated individuals in the criminal justice system. Accordingly, w
e focus our sales and marketing efforts not just on physicians in private practice but also to healthcare providers situated in these diverse treatment environments. 
Our sales, marketing, and distribution efforts vary by market.
United States
We derive approximately 85% of our net revenues, and an even larger portion of our profitability, from the U.S. market. Unlike many markets in the Most of World, the U.S. market is not a single payor market. Instead, our activities are directed at a patchwork of federal and state agencies, organized health systems, criminal justice systems, and healthcare providers who provide treatment and assistance for patients suffering from OUD.
Payors and Reimbursement
We have dedicated professionals responsible for obtaining access and eliminating barriers to care at the national, regional, and state payor level, including every state Medicaid program. We have coverage from approximately 90% of payors for our OUD products, including almost all commercial insurance payors, and the Veterans’ Administration, the Department of Defense, and the Bureau of Indian Affairs. 
A significant portion of our customers are reimbursed through the Medicaid plans of states and the District of Columbia, primarily because most individuals suffering from OUD are not employed or do not have employer-based health coverage.
23
We have begun offering OPVEE to various government entities and community agencies. These organizations typically receive grant funding related to the opioid epidemic which can be used for overdose reversal medications.
Organized Health Systems ("OHS")
Many patients who use our products are found at OHSs, such as health systems including hospitals and addiction treatment centers. OHS are an important channel for our products because they have the resources and administration to appropriately handle controlled substances that are prescribed, delivered, and stored, and are equipped to administer the requirements applicable to our products, including REMS. Our account teams call on key decision makers at OHSs to expand access to our products. Our goal is to ensure access to our products by establishing treatment protocols (both medical and logistical), removing barriers to access, gaining formulary access where needed, and ensuring that protocols are in place to ensure compliance with applicable DEA, state, and local requirements regarding the storage of controlled substances. As part of this process, the sales team focuses on effectively communicating the scientific rationale and the benefits of our products to HCPs, appropriately balanced with safety information, and the account teams and medical team focus on educating key decision makers about potentially better adherence, increased continuity of care, and overall cost and resource optimization in the total treatment plan.
Criminal Justice Systems ("CJS")
We also have dedicated teams for customers in the CJS, including various types of prisons, such as state departments of corrections, county jails, and federal prisons, along with specialty treatment courts. A specialty treatment court is a court with expertise in substance abuse disorders which may offer alternative and deferred prosecution arrangements for appropriate persons.
For prisons, our dedicated teams attempt to increase access to our products, overcome logistical barriers to care, and promote particular products, but do not call on HCPs behind the walls of the prisons. 
For specialty treatment courts, our Criminal Justice Access Directors, including approximately 46 trained and experienced professionals, educate judges, prosecutors, social workers, and patients about the benefits of our products. The patient is ultimately referred to an HCP, either in a private office or federally qualified health center, where the decision to use medication for OUD, such as SUBLOCADE, is the patient’s decision with the assistance of his or her HCP. At these referral sites and locations, our sales personnel coordinate with the HCPs and their staff to ensure understanding of the scientific rationale and the benefits of our products, appropriately balanced with safety information.
Commercialization Activities
Our commercial activities in the U.S. are currently focused on SUBLOCADE long-acting injectable and OPVEE nasal nalmefene spray. Our sales force does not promote SUBOXONE Film in the U.S. Our sales organization in the U.S. comprises approximately 255 trained and experienced pharmaceutical professionals, which we call Clinical Specialists, who are managed by Area Sales Directors. Clinical Specialists act as a vital link between the various stakeholders within the addiction community, including key opinion leaders, counselors, treatment advocates, pharmacists, nurses and healthcare providers in specialized treatment centers. We believe that our clear focus on patient needs helps deepen customer relationships which then allows the team the time to engage in clinical and logistical discussions that dramatically improve patient access to treatment with SUBLOCADE.
Our Clinical Specialists are supported by dedicated and experienced professionals in our managed care group who create access to treatment for patients by partnering with U.S. commercial payors and federal, state, and local governmental payo
rs.
24
OPVEE
Our commercialization efforts for OPVEE are not targeted at patients initially. Instead, we expect the primary customers for OPVEE will be:
• Single state authorities / grant administrators;
• Naloxone Coordinators;
• State/County/City Departments of Health;
• Veterans Affairs;
• Community based organizations groups;
• Substance abuse centers and opioid treatment programs;
• Law Enforcement;
• Department of Corrections;
• Fire/Emergency services; and
• Targeted Healthcare Providers prescribing overdose reversal agents; prescriptions would be filled at retail pharmacy and picked up by the patient.
Our commercialization strategy for OPVEE includes ensuring access to OPVEE via inclusion in state standing orders, enabling public funding, establishing relevant state emergency medical protocols, and securing adjustments to state Good Samaritan laws, through the work of our government affairs and medical teams.
In September 2023 we were awarded a contract by BARDA for the procurement of finished, packaged OPVEE held as vendor-managed inventory as a medical countermeasure in the event of a synthetic opioid community or mass casualty event. The role of BARDA is to supplement state and local supplies during public health emergencies. The contract also has options for purchases and delivery of OPVEE over 10 years at guaranteed pricing through 2033. We delivered two orders to BARDA in 2024 for 200,000 doses.
Ultimately, or goal is to establish OPVEE as a differentiated brand by developing real world evidence, driving awareness by providing education to key stakeholders, and establishing OPVEE as the standard of care with the rise of synthetic opioids like fentanyl.
Advocacy, Education, and Patient Support 
We collaborate with patient organizations, stakeholders and policymakers to achieve our vision that the millions of people across the globe suffering from SUDs will have access to evidence-based treatment to change lives. Our advocacy agenda focuses on expanding access to treatment, advancing treatment equity, and increasing focus on patients in correctional settings.
Our educational and engagement efforts have focused on expanding the availability of treatment options beyond the clinical setting in the U.S. in order to give patients the flexibility to receive appropriate treatment in the privacy of a physician’s office. 
We also advocate for access to evidence-based treatment in correctional settings to ensure that resources are focused where challenges are greatest.
Equity in treatment is a barrier to care for patients. For instance, patients in correctional settings sit outside the insurance system and are ineligible by federal law for Medicaid benefits. We work to advance initiatives to increase patient access to medical care while incarcerated as well as access to care and coverage as they re-enter their communities. We also advocate to eliminate other barriers to care, including prior authorizations, step edits, and deductibles.
25
We have various programs to help patients access our products. For example, we sponsor a commercial co-pay assistance program that helps patients meet co-payment obligations imposed by their commercial insurance.
Additionally, we sponsor an insurance reimbursement hub to facilitate the dispensing of our products that HCPs and pharmacies may access via telephone to confirm coverage and level of benefits. We also provide patient access specialists to problem solve access issues, coverage, and coding (after a product has been ordered). 
There has been enhanced scrutiny of company-sponsored patient assistance programs, both from government enforcement and payors.
Medical Affairs Team
Our Medical Affairs Team, which supports HCPs and health administrators and includes Medical Science Liaisons and Medical Outcomes Value Liaisons responsible for responding to unsolicited off-label questions, clarifying data related to our products, working with study investigators, and developing and delivering real world evidence regarding the usage and potential benefits or risks of a medical product derived from an analysis of real-world data. Our Medical Affairs team is separate from sales and marketing.
Marketing
Our marketing efforts are focused on reaching the sufferers of the diseases that our products treat and the HCPs who treat them. I
n each of our markets, our commercial activities are supported by strategic planning, business analytics and measurement, and quarterly territory plans, ensuring that each market and sales territory is effectively resourced to maximize market access, and to increase appropriate use of our products.
In the U.S., our marketing team is responsible for developing marketing and sales materials, product websites, conference presentations and presence, and media plans which are reviewed by our Promotions Review Committee (PRC) consisting of medical, regulatory, and legal team members to assess compliance with rules and regulations as appropriate. We also provide reimbursement support for our U.S. markets. In addition, we have established strong marketing expertise in increasing disease state and treatment awareness, embedded in various platforms including digital and traditional media. We employ third party vendors, such as advertising agencies, market research firms and suppliers of marketing and other sales support-related services, to assist with our commercial activities.
The challenges that we face in the sales process for our products include:
•
understanding of the science that underpins the SUBLOCADE value propositions, 
•
considerations related to buprenorphine being a controlled substance that is subject to regulation in the countries where our products are marketed, 
•
SUBLOCADE having been approved by the FDA with a REMS, 
•
SUBLOCADE requiring secure, refrigerated storage and the requirement that SUBLOCADE be administered by an HCP, and
•
developing strategies to ensure market acceptance of OPVEE, competing with an established product, and serving customers, most of which are expected to be incremental to our existing customer base.
To assist our sales and marketing efforts, we invest in data infrastructure and related professionals to derive insights from our data. These insights allow us to prioritize our marketing efforts, identify obstacles and barriers to treatment, and suggest new approaches.
26
Distribution
We distribute our products in more than 30 countries. Based on the country where sales originate, we derived 85%, 83%, and 81% of our net revenues from the U.S. in 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively.
The distribution of our buprenorphine products is more complicated than other specialty pharmaceutical products because buprenorphine is regulated in the U.S. as a Schedule III drug by the FDA, and similarly restricted by law enforcement authorities in the Most of World. Additionally, certain products, like SUBLOCADE, utilize a restricted delivery network. Additionally, to ensure proper administration, SUBLOCADE may only be administered by an HCP and are not dispensed to the patient directly. To ensure that our products are available to HCPs and patients, we utilize specialty distributors and a network of several hundred specialty pharmacies that are equipped to adhere to these special requirements.
(The FDA requires a REMS for SUBOXONE Film and for SUBLOCADE Injection. The goal of the SUBLOCADE REMS program is to mitigate the risk of serious harm or death that could result from intravenous self-administration by ensuring healthcare settings and pharmacies are certified and only provide SUBLOCADE directly to a healthcare provider for administration by a healthcare provider to the patient. SUBOXONE Film is part of the Buprenorphine Transmucosal Products for Opioid Dependence ("BTOD”) shared REMS program, the goals of which are to: 1) mitigate the risks of accidental overdose, misuse, and abuse, and 2) inform prescribers, pharmacists, and patients of the serious risks associated with buprenorphine-containing products.)
In contrast, SUBOXONE Film may be dispensed directly to a patient by a pharmacy with an appropriate DEA license. Accordingly, a substantial portion of our sales are to pharmaceutical wholesalers, specialty pharmacies, and distributors who, in turn, sell our products to pharmacies, hospitals, and other customers, including federal and state entities.
Our three largest customers (which are wholesale pharmaceutical companies in the U.S.) accounted for 
55%
, 
54%
, and 
55%
 of global net revenues in 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. Our largest customer in each year accounted for 
19%
, 
19%
, and 22% of our net revenues in 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. These customers are our primary purchasers of SUBOXONE Film in the U.S., and as sales of SUBLOCADE grow, which is sold mostly through specialty pharmacies and specialty distributors, the relative importance of these three largest customers declines. Our fourth largest customer is one of these specialty pharmacies.
Logistics
We use central third-party logistics and warehouses that comply with applicable local regulations for storage and distribution of our products into the supply chain. Our third-party logistics provider specializes in integrated operations that include warehousing and transportation services that can be scaled and customized to our needs based on market conditions and the demands and delivery service requirements for our medicines and materials. Their services eliminate the need to build dedicated internal infrastructures that would be difficult to scale without significant capital investment. Our third-party logistics provider warehouses all medicines in controlled FDA-registered facilities in the U.S., or which meet applicable requirements outside the U.S. Orders are prepared and shipped through an order entry system to ensure adequate supply and delivery of our medicines.
Most of World
Our commercial activities are currently focused on SUBLOCADE long-acting injectable (also called SUBUTEX Prolonged Release), SUBUTEX Tablet, SUBOXONE Tablet and SUBOXONE Film. Depending on the size and d
emands of the relevant markets, dedicated teams of clinical liaisons, health policy liaisons, or a combination of both, work to accelerate access to treatment for patients.
In Canada and in approved markets in Europe and Australia, we have a field force of sales specialists. In markets where these products either are not approved or are unable to be promoted under local regulation, we have medical affairs personnel responsible for responding to medical information requests and for providing information consistent with local treatment protocols with respect to such products. Such 
27
medical affairs personnel are separate from sales and marketing personnel. In certain European markets, we have a sales team and a separate team of medical science liaisons supporting our rolling launches of SUBLOCADE and SUBOXONE Film. 
Outside the U.S. and Europe, we directly market SUBLOCADE, SUBOXONE Film, and SUBOXONE Tablets in in Canada and SUBLOCADE, SUBOXONE Film, and SUBUTEX Tablets in Australia. We also utilize distributors in certain markets outside the U.S. where we do not market our products directly.
Intellectual Property
We own or license several patents and patent rights in the U.S. and other countries covering or relating to certain of the products and pipeline products mentioned above and have created brand names and also registered trademarks where appropriate for our products. Generally, and where possible, we rely upon patent protection to ensure market exclusivity for the life of the patent. We consider the overall protection of our patents, trademarks, and license rights to be of material value and take actions to protect these rights from infringement or misuse where appropriate.
The majority of an innovative product’s commercial value is usually realized during the period in which the product has market exclusivity. In the branded pharmaceutical industry, an innovator’s product’s market exclusivity is generally determined by two forms of protection: patent rights held by the innovator company; and any regulatory forms of exclusivity to which the innovator is entitled. In the U.S. and some other countries, when market exclusivity expires and generic versions of a product are approved and marketed, there are often very substantial and rapid declines in the branded product’s sales. The rate of this decline varies by country and by therapeutic category; however, following patent expiration, branded products often continue to have some market viability based either upon the goodwill generated by the product name, which typically benefits from trademark protection, or upon the difficulties associated with replicating the product formulation or bioavailability.
Patents are a key determinant of market exclusivity for most branded pharmaceuticals as they can provide the innovator with the right to exclude others from practicing an invention related to the product. Patents may cover, among other things, the active ingredient(s), various uses of a drug product, pharmaceutical formulations, drug delivery mechanisms, the manufacture of products and processes for the manufacture of products, and intermediate compounds useful in the manufacture of products. Protection for aspects of individual products extends for varying periods in accordance with the expiry dates of patents in the various countries. The protection afforded, which may also vary from country to country, depends upon the type of patent, its scope of coverage and the availability of meaningful legal remedies in the country. However, patents and other forms of protection can never protect us from all forms of competition, such as from similar products or from alternatives. See, for example, “