Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
—E. Critical Accounting Estimates
.” These estimates may be more sensitive, particularly regarding assumptions pertaining to the difference between gross revenue and net revenue, than others in our industry or in other industries. Changes in accounting standards or their interpretation or changes in underlying assumptions and estimates or judgments could significantly change our reported or expected financial performance or financial condition.
The obligations associated with being a company publicly traded in the U.S. require significant resources and management attention, and changing laws, regulations and standards are creating uncertainty for U.S. public companies.
As a company publicly traded in the U.S., we incur legal, accounting and other expenses that we did not previously incur. We are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (“Sarbanes-Oxley Act”) which contain certain exemptions for FPIs, the listing requirements of Nasdaq, and other applicable securities rules and regulations. The Exchange Act requires that we file annual and other reports with respect to our business, financial condition, and results of operations. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we establish and maintain effective ICFR. Furthermore, the establishment and the maintenance of the corporate infrastructure demanded of a company publicly traded in the U.S. may, in certain circumstances, divert management’s attention from implementing our growth strategy, which could prevent us from improving our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We have made, and will continue to make, enhancements to our ICFR and accounting systems in order to meet our reporting obligations as a company publicly traded in the U.S. However, the measures we take may not satisfy these obligations. In addition, compliance with these rules and regulations has increased our legal and financial compliance costs and has made some activities more time-consuming and costly. These additional obligations may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow.
In addition, changing laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance, ESG matters, and public disclosure create uncertainty for public companies in the U.S., increasing legal and financial compliance costs and making some activities more time-consuming. These laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations, in many cases due to their lack of specificity and, as a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies. This could result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance practices. We have invested, and expect to continue to invest, resources to comply with evolving laws, regulations and standards, and this investment may result in increased operating expenses and a diversion of management’s time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities. If our efforts to comply with new laws, regulations and standards differ from the activities intended by regulatory or governing bodies due to ambiguities related to their application and practice, regulatory authorities may initiate legal proceedings against us and our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow could be adversely affected.
In addition, as a company publicly traded in the U.S., our shareholders may file securities class action litigation against that company based on various claims such as securities fraud and other violations of securities laws when the market price of a company’s shares has been volatile. For example, an amended, purported securities class action lawsuit was filed against Indivior PLC, Mark Crossley (the CEO of the Company), Ryan Preblick (the CFO of the Company), and Richard Simkin (the Chief Commercial Officer of the Company) on December 5, 2024, alleging violations of certain U.S. federal securities laws following a 
99
sudden drop in the market price of the Company’s ordinary shares. See 
16. Commitments and Contingencies
.

The defense and disposition of litigation of this type could result in substantial costs and divert resources and the time and attention of our management, which could materially and adversely affect our business or financial condition. See also the discussion of similar, but less common, U.K. litigation under the caption “ U.K. shareholder claims” in 
Item 8
.
 Financial Statements—Audited Consolidated Financial Statements - Note 16. Commitments and Contingencies.” 
Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments.
None.
Item 1C. Cybersecurity.
Risk management and strategy
The Company recognizes the increasing sophistication of cyber threats, including phishing, malware attacks, and ransomware, affecting industries worldwide. Because we collect, store and transmit confidential information, including intellectual property, proprietary business information, and personal information in the ordinary course of our business, we are often the subject of various cyber-attacks. We may also be targeted by organized crime because of the nature of our products. Therefore, the Company has a number of processes for assessing, identifying, and managing material risks from cybersecurity threats as outlined below. In particular, the Company’s cybersecurity risk management and strategy efforts encompass various measures, including:
a.
Risk Assessment Framework:
 The Company endeavors to assess cyber risks in an ever-evolving cybersecurity threat landscape and seeks to grow the maturity of its infrastructure to defend against these ever-evolving cybersecurity threats. The Company uses a risk assessment framework as part of its risk management process related to cybersecurity, which includes the evaluation of potential vulnerabilities, threats, and impacts on the organization's information systems and data. This includes assessing the likelihood and potential consequences of identified cyber risks and threats to the enterprise.
b.
Business Operating Standards:
 The Company has established business operating standards, monitoring processes, and a business resilience program to support the continuity of operations in the face of potential disruptions.
c.
IT Strategy and Governance:
 The Company maintains IT strategies, governance frameworks, policies, processes, and disaster recovery plans which are aligned with overall business continuity objectives. 
d.
Incident Response Plan:
 The Company maintains an incident response plan that outlines specific steps to be taken in the event of a cybersecurity incident. This plan includes procedures for containing the incident, mitigating its impact, and recovering affected systems and data.
e.
Security Measures:
 The Company deploys a large number of processes and tools to attempt to secure its systems and protect sensitive data. 
Indivior’s information security program is aligned with the NIST 800-53 CSF framework.
f.
Employee Training and Awareness:
 The Company actively works to promote a culture of security awareness including by investing in ongoing employee training and awareness programs. The Company conducts security exercises and provides training modules that cover topics like recognizing phishing attempts and maintaining strong password practices.
g.
Third-Party Risk Management
:
 We also use a number of third-party vendors who have or could have access to our confidential information. The Company has established processes to evaluate and manage cybersecurity threats associated with certain third-party service providers. The Company continues to evolve its third-party risk review processes for new and existing, critical third-party service providers.
100
h.
Regular Audits and Assessments:
 Periodic internal and external audits and assessments are conducted periodically to evaluate the effectiveness of the cybersecurity measures in place. These audits help in identifying areas for improvement and compliance with industry standards and regulations.
i.
Incident Simulations:
 The Company conducts periodic incident simulation exercises to test the effectiveness of its incident response plans and the readiness of personnel to contain, remediate and minimize the impact in the event of a cybersecurity incident. These exercises help in refining response strategies and improving preparedness.
j.
Use of Experts
:
 From time to time, the Company engages a variety of third parties with expertise in cybersecurity to conduct independent assessments and provide recommendations for enhancing its cybersecurity posture.
k.
ERM Integration: 
The Company integrates the results of the Company’s cyber risk assessment into its Enterprise Risk Management process
, which is designed to identify, assess, manage, report, and monitor risks and opportunities affecting the achievement of the Company's strategy and objectives.

Following a cybersecurity incident, and during its investigation and the formulation of a response, our processes also envision measures designed to contain and/or eradicate the incident and prevent further effects. Once it is determined that the incident has been resolved, we then work to establish appropriate controls (if applicable) to address similar future events and/or prevent another similar event from occurring in the future. 
To date, we have not experienced any previous cybersecurity incidents that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition.
Governance
The 
Audit & Risk Committee
 of the Board oversees the Company’s cybersecurity efforts.

The Company's cybersecurity efforts are managed by the Chief Information Security Officer (“CISO”) who has over 20 years of experience as a security professional in the pharmaceutical industry. 
The CISO reports directly to the Chief Information and Innovation Officer (“CIIO”), who has over 30 years of experience as an Information Technology (“IT”) professional including 15 years in leadership roles in the pharmaceutical, medical device and diagnostics industry, and was formerly Chief Information Officer and VP Global Supply Chain, Immucor, VP Global Information Services, Smith & Nephew, Sr. IT Director, Medtronic, and Sr. Manager, Deloitte Consulting.
The Audit & Risk Committee receives updates on an annual basis from the CIIO and CISO on the Company’s Cybersecurity strategy approach to 
IT and cybersecurity, including on the prevention, detection, mitigation, and remediation of cybersecurity incidents. The Audit & Risk Committee also receives briefings as necessary on cyber risks and current threats directly from external cybersecurity experts. The CISO oversees the Company’s governance programs, tests compliance with standards, works to remediate known risks, and leads our employee training program.
The CISO is informed and monitors the latest developments in cybersecurity, including potential threats and innovative risk management techniques. In the event of a cybersecurity incident, the CISO is equipped with a specific incident response plan. This plan includes immediate actions to mitigate the impact and long-term strategies for remediation and prevention of future incidents. As is necessary, the CISO and the CIIO, working at the direction of the Chief Legal Officer and outside counsel, inform the Audit & Risk Committee of any cybersecurity incidents and 
inform the Board
 directly of any material cybersecurity incidents.
 See also “