ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
The following includes a discussion of our results of operations and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2024 compared to the year ended December 31, 2023, on both a consolidated basis and on a segment basis. For a discussion of our financial results and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2023 compared with the year ended December 31, 2022, see Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our 
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023
.
This discussion should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes contained elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. For additional information related to our segments, see 
Note 20 - Segment and Related Information
, to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Non-GAAP Financial Measure
The following discussion includes financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP, as well as another financial measure, Utility Margin, that is considered a “non-GAAP financial measure.” Generally, a non-GAAP financial measure is a numerical measure of a company’s financial performance, financial position or cash flows that excludes (or includes) amounts that are included in (or excluded from) the most directly comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP. We define Utility Margin as Operating Revenues less fuel, purchased supply and direct transmission expense (exclusive of depreciation and depletion) as presented in our Consolidated Statements of Income. This measure differs from the GAAP definition of Gross Margin due to the exclusion of Operating and maintenance, Property and other taxes, and Depreciation and depletion expenses, which are presented separately in our Consolidated Statements of Income. The following discussion includes a reconciliation of Utility Margin to Gross Margin, the most directly comparable GAAP measure.
We believe that Utility Margin provides a useful measure for investors and other financial statement users to analyze our financial performance in that it excludes the effect on total revenues caused by volatility in energy costs and associated regulatory mechanisms. This information is intended to enhance an investor's overall understanding of results. Under our various state regulatory mechanisms, as detailed below, our supply costs are generally collected from customers. In addition, Utility Margin is used by us to determine whether we are collecting the appropriate amount of energy costs from customers to allow for recovery of operating costs, as well as to analyze how changes in loads (due to weather, economic or other conditions), rates and other factors impact our results of operations. Our Utility Margin measure may not be comparable to that of other companies' presentations or more useful than the GAAP information provided elsewhere in this report. 
OVERVIEW
NorthWestern Energy Group, doing business as NorthWestern Energy, provides electricity and/or natural gas to approximately 787,000 customers in Montana, South Dakota, Nebraska, and Yellowstone National Park. Our operations in Montana and Yellowstone National Park are conducted through our subsidiary, NW Corp, and our operations in South Dakota and Nebraska are conducted through our subsidiary, NWE Public Service. As you read this discussion and analysis, refer to our Consolidated Statements of Income, which present the results of our operations for 2024, 2023 and 2022. Following is a discussion of our strategy and significant trends.
We work to deliver safe, reliable and innovative energy solutions that create value for customers, communities, employees and investors. We do this by providing low-cost and reliable service performed by highly-adaptable and skilled employees. We are focused on delivering long-term shareholder value through: 
•
Infrastructure investment focused on a stronger and smarter grid to improve the customer experience, while enhancing grid reliability and safety. This includes automation in customer meters, distribution and substations that enables the use of proven new technologies.
•
Investing in and integrating supply resources that balance reliability, cost, capacity, and sustainability considerations with more predictable long-term commodity prices. 
•
Continually improving our operating efficiency. Financial discipline is essential to earning our authorized return on invested capital and maintaining a strong balance sheet, stable cash flows, and quality credit ratings to continue to attract cost-effective capital for future investment.
40
We expect to pursue these investment opportunities and manage our business in a manner that allows us to be flexible in adjusting to changing economic conditions by adjusting the timing and scale of the projects. 
In 2024, approximately 58 percent of our owned and long-term contracted resources originated from carbon-free resources, compared to approximately 41 percent for the total U.S. electric power industry. We are committed to providing customers with reliable and affordable electric and natural gas services while also being good stewards of the environment. Towards this end, our efforts towards a carbon-free future are outlined through our goal to achieve net zero carbon emissions by 2050. Our vision for the future builds on the progress we have made, including our hydroelectric system in Montana, which is 100 percent carbon free and is readily available capacity. For us, wind generation is a close second and continues to grow. While utility-scale solar energy has not been a significant portion of our energy mix to date, we recently entered into power purchase agreements with two solar projects totaling 160-megawatts that began delivering energy to our Montana customers in 2023. We expect solar to further evolve along with advances in energy storage. We are committed to working with our customers and communities to help them achieve their sustainability goals and add new technology on our system. 
41

HOW WE PERFORMED IN 2024 COMPARED TO OUR 2023 RESULTS
Year Ended December 31, 2024 vs. 2023
Income Before Income Taxes
Income Tax Benefit (Expense)
Net Income
(in millions)
December 31, 2023
$
201.6 
$
(7.5)
$
194.1 
Variance in 
revenue
 and fuel, purchased supply, and direct transmission expense
(1) 
items impacting net income:
Base rates
62.4 
(15.8)
46.6 
Electric transmission revenue
18.6 
(4.7)
13.9 
Montana interim rates (subject to refund)
4.8 
(1.2)
3.6 
Montana natural gas transportation
2.3 
(0.6)
1.7 
Montana property tax tracker collections
1.1 
(0.3)
0.8 
Production tax credits, offset within income tax benefit (expense)
0.2 
(0.2)
— 
Non-recoverable Montana electric supply costs
(7.9)
2.0 
(5.9)
QF liability adjustment
(4.2)
1.1 
(3.1)
Natural gas retail volumes
(4.0)
1.0 
(3.0)
Electric retail volumes
(0.9)
0.2 
(0.7)
Other
(3.2)
0.8 
(2.4)
Variance in 
expense
 items
(2) 
impacting net income:
Operating, maintenance, and administrative
(19.4)
4.9 
(14.5)
Depreciation
(17.1)
4.3 
(12.8)
Interest expense
(17.1)
4.3 
(12.8)
Property and other taxes not recoverable within trackers
(4.4)
1.1 
(3.3)
Release of unrecognized tax benefits (inclusive of related interest previously accrued)
— 
17.8 
17.8 
Gas repairs safe harbor method change
— 
7.0 
7.0 
Other
1.9 
(4.8)
(2.9)
December 31, 2024
$
214.7 
$
9.4 
$
224.1 
Change in Net Income
$
30.0 
(1) Exclusive of depreciation and depletion shown separately below.
(2) Excluding fuel, purchased supply, and direct transmission expense.
Consolidated net income in 2024 was $224.1 million as compared with $194.1 million in 2023. This increase was primarily due to new base rates in Montana and South Dakota, electric transmission revenue, and income tax benefits from a change to the gas repairs safe harbor method and a reduction to our unrecognized tax benefits. These were offset in part by non-recoverable Montana electric supply costs, a less favorable QF liability adjustment, electric and natural gas retail volumes, depreciation, operating, administrative and general costs, and interest expense.
42
SIGNIFICANT TRENDS AND REGULATION
Regulatory Update
Rate reviews are necessary to recover the cost of providing safe, reliable service, while contributing to earnings growth and achieving our financial objectives. We regularly review the need for electric and natural gas rate relief in each state in which we provide service. Our ongoing rate review activity includes the following:
Montana Rate Review - 
In July 2024, we filed a Montana electric and natural gas rate review (2023 test year) with the MPSC. The filing requests a base rate annual revenue increase of $156.5 million ($69.4 million net with Property Tax and PCCAM tracker adjustments) for electric and $28.6 million for natural gas. Our request is based on a return on equity of 10.80 percent with a capital structure including 46.81 percent equity, and forecasted 2024 electric and natural gas rate base of $3.45 billion and $731.9 million, respectively. The electric rate base investment includes the 175-megawatt natural gas-fired Yellowstone County Generating Station, which was placed in service in October 2024. 
In November 2024, the MPSC partially approved our requested interim rates, which are subject to refund, increasing electric and natural gas base rates by $18.4 million and $17.4 million, respectively, and decreasing our PCCAM base costs by $88.0 million, effective December 1, 2024. 
In January 2025, intervenor testimony was filed and we anticipate filing our rebuttal testimony in March 2025. Based on the procedural schedule developed by the MPSC, a hearing on our rate review request is scheduled to commence on April 22, 2025. If a final order is not received by May 23, 2025, which is 270 days from acceptance of our filing, we intend to implement our requested rates as permitted by the MPSC regulations, which will be subject to refund until a final order is received. 
South Dakota Natural Gas Rate Review - 
In June 2024, we filed a natural gas rate review (2023 test year) with the SDPUC for an annual increase to natural gas rates totaling approximately $6.0 million. Our request was based on a rate of return of 7.75 percent and rate base of $95.6 million. In December 2024, the SDPUC issued a final order approving the settlement agreement between NorthWestern and SDPUC Staff for an annual increase in base rates of approximately $4.6 million and an authorized rate of return of 6.91 percent. The approved settlement is based on a rate base of $96.2 million. Final rates were effective December 19, 2024.
Nebraska Natural Gas Rate Review - 
In June 2024, we filed a natural gas rate review (2023 test year) with the NPSC. The filing requests a base rate annual revenue increase of $3.6 million. Our request is based on a return on equity of 10.70 percent, a capital structure including 53.13 percent equity, and rate base of $47.4 million. Interim rates, which increased base natural gas rates $2.3 million, were implemented on October 1, 2024. Interim rates will remain in effect on a refundable basis until the NPSC issues a final order.
Electric Resource Planning - Montana
Yellowstone County 175 MW plant
 -
 Construction of the generation facility was substantially completed and the plant placed in service in October 2024. As of December 31, 2024, we have incurred $305.5 million of generation plant costs and $12.1 million of non-generation plant costs related to YCGS. The lawsuit challenging the YCGS air quality permit, which required us to suspend construction activities for a period of time, as well as additional related legal and construction challenges, delayed the project timing and increased costs. On January 3, 2025, the Montana Supreme Court ordered that the YCGS air quality permit be reinstated. See 
Note 1
8
 - Commitments and Contingencies
 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein for additional information regarding legal challenges impacting YCGS. 
Acquisition of Colstrip Interests -

As previously disclosed, in January 2023 and in July 2024, we entered into definitive agreements, the first with Avista Corporation (Avista) and the second with Puget Sound Energy (Puget), to acquire their respective interests in Colstrip Units 3 & 4 for $0. In particular, we agreed to acquire a 15% (222 megawatts) interest from Avista and a 25% (370 megawatts) interest from Puget. These agreements are substantially similar and are both scheduled to close December 31, 2025, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions and approvals contained within the agreements. Under the terms of the agreements, we will be responsible for operating costs starting on January 1, 2026; while Puget and Avista will remain responsible for their respective pre-closing share of environmental and pension liabilities attributed to events or conditions existing prior to the closing of the transaction and for any future decommission and demolition costs associated with the existing facilities that comprise their interests. 
Acquisition of Avista and Puget's interests would result in our ownership of 55 percent of the facility with the ability to guide operating and maintenance investments. This would provide capacity to help us meet our obligation to provide reliable and cost effective power to our customers in Montana, while allowing opportunity for us to identify and plan for newer lower or no-carbon technologies in the future.
43
EPA Rules
In April 2024, the EPA released GHG Rules for existing coal-fired facilities and new coal and natural gas-fired facilities as well as MATS Rules. Compliance with the rules will require expensive upgrades at Colstrip Units 3 and 4 with proposed compliance dates that may not be achievable and / or require technology that is unproven, resulting in significant impacts to costs of the facilities. The final MATS and GHG Rules require compliance as early as 2027 and 2032, respectively. However, the Trump Administration is evaluating energy related regulations impacting reliability and affordability. See 
Note 1
8
 - Commitments and Contingencies
 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein for additional information regarding these rules.
Acquisition of Energy West Montana Assets
In July 2024, we entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement with Hope Utilities to acquire its Energy West natural gas utility distribution system and operations serving approximately 33,000 customers located near Great Falls, Cut Bank, and West Yellowstone, Montana for approximately $39.0 million, subject to certain working capital and other agreed upon closing adjustments. The transaction is subject to a number of customary closing conditions, including MPSC approval, and we expect the acquisition to be completed in the first half of 2025.
Regional Transmission Development Activities
In August 2024, the U.S. Department of Energy awarded a $700.0 million grant through the Grid Resilience and Innovation Partnership (GRIP) program to advance the NPC Consortium project. The 415-mile, high-voltage direct-current transmission line is intended to connect Montana's Colstrip substation, of which we are the operator and a joint owner, to central North Dakota, bridging the eastern and western U.S. energy grids. The NPC Consortium includes potential upgrades to our jointly owned Colstrip Transmission System and $70.0 million of the award is earmarked for the Colstrip Transmission System Upgrade. The NPC project, estimated to be a $3.6 billion investment, aims to enhance grid reliability, support renewable energy integration, and provide additional capacity across multiple states. We collaborated with Grid United, the Montana Department of Commerce, and other regional utilities on the successful GRIP grant application.
In addition to the Colstrip Transmission System Upgrade, in December 2024, we signed a nonbinding memorandum of understanding (MOU) with North Plains Connector LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Grid United, to own 10 percent (300 megawatts) of the NPC Consortium project. The project is entering the permitting phase and initiating regulatory filings with approvals targeted in 2026. Construction is expected to commence in 2028, with the project expected to be operational by 2032. Under the terms of the MOU, Grid United will continue to fund the development of the NPC and we will invest when the regulatory approvals and permits are in place. The project is a critical infrastructure investment that aligns with our commitment to providing reliable and affordable energy to our customers while also supporting broader grid resilience efforts in the region. 
President Trump issued an Executive Order on January 20, 2025, "Unleashing American Energy," directing all federal executive agency heads to review all agency actions implicating energy reliability and affordability or potentially burdening the development of domestic energy resources. This Executive Order has delayed, for up to 90 days, the disbursement of the funds granted by the U.S. Department of Energy for the NPC Consortium project.
We have also entered into a nonbinding letter of intent with Grid United to continue transmission development to further enhance the grid through the southwest corridor of Montana. Development to expand the southwest corridor of Montana through grid build out would represent a significant step in enhancing connectivity between Montana and the broader Western energy market - bolstering grid reliability, allowing for critical import capability, and enabling customers to access and benefit from emerging energy markets in the West.
Montana Data Centers
In December 2024, we announced two separate nonbinding letters of intent to provide electric supply services for data centers being developed in Montana. The combined energy service requirement is expected to be 75 megawatts beginning in early 2026 with growth of up to 400 megawatts or more by 2030. Our strategic acquisition of additional interest in Colstrip Units 3 & 4 beginning in 2026, the construction of the YCGS, and our balanced energy portfolio have enabled us to serve new large energy supply customers while continuing to provide our current customers with affordable and reliable energy.
44
SIGNIFICANT INFRASTRUCTURE INVESTMENTS AND INITIATIVES
Our estimated capital expenditures for the next five years, including our electric and natural gas transmission and distribution and electric generation infrastructure investment plan, are as follows (in millions):
Electric Supply Resource Plans - 
Our energy resource plans identify portfolio resource requirements including potential investments. For additional information related to our electric supply resource plans, see