ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
You should carefully consider the risk factors described below, as well as all other information available to you, before making an investment in our common stock or other securities. Although the risks are organized by heading, and each risk is described separately, many of the risks are interrelated. You should not interpret the disclosure of any risk factor to imply that the risk has not already materialized. While we believe we have identified and discussed below the key risk factors affecting our business, there may be additional risks and uncertainties that are not presently known or that are not currently believed to be significant that may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows in the future.
Regulatory, Legislative and Legal Risks

Our profitability depends on our ability to recover the costs of providing energy and utility services to our customers and earn a return on our capital investment in our utility operations. We are subject to potential unfavorable litigation, and state and federal regulatory outcomes. To the extent our incurred costs are deemed imprudent by the applicable regulatory commissions or certain regulatory mechanisms are not available, we may not recover some of our costs or collect them in a timely manner, which could adversely impact our results of operations and liquidity.
We are subject to comprehensive regulation by federal and state utility regulatory agencies, including siting and construction of facilities, customer service and rates that we can charge customers. Rate regulation is premised on providing an opportunity to earn a reasonable rate of return on invested capital and rates are generally set through a process called a rate review (or rate case) in which the utility commission analyzes our costs incurred during a historical test year and decides whether they may be included in our base rates. In addition to formal general rate reviews, we also have cost tracking mechanisms that are intended to allow us to recover prudently incurred costs. There can be no assurance that the applicable regulatory commission will judge all of our costs to have been prudently incurred or that the regulatory process in which rates are determined will result in rates that allow us the opportunity to earn our authorized return or provide for timely and full recovery of such costs. In addition, each regulatory commission sets rates based in part upon their acceptance of an allocated share of total utility costs. When commissions adopt different methods to calculate inter-jurisdictional cost allocations, some costs may not be recovered. Differing schedules and regulatory practices between our state commissions and FERC expose us to the risk that we may not fully recover our costs due to timing of filings, specific calculations and issues such as cost allocation methodologies. Thus, the rates we are allowed to charge may or may not match our costs at any given time. Adverse regulatory rulings could have an adverse impact on our results of operations and materially affect our ability to meet our financial obligations, including debt payments and the payment of dividends on our common stock.
We are subject to changing federal and state laws and regulations. Congress and state legislatures may enact legislation that adversely affects our operations and financial results.
We are subject to regulations under a wide variety of U.S. federal and state regulations and policies. Regulation affects almost every aspect of our business. Changes to federal and state laws and regulations are continuous and ongoing and the federal administration, the U.S. Congress, state legislatures and state administrations may enact and implement new laws and regulations that could adversely and materially affect us. For example, legislation and regulations may be enacted that require or facilitate alternative generation or storage which, in turn, could result in customers using less of our energy or facilities which could reduce our revenues and our growth opportunities. We cannot predict future changes in laws and regulations, how they will be implemented and interpreted, or the ultimate effect that this changing environment will have on us. There can be no assurance that laws, regulations and policies will not be changed in ways that have a material adverse effect on our operations, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.
We are subject to extensive and changing energy, and environmental laws and regulations, including legislative, judicial, and regulatory responses to climate change, with which compliance may be difficult and costly.
Our operations are subject to laws and regulations imposed by federal, state and local government authorities regarding energy policy, permitting/siting for energy projects, climate change, the environment, air and water quality, GHG emissions, protection of natural resources, migratory birds and other wildlife, solid waste disposal, coal ash and other environmental considerations. 
In response to recent regulatory and judicial decisions and international accords, GHG emissions, most significantly CO
2
, could be restricted in the future as a result of federal or state legal requirements or litigation relating to GHG emissions. Recently promulgated federal rules under the Biden Administration will potentially impose requirements on fossil fuel assets, but the Trump Administration is evaluating energy-related regulations impacting reliability and affordability. It is currently unclear whether the promulgated GHG or MATS Rules will be enforced, revised, or repealed. If these promulgated GHG and 
26
MATS Rules are implemented and enforced as currently written, they may affect our ability to reliably serve our customers and we could be subject to significant additional compliance costs that would affect our future financial position, results of operations, and cash flows if such costs are not recovered through regulated rates. Such changes also could affect the manner in which we conduct our business and could require us to make substantial additional capital expenditures or abandon certain projects. 
To the extent that costs exceed our estimated environmental liabilities, or we are not successful in recovering remediation costs or costs to comply with the proposed or any future changes in rules or regulations, our results of operations and financial position could be adversely affected. Certain environmental laws and regulations also provide for substantial civil and criminal fines for noncompliance which, if imposed, could result in material costs or liabilities.
In addition, there is a risk of environmental damage claims from private parties or government entities. We may be required to make significant expenditures in connection with the investigation and remediation of alleged or actual spills, personal injury or property damage claims, and the repair, upgrade or expansion of our facilities to meet future requirements and obligations under environmental laws. 
We are also at risk of unfavorable litigation outcomes related to zoning and environmental permits. See discussion related to YCGS below in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis – Significant Trends and Regulation.” Adverse litigation outcomes could cause us to delay or terminate projects, increase costs and impact our ability to service our customers. 
Early closure of our owned and jointly owned electric generating facilities due to environmental risks, litigation or public policy changes could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and liquidity. 
While a majority of our Company-wide electric supply portfolio is carbon-free, it does include fossil-fuel resources. Environmental advocacy groups, certain investors and other third parties oppose the operation of fossil-fuel generation, expressing concerns about the environmental and climate-related impacts from fossil fuels. This opposition may increase in scope and frequency depending on a number of variables, including the course of Federal and State laws and environmental regulations and the financial resources devoted to opposition efforts. These risks include litigation against us due to GHG or other emissions or coal combustion residuals disposal and storage; activist shareholder proposals; and increased activism before our regulators. We cannot predict the effect that any such opposition may have on our ability to operate and recover the costs of our generating facilities. In addition, defense costs associated with litigation can be significant and an adverse outcome could require substantial capital expenditures and could possibly require payment of substantial penalties or damages. Such payments or expenditures could affect results of operations, financial condition or cash flows if such costs are not recovered through regulated rates.
In particular, as described more fully below in 
Note 18 - Commitments and Contingencies
, we are a co-owner of Colstrip Unit 4. The remaining depreciable life of our investment in Colstrip Unit 4 is through 2042. On January 16, 2023 we entered into an agreement with Avista Corporation pursuant to which it will transfer to us its 15% project share in Units 3 and 4 on December 31, 2025. On July 30, 2024, we entered into an agreement with Puget Sound Energy pursuant to which it will transfer to us its 25% project share in Units 3 and 4 on December 31, 2025.
Increased risks of regulatory penalties could negatively impact our business.
We must comply with established reliability standards and requirements including Critical Infrastructure Protection Reliability Standards, which apply to NERC functions. NERC reliability standards protect the nations’ bulk power system against potential disruptions from cyber and physical security breaches. The FERC, NERC, or a regional reliability organization may assess penalties against any responsible entity that violates their rules, regulations or standards. Penalties for the most severe violations can reach nearly $1.2 million per violation, per day. If a serious reliability incident or other incidence of noncompliance did occur, it could have a material adverse effect on our operating and financial results.
Additionally, the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration, Occupational Safety and Health Administration and other federal or state agencies have penalty authority. In the event of serious incidents, these agencies have become more active in pursuing penalties. Some states have the authority to impose substantial penalties. If a serious reliability or safety incident did occur, it could have a material effect on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.
27
Federally mandated purchases of power from QFs, and integration of power generated from those projects in our system, may increase costs to our customers and decrease system reliability, limit our ability to make generation investments and adversely affect our business.
We are generally obligated under federal law to purchase power from certain QF projects, regardless of current load demand, availability of lower cost generation resources, transmission availability or market prices. Although some of these resources include a battery component, they are primarily intermittent generation whose prices may be in excess of market prices during times of lower customer demand, and may not be able to generate electricity during peak times. These resources typically do not meet the requirements set forth in our supply plans for resource procurement. These requirements to purchase supply that is inconsistent with customer need may have multiple impacts, including increasing the likelihood and frequency that we will be required to reduce output from owned generation resources, negatively impacting our ability to make our own generation investments and increasing the likelihood that we will need to upgrade or build additional transmission facilities to serve QF projects. Any of these results would increase costs to customers and impact our investment plan. Further, balancing load and power generation on our system is challenging, and we expect that operational costs will increase as a result of integration of these intermittent, non-dispatchable generation projects. If we are unable to timely recover those costs, those increased costs may negatively affect our liquidity, results of operations and financial condition.
In addition, requirements to procure power from these sources could impact our ability to make generation investments depending upon the number and size of QF contracts we ultimately enter into. The cost to procure power from these QFs may not be a cost effective resource for customers, or the type of generation resource needed, resulting in increased supply costs that are inconsistent with resource plans developed based on a lowest cost and least risk basis while placing upward pressure on overall customer bills. This may impact our investment plans and financial condition. Finally, the requirement to procure power from these QF sources may impact our transmission system and require additional transmission facilities to be developed in order to integrate these resources, which also can impact overall customer bills.
28
Operational Risks

Our electric and natural gas operations involve numerous activities that may result in accidents, fires, system outages and other operating risks and costs that are unique to our industry.
Inherent in our electric transmission and distribution and natural gas transmission and distribution operations are a variety of hazards and operating risks, such as breakdown or failure of equipment or processes, interruptions in fuel supply, supply chain interruptions, labor disputes, operator error, and catastrophic events such as fires, electric contacts, leaks, explosions, floods and intentional acts of destruction. For our natural gas lines located near populated areas, including residential areas, commercial business centers, industrial sites and other public gathering areas, the level of potential damages resulting from these risks could be significant. These risks could cause a loss of human life, facility shutdown or significant damage to property, service interruption, loss of customer load, environmental pollution, impairment of our operations, and substantial financial losses to us and others. 
Fire risk is significant in the western United States, including in our service territory. Various factors in recent years have contributed to increasing fire risk including dead and dying trees, warmer air temperatures, drought, wind, forest management practices, and land management practices. These factors increase the risk of a fire in both forests and grasslands. In forested areas, this issue has been heightened by mountain pine beetle and other infestations weakening and killing trees in our service territory. Worsening conditions as a result of climate change may increase the likelihood and magnitude of damages that may be caused by fires. Residential and commercial development into the wildland-urban interface has also led to an increasing trend in the degree of destruction from wildfires.
Fires alleged to have been caused by our equipment potentially expose us to significant penalties and/or damage awards based on claims of strict liability, negligence, gross negligence, inverse condemnation, nuisance, trespass and others. Our equipment has been alleged to be involved in igniting wildfires although none have had a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.
For our electric generating facilities, operational risks include facility shutdowns due to breakdown or failure of equipment or processes, interruptions in fuel supply, labor disputes, operator error, catastrophic events such as fires, explosions, floods, and intentional acts of destruction or other similar occurrences affecting the electric generating facilities; and operational changes necessitated by environmental legislation, litigation or regulation. The loss of a major electric generating facility would require us to find other sources of supply or ancillary services, if available, and expose us to higher purchased power costs and potential litigation which may not be recovered from customers. 
We maintain insurance against some, but not all, of these risks and losses. The occurrence of any of these events not fully covered by insurance could have a material adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations.
Additionally, during peak-load periods our electric and natural gas systems in Montana are constrained. These constraints limit our ability to transmit electric energy within Montana and access electric energy from outside the service area. Our electric transmission facilities are also interconnected with those of third parties, and thus operation of these facilities could be adversely affected by unexpected or uncontrollable events. Our natural gas system is also constrained, which limits our on-system deliverability and the ability to transport gas. We are similarly exposed to risk of interconnection with third-party pipelines and are dependent upon their operation to serve customers. These transmission constraints and events could result in failure to provide reliable service to customers due to the inability to deliver energy supply resources, or could result in significant cost increases due to the inability to access lower cost sources of energy supply.
Our electric and natural gas portfolios rely significantly on market purchases. This exposure adversely affects our ability to manage our operational requirements to reliably serve our customers, while exposing us to market volatility, which ultimately could adversely affect our results of operations and liquidity.
We are obligated to supply power to retail customers and certain wholesale customers and procure natural gas to supply fuel for our natural gas fired generation. Our need to acquire flexible energy supply and capacity in the market to meet our electric and natural gas load serving obligations exposes us to certain risks including the ability to reliably serve customers and significant uncertainty in the cost of supply, which may not be recoverable. We rely upon a combination of base-load supply from our owned and long-term contracted generation and market purchases to serve customers. During peak periods, power demand could exceed, and has exceeded, the available capacity of our owned and long-term contracted generation capacity, requiring us to purchase capacity and energy from the market. In the past, we have relied upon both in-state and out-of-state power purchase agreements for grid reliability and to physically serve customers. A significant number of base-load generation facilities, which may also serve to meet peak requirements, in the state and region have been retired or are scheduled to be retired in the next five to ten years. 
29
This includes Colstrip Units 1 and 2, representing 614 MWs of generation on a capacity basis, which ceased operations in January 2020. A decrease in the state and region’s electric capacity, whether for operational reasons or litigation outcomes, may impair the reliability of the grid, particularly during peak demand periods. There can be no assurance that there will be available counterparties to contract with to serve our customers' needs, or that these counterparties will fulfill their obligations to us. There is also no assurance that the transmission capacity required to import market purchases will be available on transmission systems owned by us or by third parties. In addition, the suppliers under these agreements may experience financial or operational problems that inhibit their ability to fulfill their obligations to us. These conditions could result in an inability to physically deliver electricity to our customers. Losing electric service during extreme conditions carries significant consequences, as without our services our customers may be subjected to dire circumstances.
Commodity pricing is an inherent risk component of our business operations and our financial results. Even though rate regulation is premised on full recovery of prudently incurred costs and a reasonable rate of return on invested capital, there can be no assurance that our costs are recoverable, as discussed above. The prevailing market prices for electricity may fluctuate substantially over relatively short periods of time, potentially adversely impacting our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows due to our need for market purchases and the sharing component of the Montana PCCAM. During recent periods, we have had a significant under-collection of these costs impacting our results of operations and cash flows.
In addition, our natural gas system serves both retail customers and the needs of natural gas fired electric generation. The natural gas system has capacity constraints that expose us to risks to be able to deliver natural gas during periods of peak demand.
Fluctuations in actual weather conditions, generation availability, transmission constraints, and generation reserve margins may all have an impact on market prices for energy and capacity and the electricity consumption of our customers on a given day. Extreme weather conditions may force us to purchase electricity in the short-term market on days when weather is unexpectedly severe, and the pricing for market energy may be significantly higher on such days than the cost of electricity in our existing generation and contracts. Unusually mild weather conditions could leave us with excess power which may be sold in the market at a loss if the market price is lower than the cost of electricity in our existing contracts. 
Weather and weather patterns, including normal seasonal and quarterly fluctuations of weather, as well as extreme weather events that might be associated with climate change, could adversely affect our ability to manage our operational requirements to serve our customers, and ultimately adversely affect our results of operations and liquidity.
Our electric and natural gas utility business is seasonal, and weather patterns can have a material impact on our financial performance. Demand for electricity and natural gas is often greater in the summer and winter months associated with cooling and heating. Because natural gas is heavily used for residential and commercial heating, the demand for this product depends heavily upon weather patterns throughout our market areas, and a significant amount of natural gas revenues are recognized in the first and fourth quarters related to the heating season. Accordingly, our operations have historically generated less revenue and income when weather conditions are milder in the winter and cooler in the summer. Unusually mild winters or cool summers could adversely affect our results of operations and financial position. In addition, exceptionally hot summer weather or unusually cold winter weather could add significantly to working capital needs to fund higher than normal supply purchases to meet customer demand for electricity and natural gas. Our sensitivity to weather volatility is significant due to the absence of regulatory mechanisms, such as those authorizing revenue decoupling, lost margin recovery, and other innovative rate designs. 
Severe weather impacts, including but not limited to, blizzards, thunderstorms, high winds, microbursts, floods, fires, tornadoes and snow or ice storms can disrupt energy generation, transmission and distribution. We derive a significant portion of our energy supply from hydroelectric facilities, and the availability of water can significantly affect operations. Higher temperatures may decrease the Montana snowpack and impact the timing of run-off and may require us to purchase replacement power. Dry conditions, which exist in the West and in our service territory, also increase the threat of fires, which could threaten our communities and electric distribution and transmission lines and facilities. In addition, fires that are alleged to have been caused by our system could expose us to substantial property damage and other claims. Any damage caused as a result of fires could negatively impact our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
The physical risks of climate change could include changes in weather conditions, such as changes in the amount or type of precipitation and extreme weather events. Climate change and the costs that may be associated with its impacts have the potential to affect our business in many ways, including increasing the cost incurred in providing electricity and natural gas, impacting the demand for and consumption of electricity and natural gas (due to change in both costs and weather patterns), and affecting the economic health of the regions in which we operate.
Extreme weather conditions, especially those of prolonged duration, create high energy demand on our own and/or other systems and increase the risk we may be unable to reliably serve customers, causing brownouts and/or blackouts of our electric 
30
systems, and loss of gas supply. Risk of losing electricity or gas supply during extreme weather carries significant consequences as without our services our customers may be subjected to dire circumstances. Additionally, extreme weather conditions may raise market prices as we buy short-term energy to serve our own system. To the extent the frequency of extreme weather events increases, this could increase our cost of providing service. In addition, we may not recover all costs related to mitigating these physical and financial risks.
Our results of operations may be impacted by disruptions to fuel supply or the electric grid that are beyond our control.
We are exposed to risks related to performance of contractual obligations by our suppliers, which includes parties transporting natural gas. We are dependent on coal and natural gas for a significant portion of our electric generating capacity. We rely on suppliers to deliver coal and natural gas in accordance with short- and long-term contracts. We have certain supply and transportation contracts in place; however, there can be no assurance that the counterparties to these agreements will fulfill their obligations to supply and deliver coal and natural gas to us. For instance, there currently is litigation pending relating to adequacy of certain permits for the Rosebud Mine in Montana, which supplies coal to Colstrip and contains significant quantities of coal. In order to operate the Colstrip facility through its currently identified depreciable life of 2042, it will be necessary to identify and contract for coal supply subsequent to expiration of our current contract. Moreover, the suppliers under these agreements may experience financial or technical problems that inhibit their ability to fulfill their obligations to us. In addition, the suppliers under these agreements may not be required to supply or transport coal and natural gas to us under certain circumstances, such as in the event of a natural disaster. Deliveries may be subject to short-term interruptions or reductions due to various factors, including transportation problems, weather, availability of equipment and labor shortages. Failure or delay by our suppliers of coal and natural gas deliveries could disrupt our ability to deliver electricity and require us to incur additional expenses to meet the needs of our customers.
Also, because our generation and transmission systems are part of an interconnected regional grid, we face the risk of possible loss of business due to a disruption or black-out caused by an event such as a severe storm, generator or transmission facility outage on a neighboring system or the actions of a neighboring utility. Any such disruption could result in a significant decrease in revenues and significant additional costs to repair assets, which could have a material adverse impact on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
Our revenues, results of operations and financial condition are impacted by customer growth and usage in our service territories and may fluctuate with current economic conditions or response to price increases. We are also impacted by market conditions outside of our service territories related to demand for transmission capacity and wholesale electric pricing.
Our revenues, results of operations and financial condition are impacted by customer growth and usage, which can be impacted by a number of factors, including the voluntary reduction of consumption of electricity and natural gas by our customers in response to increases in prices and demand-side management programs, economic conditions impacting decreases in their disposable income, and the use of distributed generation resources or other emerging technologies for electricity. Advances in distributed generation technologies that produce power, including fuel cells, micro-turbines, wind turbines and solar cells, may reduce the cost of alternative methods of producing power to a level competitive with central power station electric production. Customer-owned generation itself reduces the amount of electricity purchased from utilities and may have the effect of inappropriately increasing rates generally and increasing rates for customers who do not own generation, unless retail rates are designed to collect distribution grid costs across all customers in a manner that reflects the benefit from their use. Such developments could affect the price of energy, could affect energy deliveries as customer-owned generation becomes more cost-effective, could require further improvements to our distribution systems to address changing load demands and could make portions of our electric system power supply and transmission and/or distribution facilities obsolete prior to the end of their useful lives. Such technologies could also result in further declines in commodity prices or demand for delivered energy. 
Decreasing use per customer (driven, for example, by appliance and lighting efficiency) and the availability of cost-effective distributed generation, put downward pressure on load growth. Reductions in usage, attributable to various factors could materially affect our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows through, among other things, reduced operating revenues, increased operating and maintenance expenses, and increased capital expenditures, as well as potential asset impairment charges or accelerated depreciation and decommissioning expenses over shortened remaining asset useful lives.
Demand for our Montana transmission capacity fluctuates with regional demand, fuel prices and weather related conditions. The levels of wholesale sales depend on the wholesale market price, market participants, transmission availability, the availability of generation, and the ongoing development of the Western EIM, among other factors. Declines in wholesale market price, availability of generation, transmission constraints in the wholesale markets, or low wholesale demand could reduce wholesale sales. These events could adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
31
Cyber and physical attacks, threats of terrorism and catastrophic events that could result from terrorism, or individuals and/or groups attempting to disrupt our business, or the businesses of third parties, may affect our operations in unpredictable ways and could adversely affect our liquidity and results of operations. Failure to maintain the security of personally identifiable information could adversely affect us. 
Business Operations - 
We are subject to the potentially adverse operating and financial effects of terrorist acts and threats, as well as cyber attacks, physical security breaches and other disruptive activities of individuals or groups, and theft of our critical infrastructure information. Our generation, transmission and distribution facilities are deemed critical infrastructure and provide the framework for our service infrastructure. Cyber crime, which includes the use of malware, phishing attempts, computer viruses, and other means for disruption or unauthorized access has increased in frequency, scope, and potential impact in recent years. The advancement of artificial intelligence and large language models has given rise to additional vulnerabilities and potential entry points for cyber crime. Our assets and the information technology systems on which they depend could be direct targets of, or indirectly affected by, cyber attacks and other disruptive activities, including those that impact third party facilities that are interconnected to us. Any significant interruption of these assets or systems could prevent us from fulfilling our critical business functions including delivering energy to our customers, and sensitive, confidential and other data could be compromised.
Security threats continue to evolve and transform. T
he risk of cyber-based attacks is heightened due to recent geopolitical events as well as employees working and accessing our technology infrastructure remotely. We and our third-party vendors have been subject to, and will likely continue to be subject to, attempts to gain unauthorized access to systems, to confidential data, or to disrupt operatio
ns. With the continuing rise in ransomware and other cyber-based threats we continuously analyze our technology platforms and monitoring for signs of potential intrusions. 
There is also a risk of exposure of confidential or proprietary data through the inadvertent use of open artificial intelligence tools. 
We periodically engage with our vendors, suppliers and contractors to establish that they are taking appropriate measures. None of these attempts has individually or in the aggregate resulted in a security incident with a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. However, despite implementation of security and control measures, there can be no as
surance that we will be able to prevent the unauthorized access of our systems and data, or the disruption of our operations, either of which could have a material impact. 
These events, and governmental actions in response, could result in a material decrease in revenues and significant additional costs to repair and insure assets, and could adversely affect our operations by contributing to the disruption of supplies and markets for electricity, natural gas, oil and other fuels. These events could also impair our ability to raise capital by contributing to financial instability and reduced economic activity.
Personally Identifiable Information - 
Our information systems and those of our third-party vendors contain confidential information, including information about customers and employee
s. Customers, shareholders, and employees expect that we will adequately protect their personal information. The regulatory environment surrounding information security and privacy is increasingly demanding. A data breach invol
ving theft, improper disclosure, or other unauthorized access to or acquisition of confidential information could subject us to penalties for violation of applicable privacy laws, claims by third parties, and enforcement actions by government agencies. It could also reduce the value of proprietary information, and harm our reputation. 
We maintain insurance against some, but not all, of these risks and losses. The occurrence of any of these events not fully covered by insurance could have a material adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations.
We may have difficulty cost-effectively completing certain operations activities and construction projects due to inflationary pressures or if our third-party business partners are unable to deliver ordered supplies or complete contracted services timely, including workforce shortages or macro supply chain disruptions.
We place significant reliance on our third-party business partners to supply materials, equipment and labor necessary for us to operate our utility and reliably serve current customers and future customers. As a result of current macroeconomic conditions, both nationally and globally, we have recently experienced issues with our supply chain for materials and components used in our operations and capital project construction activities. Issues include higher prices, potential tariffs, scarcities/shortages, longer fulfillment times for orders from our suppliers, workforce availability, and wage increases. 
Should these economic conditions and issues continue, we could have difficulty completing the operational activities necessary to serve our customers safely and reliably, and/or achieving our capital investment program, which ultimately could result in higher customer utility rates, longer outages, and could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and operations.
32
Failure to attract and retain an appropriately qualified workforce could affect our operations.
We require skilled labor to perform specialized utility functions. Turnover of key employees without appropriate replacements may lead to operating challenges and increased costs. Some of the challenges include lack of resources, loss of knowledge, and time required for replacement employees to develop necessary skills. Wage inflation nationally and increased competitive labor markets may make it difficult to attract employees. Failure to identify qualified replacement employees could result in decreased productivity and increased safety costs. If we are unable to attract and retain an appropriately qualified workforce, our operations could be negatively affected. We are also subject to multiple collective bargaining agreements. Future negotiation of these collective bargaining agreements could lead to work stoppages or other disruptions to our operations, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
33
Liquidity and Financial Risks
We may be unable to obtain insurance coverage, and the coverage we currently have may not apply or may be insufficient to cover a significant loss.
Our ability to obtain insurance, as well as the cost of such insurance, could be impacted by developments affecting the insurance industry and the financial condition of insurers. Additionally, insurance providers could deny coverage or decline to extend coverage under the same or similar terms that are presently available to us. A loss for which we are not adequately insured could materially affect our financial results. The coverage we currently have in place may not apply to a particular loss, or it may not be sufficient to cover all liabilities to which we may be subject, including liability and losses associated with wildfires, natural gas and storage field explosions, cyber-security breaches, environmental hazards and natural disasters. 
Our plans for future expansion through the acquisition of assets, capital improvements to existing assets, generation investments, and transmission grid expansion involve substantial risks.
Our business strategy includes significant investment in capital improvements and additions to modernize existing infrastructure, generation investments and transmission capacity expansion. The completion of generation and natural gas investments and transmission projects are subject to many construction and development risks, including, but not limited to, risks related to permitting, financing, regulatory recovery, escalating costs of materials and labor, meeting construction budgets and schedules, and environmental compliance. In addition, these capital projects may require a significant amount of capital expenditures. We cannot provide certainty that adequate external financing will be available to support such projects. Additionally, borrowings incurred to finance construction may adversely impact our leverage, which could increase our cost of capital.
Acquisitions include a number of risks, including but not limited to, regulatory approval, regulatory conditions, additional costs, the assumption of material liabilities, the diversion of our attention from daily operations to the integration of the acquisition, difficulties in assimilation and retention of employees, and securing adequate capital to support the transaction. The regulatory process in which rates are determined may not result in rates that produce full recovery of our investments, or a reasonable rate of return. Uncertainties also exist in assessing the value, risks, profitability, and liabilities associated with certain businesses or assets and there is a possibility that anticipated operating and financial synergies expected to result from an acquisition do not develop. The failure to successfully integrate future acquisitions that we may choose to undertake could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
Access to capital markets is critical to our operations and our capital structure. Increasing interest rates could have a material negative impact on our financial condition.
We have significant capital requirements that we expect to fund, in part, by accessing capital markets. As such, the state of financial markets and credit availability in the global, U.S. and regional economies impacts our financial condition. We could experience increased borrowing costs or limited access to capital on reasonable terms. We access long-term capital markets to finance capital expenditures, repay maturing long-term debt and obtain additional working capital from time-to-time. For example, we have $300 million of secured long-term debt and $100 million of short-term borrowings maturing in 2025. Our ability to access capital on reasonable terms is subject to numerous factors and market conditions, many of which are beyond our control. If we are unable to obtain capital on reasonable terms, it may limit or prohibit our ability to finance capital expenditures and repay maturing long-term debt. Our liquidity needs could exceed our short-term credit availability and lead to defaults on various financing arrangements. We would also likely be prohibited from paying dividends on our common stock. 
We are subject to financial risks associated with the transition to a lower carbon economy.
The risks related to our transition to a lower-carbon economy, creates financial risk. Transition risks represent those risks related to the social and economic changes needed to shift toward a lower carbon future. These risks are often interconnected, representing policy and regulatory changes, technology and market risks, and risks to our reputation and financial performance.
Potential regulation associated with climate change legislation could pose financial risks to us. Although the U.S. is no longer a party to the United Nations' "Paris Agreement" on climate change, other potential legislation and regulation discussed above, could result in enforceable GHG emission reduction requirements that could lead to increased compliance costs for us. For example, during the Biden Administration, the EPA indicated that it was "evaluating additional opportunities" to reduce GHG emissions from existing power plants. Although the Trump Administration has directed federal executive agencies to 
34
review all energy related regulations implicating reliability and affordability, it is not yet clear what the impact will be on existing regulations or future legislation or regulations affecting GHG. 
As we expand our energy generation asset mix, the ability to integrate renewable technologies into our operations and maintain reliability and affordability is a risk. The intermittency of renewables remains a critical challenge particularly as cost-efficient energy storage is still in development. Other technology risks include the need for significant upfront financial investments, lengthy development timelines, and the uncertainty of integration and scalability across our entire service territory.
To the extent that any climate change adversely affects the national or regional economic health through physical impacts or increased rates caused by the inclusion of additional regulatory costs, CO
2
 taxes or imposed costs, we may be adversely impacted. There are also increasing risks for energy companies from shareholders currently invested in fossil-fuel energy companies concerned about the potential effects of climate change who may elect in the future to shift some or all of their investments into entities that emit lower levels of GHG emissions or into non-energy related sectors. Institutional investors and lenders who provide financing to fossil-fuel energy companies also have become more attentive to sustainable investing and lending practices and some of them may elect not to provide funding for fossil fuel energy companies. To the extent financial markets view climate change and GHG emissions as a financial risk, this could negatively affect our ability to access capital markets or cause us to receive less than ideal terms and conditions.
We may be subject to financial risks from private party litigation relating to GHG emissions. Defense costs associated with such litigation can be significant and an adverse outcome could require substantial capital expenditures and could possibly require payment of substantial penalties or damages. Such payments or expenditures could affect results of operations, financial condition or cash flows if such costs are not recovered through regulated rates.
We must meet certain credit quality standards. If we are unable to maintain investment grade credit ratings, our liquidity, access to capital and operations could be materially adversely affected.
A downgrade of our credit ratings to less than investment grade could adversely affect our liquidity. We continue to maintain our investment grade credit ratings. Certain of our credit agreements and other credit arrangements with counterparties require us to provide collateral in the form of letters of credit or cash to support our obligations if we fall below investment grade. Also, a downgrade below investment grade could hinder our ability to raise capital on favorable terms and would increase our borrowing costs. Higher interest rates on borrowings with variable interest rates could also have an adverse effect on our results of operations.
Our obligation to include a minimum annual quantity of power in our Montana electric supply portfolio at an agreed upon price per MWH could expose us to material commodity price risk if certain QFs under contract with us do not perform during a time of high commodity prices, as we are required to make up the difference.
As part of a stipulation in 2002 with the MPSC and other parties, we agreed to include a minimum annual quantity of power in our Montana electric supply portfolio at an agreed upon price per MWH through June 2029. This obligation is reflected in the electric QF liability, which reflects the unrecoverable costs associated with these specific QF contracts per the stipulation. The annual minimum energy requirement is achievable under normal operations of these facilities, including normal periods of planned and forced outages. However, to the extent the supplied power for any year does not reach the minimum quantity set forth in the settlement, we are obligated to purchase the difference from other sources. The anticipated source for any shortfall is the wholesale market, which would subject us to commodity price risk if the cost of replacement power is higher than contracted rates. To the extent the cost of replacement power is higher than contracted rates, our results of operations, cash flows and financial position could be adversely affected.
Changes in tax law may significantly impact our business.
We are subject to taxation by the various taxing authorities at the federal, state and local levels where we operate. Similar to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, sweeping legislation or regulation could be enacted by any of these governmental authorities which may affect our tax burden. Changes may include numerous provisions that affect businesses, including changes to corporate tax rates, business-related exclusions, and deductions and credits. The outcome of regulatory proceedings regarding the extent to which a change in corporate tax rate will affect our utility customers and the time period over which that change will occur could significantly impact future earnings and cash flows. Separately, a challenge by a taxing authority, changes in taxing authorities’ administrative interpretations, decisions, policies and positions, our ability to utilize tax benefits such as carryforwards or tax credits, or a deviation from other tax-related assumptions may cause actual financial results to deviate from previous estimates and therefore may impact our results of operations, cash flows and financial position.
35
We are subject to counterparty credit risk.
We enter into transactions to buy and sell power, natural gas, and transmission service. We could recognize financial losses as a result of volatility in the market value of these contracts or if a counterparty fails to perform. Certain of these contracts may result in the receipt of, or posting of, collateral with counterparties. Fluctuations in commodity prices that lead to the posting of collateral with counterparties negatively impact liquidity, and downgrades in our credit ratings may lead to additional collateral posting requirements. 
We are a participant in the energy markets, including the EIM, and engage in direct and indirect power purchase and sale transactions in connection with that participation. The EIM has collateral posting requirements based on established credit criteria, but there is no assurance the collateral will be sufficient to cover obligations that counterparties may owe each other in the EIM and any such credit losses could be socialized to all EIM participants, including us. A significant failure of a participant in the EIM to make payments when due on its obligations could have a ripple effect on various of our counterparties in the power and gas markets if those counterparties experience ancillary liquidity issues, and could generally result in a decline in the ability of our counterparties to perform on their obligations. 
We also extend credit to our customers in the ordinary course of business in each of our operating segments. Our customers' ability to pay depends on a variety of factors including macroeconomic conditions, local economic conditions, including unemployment rates, and industry conditions in which our commercial and industrial customers operate. Increased customer delinquencies and bad debts could adversely impact our operating results and liquidity.
Poor investment performance of plan assets of our defined benefit pension and postretirement benefit plans, in addition to other factors impacting these costs, could unfavorably impact our results of operations and liquidity.
Our costs for providing defined benefit retirement and postretirement benefit plans are dependent upon a number of factors. Assumptions related to future costs, return on investments and interest rates have a significant impact on our funding requirements related to these plans. These estimates and assumptions may change based on economic conditions, actual stock market performance and changes in governmental regulations. Without sustained growth in the plan assets over time and depending upon interest rate changes as well as other factors noted above, the costs of such plans reflected in our results of operations and financial position and cash funding obligations may change significantly from projections.
We have a holding company structure and rely on cash from our subsidiaries to pay dividends.
As a holding company, our primary assets are our investments in our subsidiaries, NW Corp and NWE Public Service. Substantially all operations are conducted by NW Corp (and its subsidiaries) and NWE Public Service. We depend on earnings, cash flows and dividends from our subsidiaries to pay dividends on our common stock. Regulatory, contractual and legal limitations, as well as subsidiary capital requirements, affect the ability of a subsidiary to pay dividends up to the parent entity and thereby could restrict or influence our ability or decision to pay dividends on our common stock, which could adversely affect our stock price.
36
ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS
None
ITEM 1C. CYBERSECURITY
Cybersecurity Risk
As a fully integrated electric and gas utility, we operate and participate in regional markets and are interconnected with other entities. The operation of these systems depends on information technology systems we own and operate as well as third party systems and service providers. Strategic business partners are also leveraged to support our mission. As an operator of critical infrastructure, nefarious actors may find us a valuable target if they wish to disrupt our operations and negatively impact our customers. The systems and partnerships described above are all potential targets for a cyber-incident. Any significant interruption or failure of our information systems due to cyber-attacks or incidents could hinder our ability to fulfill our critical business functions. This could adversely affect our business, our financial condition, operating results or liquidity. Through the year ending on December 31, 2024, there have been no cybersecurity incidents that have had a material impact, or any impact, on our business strategy, operations, or financial condition. 
Risk Management and Strategy
We utilize a comprehensive, defense in depth approach to cybersecurity risk, which helps us to continually assess, identify and manage enterprise-wide material cybersecurity risks. Our cybersecurity risk management is integrated into our overall Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) process and is reviewed at least quarterly. Our cybersecurity strategy focuses on maintaining the confidentiality, integrity and availability of data. We leverage frameworks established by the National Institute of Standards and Technology and the Center for Information Security for our information and cybersecurity governance program. We have a comprehensive cybersecurity threat detection and monitoring program for our technology and network infrastructure, which leverages various systems, processes, and operational measures to monitor, detect, and respond to cyber incidents. Our cybersecurity processes, including our threat detection, monitoring, and response protocols are subject to ongoing vulnerability testing, and comparison to industry practices. 
An Incident Response and Disaster Recovery Plan is maintained and exercised. The plan includes a process to identify, protect, detect, respond to and recover from cybersecurity threats and incidents. Resiliency and recoverability are paramount in the plan. This includes a clearly defined escalation process within the plan to ensure management and the Board of Directors are notified if an incident or series of events warrant escalation.

Our strategy includes employee training and awareness on cybersecurity risks and related best practices, simulated phishing campaigns, required password complexity, the use of multi-factor authentication, information security protocols, modern end point protection against threats, patching strategy, the execution of tabletop exercises on a periodic basis, established policies and protocols for cyber incident response planning and reporting, and ongoing internal cybersecurity testing.
As part of engaging a new third party provider, we assess their security standards, require security terms and conditions and work with risk management to ensure insurance coverage is adequate for the exposure risk. Service providers and vendors must adhere to security requirements such as security incident or data breach notification and response protocols, appropriate data encryption requirements, and data disposal. Our cyber incident monitoring process includes dialog with any third party or business partner potentially impacted by a disclosed incident. In addition, we leverage third party consultants to perform penetration (PEN) studies. These independent third party assessments provide valuable insight to enhance our cybersecurity posture.

Board Governance
Our Board of Directors reviews the cybersecurity program through risk review and cybersecurity reporting on at least a quarterly basis. 
The Audit Committee oversees our ERM program, including cybersecurity protocols. The Safety, Environmental, Technology and Operations (SETO) Committee provides oversight and review of technology policy and strategy as it relates to cybersecurity issues impacting company operations. Both the Audit Committee and the SETO Committee include Directors with diverse experience in technology, finance, enterprise risk, and security providing effective assessment and oversight of cybersecurity risk.
 Of note, one member of the Board has bolstered their understanding of technology and security issues by obtaining a certificate in cybersecurity oversight.
Roles and Responsibilities of Management
Our cyber security team, which reports to the Vice President - Technology, has primary responsibility for cybersecurity strategy and assessing cyber risk.

The Vice President - Technology is responsible for informing the Chief Executive Officer and other Officers, as necessary, about cybersecurity incidents, covering prevention, detection, mitigation, and remediation efforts as they are detected by the cyber security team.

Collectively, our cyber security team holds numerous industry certifications related to cybersecurity and have experience in desktop support, networking, application administration and programming.
37