ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
For a description of our pending legal proceedings, please see Note

28. Commitments and Contingencies, to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. While the lawsuits are being vigorously defended, the outcome of any litigation is inherently uncertain, and there is always the possibility that a court rules in a manner that is adverse to the interests of the Company and the individual defendants. However, the amount of any such loss in that scenario cannot be reasonably estimated at this time. Regardless of the outcome, litigation has the potential to have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources and other factors. 
ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
Not applicable.
55
Table of Contents
PART II
ITEM 5. MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
Market Information
Microvast Holdings, Inc.’s common stock is listed on NASDAQ under the symbol “MVST” and began trading on July 26, 2021. Microvast Holdings, Inc.’s publicly-traded warrants are listed on NASDAQ under the symbol “MVSTW.”
Prior to the consummation of the Business Combination, Tuscan’s common stock and public warrants were listed on the NASDAQ under the symbols “THCB” and “THCBW,” respectively.
Holders of Common Stock 
As of March 24, 2025, there were approximately 93 registered holders of our common stock according to the records maintained by our transfer agent.
Dividend Policy
We currently intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings to fund the development and growth of our business. As a result, we do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Any decision to declare and pay dividends in the future will be made at the discretion of the Board and will depend on, among other things, the business prospects, results of operations, financial condition, cash requirements and availability, legal requirements, certain restrictions related to indebtedness, industry trends and other factors that the Board may deem relevant. Any such decision will also be subject to compliance with contractual restrictions and covenants in the agreements governing current and future indebtedness.
Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans
Our equity compensation plans that provide for the annual awarding of stock-based compensation have been approved by our stockholders. For additional detail, see Note

21. Share-Based Payment, to our audited consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report.
The following table sets forth, as of December 31, 2024, certain information related to our compensation plans under which shares of our common stock may be issued.
Plan category
Number of 
securities 
to be 
issued
upon 
exercise of 
outstanding 
options, 
warrants 
and rights
Weighted-average 
exercise price 
of outstanding 
options, 
warrants and 
rights
Number of 
securities 
remaining 
available for 
future 
issuance 
under equity 
compensation 
plans
Equity compensation plans approved by security holders
61,348,476
(1)
$
5.80 
15,608,278 
(2)
Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders
—
$
— 
—
Total
61,348,476

15,608,278
(1)
Includes (i) 56,675,326 stock options and restricted stock units (“RSUs”) granted under the Microvast, Inc. Stock Incentive Plan (the “Stock Incentive Plan”) that were converted in the Business Combination into options to purchase 33,647,927 shares of our common stock and RSUs with respect to 23,027,399 shares of our common stock. No further awards may be granted under the Stock Incentive Plan.
56
Table of Contents
(2)
Represents shares available for future issuance under the 2021 Plan.
Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities
Information regarding all equity securities of the registrant sold by us during the period covered by this Annual Report that was not registered under the Securities Act was included in a Current Report on Form 8-K, and therefore is not required to be furnished herein.
Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
None.
ITEM 6. [RESERVED]
ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
The following discussion and analysis provides information that our management believes is relevant to an assessment and understanding of our consolidated results of operations and financial condition. The discussion should be read together with the historical consolidated financial statements and related notes that are included elsewhere in this Annual Report. Discussion of the earliest of the three years covered by the Consolidated Financial Statements presented in this report has been omitted as that disclosure is included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 in