Item 3.
Legal Proceedings
28
Item 4.
Mine Safety Disclosures
28
PART II
Item 5.
Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
29
Item 6.
[RESERVED]
31
Item 7.
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
32
Item 7A.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
48
Item 8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
51
Item 9.
Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
96
Item 9A.
Controls and Procedures
96
Item 9B.
Other Information
97
Item 9C.
Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections
97
PART III
Item 10.
Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
98
Item 11.
Executive Compensation
99
Item 12.
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
100
Item 13.
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
100
Item 14.
Principal Accountant Fees and Services
100
PART IV
Item 15.
Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules
101
Item 16.
Form 10-K Summary
104
Signatures
105
PART I
SPECIAL NOTE ON FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
Statements and information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K that are not historical are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and are made pursuant to the “safe harbor” provisions of such Act.
Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our outlook, guidance, expectations, beliefs, hopes, intentions and strategies. Words such as "may," "will," "plan," "should," "expect," "anticipate," "believe," "if," "estimate," "intend," "project" and similar words or expressions are used to identify these forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different. All forward-looking statements are based on information available to us at the time the statements are made. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. 
You should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Actual events or results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. The risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors that could cause actual results to differ from the results predicted or implied by our forward-looking statements include those identified in the sections entitled "Risk Factors" in Part 1A and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Copies of our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 are available free of charge through our website at www.lkqcorp.com ("Website") as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file the material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission.
We routinely post important information on our Website in the “Investor Relations” section. We also may use our Website as a means of disclosing material, non-public information and for complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. Accordingly, investors should monitor the Investor Relations section of our Website, in addition to following our press releases, SEC filings, public conference calls, presentations and webcasts. The information contained on, or that may be accessed through, our Website is not incorporated by reference into, and is not a part of, this document.