ITEM 1. BUSINESS
OVERVIEW
LKQ Corporation ("LKQ," the "Company" or "we"), a member of the Standard & Poor's 500 Stock In
dex ("S&P 500 Index")
, is a global distributor of vehicle products, including replacement parts, components and systems used in the repair and maintenance of vehicles, and specialty aftermarket products and accessories to improve the performance, functionality and appearance of vehicles.
Buyers of vehicle replacement products have the option to purchase from primarily five sources: new products produced by original equipment manufacturers ("OEMs"); new products produced by companies other than the OEMs, which are referred to as aftermarket products; recycled products obtained from salvage and total loss vehicles; recycled products that have been refurbished; and recycled products that have been remanufactured. We distribute a variety of products to collision and mechanical repair shops, including aftermarket collision and mechanical products; recycled collision and mechanical products; refurbished collision products such as wheels, bumper covers and lights; and remanufactured engines and transmissions. Collectively, we refer to the four sources that are not new OEM products as alternative parts. 
Our Wholesale - North America segment is a leading provider of alternative vehicle collision replacement products, paint and related body repair products, and alternative vehicle mechanical replacement products, with our sales, processing, and distribution facilities reaching most major markets in the United States and Canada. Our Europe segment is a leading provider of alternative vehicle replacement and maintenance products in Germany, the United Kingdom ("U.K."), the Benelux region (Belgium, Netherlands, and Luxembourg), Italy, Czech Republic, Austria, Slovakia, France and various other European countries. Our Specialty segment is a leading distributor of specialty vehicle aftermarket equipment and accessories reaching most major markets in the U.S. and Canada. Our Self Service segment operates self service retail facilities across the U.S. that sell recycled automotive products from end-of-life-vehicles.
3
In 2023, we acquired Uni-Select Inc. ("Uni-Select"), a leading distributor of automotive refinish and industrial coatings and related products in North America through its FinishMaster business and a leading distributor of automotive maintenance parts and accessories serving the Canadian market through its Canadian Automotive Group business. This acquisition complemented our existing North American paint distribution operations and provided a scaled position in the Canadian replacement and maintenance parts market, with opportunity for future consolidation and growth.
We are organized into four operating segments: Wholesale - North America; Europe; Specialty; and Self Service, each of which is presented as a reportable segment. See Note 25, "Segment and Geographic Information" to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for financial information by reportable segment and by geographic region.
STRATEGY
Our mission is to be the leading global value-added and sustainable distributor of vehicle parts and accessories by offering our customers the most comprehensive, available and cost-effective selection of parts and service solutions while building strong partnerships with our employees and the communities in which we operate. To achieve this mission, our strategy focuses on executing three key initiatives:
Capitalizing on profitable growth opportunities
We are dedicated to building competitive advantages and maintaining our leadership positions in the markets in which we operate. We focus on driving profitable growth and increasing free cash flow while maintaining a strong balance sheet. We foster an entrepreneurial and employee-centric culture that enables agility and innovation, empowering our businesses to succeed in the markets they serve. To continuously enhance the quality of our portfolio, our growth strategy is driven by organic investments in automation, productivity improvements, talent development, and strategic acquisitions. 
Expanding our lean operating model
We are committed to generating sustainable returns on invested capital by driving operational excellence and lean management across our businesses. We continuously evaluate and pursue opportunities to improve efficiency, margins and returns on invested capital. Through targeted productivity initiatives and a disciplined approach to cost management, we drive performance across key metrics, such as free cash flow generation, organic growth and profit margins. Our current initiatives include optimizing working capital through expansion of our vendor financing program, enhancing margins through our inventory optimization efforts and reducing selling, general and administrative costs through streamlining our footprint and reducing complexity across our business.  
Disciplined capital allocation and portfolio simplification
We are focused on maximizing return on investment though efficient allocation of capital. We seek to deploy capital for acquisitions in attractive growth areas. We apply strict criteria, targeting accretive tuck-in acquisition opportunities with high synergies that align with the core businesses in our strategic framework. We proactively divest businesses that no longer align with our strategic vision, financial objectives or have limited long-term value potential, as demonstrated by our divestment of certain of our operations in Poland in 2024. Finally, we maintain a prudent and disciplined financial policy that prioritizes returning cash to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases, while maintaining our investment grade credit rating.
WHOLESALE - NORTH AMERICA SEGMENT
Our Wholesale - North America segment, which consists of aftermarket and salvage operations, sells five product types (aftermarket, OEM recycled, OEM remanufactured, OEM refurbished and, to a lesser extent, new OEM parts) to professional collision and mechanical vehicle repair businesses, which represents the source of the majority of the revenue generated by the segment. 
As the profile and complexity of vehicles being repaired evolves, we have expanded and continue to expand our offerings to customers. In recent years, we have begun to offer on-site mobile and remote diagnostics services through our 
brand known as Elitek Vehicle Services. Additiona
lly, we began offering proprietary hybrid battery reconditioning and installation services which create a more reliable hybrid battery while also extending the battery's useful life. We expect these areas, as well as our overall product and service offerings, to grow in the coming years as the number of technological comp
onents in vehicles increases. 
4
In August 2023, we acquired Uni-Select, including Canadian Automotive Group, a leading distributor of automotive parts and accessories serving the Canadian market, which provided entry to the Canadian mechanical parts space; and FinishMaster, a leading distributor of paint and related products and supplies, which expanded our existing North American paint business, collectively now branded as LKQ Refinish.
Inventory
Our aftermarket products encompass items commonly prone to damage in a collision, including bumper covers, automotive body panels, and lights, as well as paint and paint related consumables for refinishing vehicles. Additionally, through the acquisition of Canadian Automotive Group, we have broadened our product offerings to include a range of mechanical automotive parts and accessories. Platinum Plus is our exclusive product line offered under the Keystone brand of aftermarket products. We also offer a product line called "Value Line" for more value conscious, often self-pay, consumers. We receive certifications on certain of our products from Certified Automotive Parts Association, an independent organization that evaluates the quality of our parts compared to OEM collision replacement products. Our salvage products include both mechanical and collision parts, including engines; transmissions; door assemblies; sheet metal products such as trunk lids, fenders and hoods; lights; and bumper assemblies. 
The aftermarket products we distribute are purchased from independent manufacturers and distributors located primarily in North America and Asia, principally Taiwan. In 2024, approximately 49% of our aftermarket purchases were made from our top six vendors, with our largest vendor providing approximately 19% of our annual inventory purchases for the Wholesale - North America segment. This is primarily related to our acquisition of FinishMaster, where we obtained a strategic relationship with a supplier for paint and related products. This partnership will continue to play a key role in the expansion of our offerings for paint and related products. We believe we are one of the largest customers of each of these suppliers. Outside of this group, no other supplier provided more than 4% of our supply of aftermarket products in 2024. We purchased approximately 56% of our aftermarket products in 2024 from vendors located in the U.S.; however, we believe the majority of these products were manufactured in Taiwan, Mexico or other foreign countries, with the remaining aftermarket products being purchased directly from manufacturers in Taiwan and other Asian countries.
Within our wholesale operations, we focus our procurement on products that are in the most demand, based on a number of factors such as historical sales records of vehicles by model and year, customer requests, and projections of future supply and demand trends. Because lead times may be 40 days or more on imported aftermarket products, sales volumes and in-stock inventory are important factors in the procurement process.
We procure recycled products for our wholesale operations by dismantling total loss vehicles, typically acquired at regional salvage auctions, and inventorying the parts. The availability and pricing of the salvage vehicles we procure for our wholesale recycled products operations may be impacted by a variety of factors, including the production level of new vehicles and the percentage of damaged vehicles declared total losses. Our bidding specialists are equipped with a proprietary software application that allows them to compare the vehicles at salvage auctions against our current inventory levels, historical demand, and recent average selling prices to arrive at an estimated maximum bid.
Scrap and Other Materials
Our salvage operations generate scrap metal and other materials that we sell to metals recyclers. Vehicles that have been dismantled for recycled products and "crush only" end-of-life vehicles acquired from other companies are typically crushed using equipment on site. In other cases, we will hire mobile crushing equipment to crush the vehicles before they are transported to shredders and scrap metal processors. Damaged and unusable wheel cores are melted in our aluminum furnace and sold to consumers of aluminum ingots and sows for the production of various automotive products, including wheels. We also sell the precious metals contained in certain of our recycled parts such as catalytic converters.
Customers
We sell our products to wholesale customers that include collision and mechanical repair shops and new and used car dealerships, as well as to retail customers. The majority of these customers tend to be individually-owned small businesses, although the number of independent and dealer-operated repair facilities has declined over the last decade as a result of consolidation. While the majority of our distribution is done through a two-step model, our Canadian Automotive Group business utilizes a mix of both a two-step (i.e., direct sales to repair shop customers) and three-step model (i.e., sales to distributors who in turn sell to repair shop customers). 
5
Automobile insurance companies affect the demand for our collision products; while insurance companies do not pay for our products directly, they ultimately pay for the repair costs of insured vehicles in excess of any deductible amount. As a result, insurance companies often influence the types of products used in a repair. The use of our alternative parts instead of new OEM products provides a direct benefit to insurance companies by lowering the cost of repairs, by decreasing the repair time and thus the time the vehicle's owner is without a vehicle, and by providing a replacement product that is of similar quality and comparable performance to the part being replaced.
Since we have comparable options from both our aftermarket and recycled parts stock, our sales staff can access both sales systems and fill requests by cross selling if the desired part is not in stock.
To better serve our customers, we take a consolidated approach to the electronic sale of wholesale products in our Wholesale - North America segment. A full suite of e-commerce services is available to approved partners that helps us improve order accuracy, reduce return rates and better fit our customer workflow. Using these services in coordination with our partners, products can be searched, priced and ordered without leaving the customers' own operating systems.
Distribution
We believe our Wholesale - North America segment has the largest distribution network of alternative vehicle parts and accessories for the vehicle collision and mechanical repair market in North America. We have a distribution network of warehouses and cross dock facilities, which allows us to develop and maintain our service levels with local repair shops while providing industry leading fulfillment rates that are made possible by our nationwide presence. Our delivery fleet utilizes a third party software provider to optimize delivery routes and to track the progress of delivery vehicles throughout their runs. This third party software connects into each of our wholesale systems to allow a single interface for our management team to facilitate a single delivery to our customer, regardless of the product line or operating system. Our local presence allows us to provide a responsive and predictable experience, delivering daily if required and using consistent drivers each delivery. Our sales force and local delivery drivers develop and maintain critical personal relationships with the local repair shops, which benefit from access to our wide selection of products that we are able to offer as a result of our regional inventory network. We operate a delivery fleet of trucks and vans, which deliver multiple product types on the same delivery routes to minimize distribution costs, improve customer service and reduce environmental impacts.
Competition
We consider all suppliers of vehicle collision and mechanical products to be competitors, including aftermarket suppliers, recycling businesses, refurbishing operations, parts remanufacturers, OEMs and internet-based suppliers. We compete with alternative parts distributors on the basis of our nationwide distribution system, our product lines and inventory availability, customer service, our relationships with insurance companies, and to a lesser extent, price; we compete with OEMs primarily on the basis of price and, to a lesser extent, on service and product quality. In the U.S., we do not consider retail chains that focus on the do-it-yourself market to be our direct competitors because many of our wholesale product sales are influenced by insurance companies, who ultimately pay for the repair costs of insured vehicles in excess of any deductible amount, rather than the end user, and there is limited overlap in the products that we sell.
Information Technology Systems
In our aftermarket operations, we use a third party enterprise management system along with other third party software packages to enhance our online business-to-business platforms - OrderKeystone.com and Keyless. The FinishMaster business (now included within LKQ Refinish) was fully integrated onto our aftermarket systems in 2024, while Canadian Automotive Group remains on its existing, separate, enterprise management system.
Our wholesale recycled product locations in North America operate an internally-developed, proprietary enterprise management system called LKQX. We believe that the use of a single system across a majority of our wholesale recycled product operations helps facilitate the sales process; allows for continued implementation of standard operating procedures; and improves training efficiency, employee transferability, access to our national inventory database, management reporting and data storage. The system also supports an electronic exchange process for identifying and locating parts at other select recyclers and facilitates brokered sales to fill customer orders for items not in stock. 
We also use other third party software packages, such as a data warehouse and integrated budgeting system, to leverage centralized data and information to conduct enhanced analytics and reporting.
6
EUROPE SEGMENT
Our Europe segment operates in approximately 20 countries and was built up through a series of acquisitions. Our businesses consist primarily of aftermarket operations, but we have begun expanding into wholesale recycling operations through the acquisition of businesses with salvage and vehicle repair facilities in Sweden and Norway in 2014, remanufacturing in Tunisia in 2018, and remanufacturing and salvage in the Netherlands and Poland in 2023. We divested certain operations in Slovenia, Poland and Bosnia in 2024 as these operations did not align with our strategic objectives.
Inventory
Our inventory is primarily composed of mechanical aftermarket parts for the repair of vehicles 3 to 15 years old. Our top selling products include brake pads, discs and sensors, clutches, electrical products such as spark plugs and batteries, steering and suspension products, filters, and oil and automotive fluids. Our inventory is comprised of 
over 
900,000
 SKU's
, of which, parts related to common passenger vehicles represents the largest group. We are committed to simplifying our business by optimizing our product offerings. Our current efforts are focused on evaluating the product mix and market demand for common passenger vehicles parts to identify opportunities for streamlining - including reducing the number of SKU's offered, consolidating suppliers and increasing private label penetration. This evaluation is over halfway complete, with a target of reaching 80% by the end of 2025. Implementation actions are planned for 2025 through 2027.
In 2024, our top supplier represented 9% of our aftermarket inventory purchases for our Europe segment. No other suppliers comprised more than 4% of our purchases. Further, we purchased 91% of our products from companies in Europe, and 73%

and 18% of our total inventory purchases were made in euros and pounds sterling, respectively, in 2024. We are expanding the distribution of our private label products, which include Optimal, ERA and MPM Oils.
In our salvage operations, we purchase severely damaged or total loss vehicles from insurance companies and auctions, which are transferred to our dismantling facilities or sold to other third party dismantlers.
Customers
We primarily operate a two-step (i.e., direct sales to repair shop customers) distribution model in Europe, although certain businesses located in Italy, the Netherlands, Germany, Switzerland, and Hungary operate partially a three-step (i.e., sales to distributors who in turn sell to repair shop customers) distribution model. In our two-step operations, we sell the majority of our products to commercial customers primarily consisting of professional repairers, including both independent mechanical repair shops and collision repair shops. In our three-step operations, we sell products to wholesale distributors or jobbers. In addition to our sales to repair shops and wholesale distributors, we generate a portion of our revenue through sales to retail customers from e-commerce platforms and from point of sale transactions at branch locations.
Distribution
We currently have operations in approximately 20 different European countries, which we believe represents the broadest and largest footprint in the aftermarket industry in Europe with a distribution network larger than those of any of our principal competitors. Our European operations employ a distribution model in which inventory is stored at national or international distribution centers or regional hubs, with fast moving product stored at branch locations. The large distribution centers regularly restock the smaller branches and hubs and hold slower moving items, helping us to improve fulfillment rates. Product is moved through the distribution network on our trucks, vans or via common carriers. We have major international central distribution centers in Tamworth, England, Sulzbach-Rosenberg, Germany, and Berkel en Rodenrijs, the Netherlands, that have allowed us to consolidate multiple regional distribution centers while maintaining local distribution centers as necessary to support our businesses. 
Competition
We view all suppliers of replacement repair products as our competitors, including other alternative parts suppliers and OEMs and their dealer networks. We face significant competition in many markets where even smaller competitors can compete on price and service, and the OEMs compete via ties to brand loyalty of the consumer while also remaining competitive on price, service and availability. We believe we have been able to distinguish ourselves from other alternative parts suppliers primarily through our distribution network, efficient inventory management systems and proprietary technology, which allows us to deliver our products quickly, reliably, and at competitive prices.
7
Information Technology Systems
Our aftermarket operations in Europe use various information technology ("IT") systems. Our systems are complex and designed to perform a variety of tasks (depending on the market), including but not limited to customer orders, inventory management, budgeting, analytics, warehouse and logistics, data warehousing, and financial reporting. Certain of our IT systems can interface with the respective IT systems of our repair shop customers, which enables our customers to identify and order the part required for the repair. As part of our efforts to integrate the operations, we are executing a multi-year plan to develop and implement a European wide ERP system, which has reduced and will continue to reduce the number of IT systems we operate through its projected completion date in 2027.
SPECIALTY SEGMENT
Our Specialty segment was formed in 2014 with our acquisition of Keystone Specialty, a leading distributor and marketer of specialty vehicle aftermarket products and accessories in North America. We subsequently expanded through acquisitions within the core business and adjacent markets, including high performance vehicle equipment and electrical marine products. Our Specialty operations reach most major markets in the U.S. and Canada and serve the following seven product segments: RV; truck and off-road; towing; speed and performance; wheels, tires and performance handling; marine; and miscellaneous accessories. 
Inventory
The specialty vehicle aftermarket equipment and accessories we distribute and raw materials for products we manufacture are purchased from suppliers located primarily in the U.S., Canada, and China. Our top selling products are recreational vehicles ("RV") appliances and air conditioners, towing hitches, truck bed covers, vehicle protection products, marine electronics, cargo management products, and wheels, tires, and suspension products. Our 2017 acquisition of Warn Industries, Inc. ("Warn") gave us internal capabilities to manufacture and source aftermarket winches, hoists, and bumpers. Specialty aftermarket suppliers are typically small to medium-sized, independent businesses that focus on a narrow product or market niche. Due to the highly fragmented supplier base for specialty vehicle aftermarket products, we have limited supplier concentration. In 2024, approximately 21% of our specialty vehicle aftermarket purchases were made from our top three suppliers to this segment, with our largest supplier providing approximately 12% of our annual inventory purchases. No other suppliers comprised more than 4% of our purchases during 2024. 
Customers
Overall, the specialty vehicle aftermarket parts and accessories market serves a fragmented customer base composed of RV, marine, and specialty automotive dealers, installers, jobbers, builders, parts chains, and mail-order businesses. Our customers are principally small, independent businesses. These customers depend on us to provide a broad range of products, rapid delivery, marketing support and technical assistance. In addition to traditional customers, we sell to several large parts and accessory online retailers. Our Specialty segment also operates retail stores in northeast Pennsylvania.
We promote our products to customers through marketing programs, which include: (i) catalogs, advertising, sponsorships and promotional activities, (ii) product level marketing and merchandising support, and (iii) online and digital marketing initiatives. We stage in-person and/or virtual trade shows across the U.S., which provide an opportunity to improve sales through the showcasing of new and innovative products from our vendors to our customers.
Online sales, which represent the majority of our sales, of our Specialty products take place primarily through our ekeystone.com, viantp.com, and SeaWideB2B.com sites and our mobile app. These sites provide customers (i) the ability to match products with the make and model of vehicle thus allowing the customer to order the correct part, (ii) product information (e.g., pictures, attributes) available for review and (iii) the convenience of searching inventory availability and ordering the product on the site. Additionally, these sites can provide sales opportunities by suggesting other parts to purchase based on an inquiry submitted by the customer.
Distribution
Our Specialty segment operations employ a hub-and-spoke distribution model that enables us to transport products from our primary distribution centers to our non-inventory stocking cross docks, some of which are co-located with our Wholesale - North America operations and provide distribution points to key regional markets and synergies with our existing infrastructure. We believe this provides added value to our customers through a broader product offering and more efficient distribution process. We use our delivery routes to provide delivery and returns of our products directly to and from our customers in all 48 
8
continental U.S. states and 9 Canadian provinces, and we ship globally to customers in other countries. Our delivery fleet utilizes a third party software provider to optimize delivery routes, and to track the progress of delivery vehicles.
Competition
Industry participants have a variety of supply choices. Vendors can deliver products to market via warehouse distributors and mail order catalog businesses, or directly to retailers and/or consumers. We view all distributors of specialty vehicle aftermarket equipment and accessories as our competitors. We believe we have been able to distinguish ourselves from other specialty vehicle aftermarket parts and equipment distributors primarily through our broad product selection, which encompasses both popular and hard-to-find products, our national distribution network, and our efficient inventory management systems, as well as through our service. We compete on the basis of product breadth and depth, rapid and dependable delivery, marketing initiatives, support services, and price.
Information Technology Systems
Most of our Specialty operations utilize an internally developed inventory management and order entry system that interfaces with third party software systems for accounting, transaction processing, inventory and warehouse management, data analytics, and reporting. By utilizing an internally developed system, real-time updates, improvements, and developments can be programmed to fit the business’s ongoing and changing needs.
SELF SERVICE SEGMENT
Our Self Service segment consists of retail operations, most of which operate under the name “LKQ Pick Your Part,” and allows consumers to come directly to the yard to pick parts off of salvage vehicles. We also sell scrap metal and other materials to recyclers from cars that are no longer available for customers in the yard. In addition to revenue from the sale of parts, cores, scrap steel and other metals, we charge a nominal admission fee to access the property.
Inventory
We acquire salvage vehicles for our self service retail product operations from a variety of sources, including but not limited to towing companies, vehicle auctions, the general public, municipality sales, insurance carriers, and charitable organizations. The salvage vehicles we procure are generally older and priced lower than the salvage vehicles we purchase for our wholesale recycled product operations. Vehicles are delivered to our locations by the seller, or we arrange for transportation. Once on our property, minimal labor is required to process the vehicle other than removing the battery, fluids, refrigerants, catalytic converters and hazardous materials. The extracted fluids are stored in bulk and subsequently sold to recyclers. Vehicles are then placed in the yard for customers to remove parts. In our self service business, availability of a specific part will depend on which vehicles are currently at the site and to what extent parts may have been previously sold. We usually keep a vehicle at our facility for 30 to 120 days, depending on the capacity of the yard and the number of customers serviced, before it is crushed and sold to scrap metal processors.
Scrap and Other Materials
Our self service operations generate scrap metal, alloys and other materials that we sell to recyclers. Vehicles that we no longer make available to the public and "crush only" vehicles acquired from other companies, including OEMs, are typically crushed using equipment on site. Damaged and unusable wheel cores are melted in our aluminum furnace and sold to consumers of aluminum ingots and sows for the production of various automotive products. We also extract and sell the precious metals contained in certain of our recycled parts such as catalytic converters.
Customers
The customers of our self service yards are frequently do-it-yourself mechanics, small independent repair shops servicing older vehicles, auto rebuilders, and resellers. The scrap from vehicle hulks is sold to metals recyclers, with whom we may also compete when procuring salvage vehicles for our operations.
9
Competition
There are competitors operating self service businesses in all of the markets in which we operate. In some markets, there are numerous competitors, often operating in close proximity to our operations. We try to differentiate our business by the quality of the inventory, the size and cleanliness of the property, and digital marketing initiatives, including our mobile app. The mobile app allows customers to receive daily push notifications when vehicles they have identified an interest in are placed into their favorite yards and also allows them to input search parameters, including specific parts and the year, make, and model of their vehicle, to show which compatible parts are available in a specific yard. We do not consider retail chains that focus on the do-it-yourself market to be our direct competitors, as there is limited overlap in the products that we sell. 
Information Technology Systems
In our self service business, we operate two internally-developed, proprietary enterprise management systems. The point of sale system is used to record retail sales transactions and reporting. The Carbuy system is used for the purchasing and inventorying of vehicles. We also use a module within the Carbuy system to record all sales transactions of scrap and other materials. 
HUMAN CAPITAL
At LKQ, our team members are at the heart of everything we do. As of December 31, 2024, we employ approximately 47,000 people globally, of which approximately 19,000 were based in North America, 26,000 based in Europe and 2,000 based in Asia.  Of our employees in North America, approximately 1,000 were represented by unions. Outside of North America, we have government-mandated collective bargaining agreements and union contracts in certain countries, particularly in Europe where many of our employees are represented by unions and/or works councils. 
Health and Safety
We are dedicated to ensuring a safe and secure work environment for all team members, where unnecessary risks are minimized, and safety is a shared priority. Our proactive approach includes implementing a range of programs and practices aimed at preventing accidents and fostering a culture of safety throughout our organization. 
Employee Engagement and Empowerment
We strive to create an environment where creativity thrives, and team members are empowered to make decisions that are best for their teams and the business. One example of this practice is our global employee engagement survey, which provides an opportunity to listen to our organization, understand what we are doing well, and identify areas for improvement. As a result of feedback from this survey, we launched the Inspired to Thrive Global Initiative, which reinforces our commitment to fostering an inclusive culture where every team member feels valued, respected, and empowered to contribute their unique perspectives and talents.  This initiative is built on five pillars: (i) holistic well-being; (ii) financial empowerment; (iii) inclusive culture; (iv) professional growth; and (v) community engagement. Each of these pillars is supported by robust programs that enable our team members to lead fulfilling lives both in and outside of the workplace. And through this initiative, we prioritize the well-being, development, and engagement of our workforce, recognizing that a diverse and inclusive environment drives both innovation and success.
Commitment to Values and Ethics
Our Code of Ethics empowers our team members to make principled decisions in every aspect of their work. Covering essential topics such as the responsible use of company assets, bribery and corruption, conflicts of interest, discrimination, harassment, health and safety, privacy and data protection, and the safeguarding of confidential information, our Code of Ethics reflects our dedication to maintaining a high level of integrity. Additionally, our global Speak Up program provides a secure, anonymous channel for reporting complaints related to potential violations of our Code of Ethics, policies, laws, or safety practices.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
We own and have the right to use various intellectual property, including intellectual property acquired as a result of past acquisitions, such as intellectual property related to winches manufactured by Warn. In addition to trade names, trademarks and patents, we also have technology-based intellectual property that has been both internally developed and obtained through license agreements and acquisitions. We do not believe that our business is materially dependent on any single item of intellectual property, or any single group of related intellectual property, owned or licensed, nor would the expiration of any particular item or related group of intellectual property, or the termination of any particular intellectual property license 
10
agreement, materially affect our business. See the risk factor "
Intellectual property claims relating to aftermarket products could adversely affect our business.
" in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information regarding the risks related to intellectual property.
REGULATION
Our operations and properties are subject to laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment in the U.S. and the other countries in which we operate. We may be affected by tariffs and other import laws and restrictions because we import into the U.S. a significant number of products for sale and distribution. Our business processes and operations are subject to laws and regulations relating to privacy and data protection. Some jurisdictions have enacted laws to restrict or prohibit the sale of alternative vehicle parts. We have thousands of employees located in the U.S. and many other countries and are subject to labor and employment laws in numerous jurisdictions. See "Risk Factors" in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information regarding the effects of environmental laws and regulations on us, importation risks, privacy and data protection risks, regulatory restrictions on the sale of our products, and labor and employment risks.
SEASONALITY
Our operating results are subject to quarterly variations based on a variety of factors, including, but not limited to, seasonal weather patterns and events. For our Wholesale - North America segment, we tend to see higher demand for our collision related products during periods of cold inclement weather, which creates a higher likelihood of increased collision frequency and repairable claims. For our Europe segment, many of our aftermarket service-related products are impacted by weather patterns. For example, during periods of extreme cold, our Europe segment historically witnesses an increase in battery demand. Our Specialty segment sells parts for RV and marine products, and as a result, we tend to see higher demand for our products during periods of warmer weather due to an increased level of outdoor leisure activity.
SUSTAINABILITY MATTERS
Profitably Delivering Sustainable Solutions
LKQ's North American and European operations purchase used vehicles and remove certain components for reuse in the repair of vehicles which helps reduce the use of raw materials and contributes to a circular economy. Once the parts are removed from end-of-life vehicles, some of the remaining valuable materials are collected and repurposed for use in the manufacturing of new basic materials such as steel, aluminum, plastic, and rubber. Additionally, we extract fluids, some of which are recycled or utilized in our own operations, such as fuel to run our own on- and off-site fleet, and washer fluid.
Our recycling expertise and efforts are a key pillar of our mission statement of being a leading global value-added and sustainable distributor of vehicle parts and accessories. Our recycling efforts preserve natural resources, reduce the demand for scarce landfill space, and help decrease air and water pollution, the latter attributed to the avoidance of new manufacturing activities that would otherwise be required.
People-led Performance
Part of LKQ’s mission is to build strong partnerships with our employees and the communities in which we operate. Along those lines, we strive to create a culture of respect and inclusivity and encourage everyone to be their authentic selves. We are committed to maintaining a physically and psychologically safe and inclusive environment, free from bullying and harassment, in alignment with our core values. And in furtherance of our mission, in 2020 we established the LKQ Community Foundation, which is committed to supporting charitable organizations that help the communities where our employees live and LKQ operates.
Strong Governance and Ethical Practices
Our Board of Directors (the “Board") refreshment process has resulted in over half of our current Board being added since August 2018, and currently, 38% of our Board is comprised of persons from underrepresented groups. Additionally, eleven of our thirteen directors are independent.
We have adopted “proxy access,” which permits an eligible stockholder to nominate and include in our proxy materials director nominees (subject to the terms set forth in our Bylaws). We also have majority voting for the election of our directors, requiring a director who fails to receive a majority vote to tender his or her resignation to the Board. 
11
Our Board adopted a revised Code of Ethics in 2024, which covers a variety of topics, including the use of company assets, bribery and corruption, conflicts of interest, discrimination, harassment, health and safety, privacy and data protection, and the safeguarding of confidential information, and reporting Code of Ethics violations. It is available in 16 languages through our Website.
More information on our Sustainability initiatives can be found in our 2023 Sustainability Report on our Website. The Sustainability Report is not incorporated by reference and should not be considered part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.