Item 3.

Legal Proceedings

21

Item 4.

Mine Safety Disclosures

22

PART II

Item 5.

Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

22

Item 6.

Reserved

23

Item 7.

Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

24

Item 7A.

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

24

Item 8.

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

24

Item 9.

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure

24

Item 9A.

Controls and Procedures

24

Item 9B.

Other Information

25

Item 9C.

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections

25

PART III

Item 10.

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance

26

Item 11.

Executive Compensation

26

Item 12.

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters

26

Item 13.

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence

26

Item 14.

Principal Accountant Fees and Services

26

PART IV

Item 15.

Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules

27

Item 16.

Form 10-K Summary

30

Signatures

31

i

In this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this “annual report”), the terms “CorVel,” “Company,” “we,” “us,” and “our” refer to CorVel Corporation and its subsidiaries.
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
This annual report and information incorporated by reference herein contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), including, but not limited to, the statements about our plans, strategies and prospects in Part I, Item 1, “Business,” Part II, Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and elsewhere in this annual report. Words such as “expects,” “anticipates,” “intends,” “plans,” “predicts,” “believes,” “seeks,” “estimates,” “potential,” “continue,” “strive,” “ongoing,” “may,” “will,” “would,” “could,” and “should,” as well as variations of these words or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on management’s current expectations, estimates and projections about our industry, management’s beliefs, and certain assumptions made by management, and we can give no assurance that we will achieve our plans, intentions or expectations. Certain important factors could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements we make in this annual report. Representative examples of these factors include (without limitation):
•
General industry and economic conditions, including a decreasing number of national claims due to decreasing number of injured workers;
•
Competition from other managed care companies and third-party administrators;
•
The Company’s ability to renew or maintain contracts with its customers on favorable terms or at all;
•
The ability to expand certain areas of the Company’s business;
•
Growth in the Company’s sale of third-party administrator (“TPA”) services;
•
Shifts in customer demands;
•
Increases in operating expenses, including employee wages, benefits and medical inflation;
•
The ability of the Company to produce market-competitive software;
•
Cost of capital and capital requirements;
•
Our ability to attract and retain key personnel;
•
The impact of possible cybersecurity incidents on its business;
•
Possible litigation and legal liability in the course of operations, and the Company’s ability to resolve such litigation;
•
Changes in regulations affecting the workers’ compensation, insurance and healthcare industries in general;
•
Governmental and public policy changes, including, but not limited to, legislative and administrative law and rule implementation or change; and
•
The availability of financing in the amounts, at the times, and on the terms necessary to support the Company’s future business.
Part I, Item 1A of this annual report, “Risk Factors,” discusses these and other important risk factors that may affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. The factors listed above and the factors described in Part I, Item 1A of this annual report, as well as similar discussions in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") are not necessarily all of the important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any of our forward-looking statements. Other unknown or unpredictable factors also could have material adverse effects on our future results. Investors should consider these factors before deciding to make or maintain an investment in our securities. The forward-looking statements included in this annual report are based on information available to us as of the date of this annual report. We expressly disclaim any intent or obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances.

2

PAR
T I
Item 1. 
B
usiness.
INTRODUCTION
CorVel applies certain technology, including artificial intelligence, machine learning and natural language processing, to enhance the management of episodes of care and the related health-care costs. We partner with employers, third-party administrators (“TPAs”), insurance companies and government agencies to assist our customers in managing the increasing medical costs of workers’ compensation, group health and auto insurance, and in monitoring the quality of care provided to claimants. Our diverse suite of solutions combines our integrated technologies with a human touch. CorVel’s customized services, delivered locally, are backed by a national team to support its clients, as well as their customers and patients.

The Company’s services include claims management, bill review, preferred provider networks, utilization management, case management, pharmacy services, directed care and Medicare services.  CorVel delivers its solutions three ways – as a fully integrated claims-management program, as discrete standalone services, or as targeted add-ons that enhance an existing client workflow.  Integrated, end-to-end bundled programs are designed primarily for buyers such as self-insured employers who want a single, turnkey partner.  Conversely, individual modules and à‑la‑carte add-ons tend to fit larger scale relationships, where insurance carriers or TPAs plug specific CorVel capabilities into a broader service stack.
CorVel was incorporated in Delaware in 1987, and its principal executive offices are located at 5128 Apache Plume Road, Suite 400, Fort Worth, Texas 76109. The Company’s telephone number is (817) 390-1416.  The Company maintains a nationwide presence across a network of branches, and our Fort Worth, Texas location provides a centrally located hub for the Company. The location provides a sizable property footprint and a concentrated number of employees. Additionally, our Dallas-Fort Worth metropolitan area offices perform both workers’ compensation and group health services. We believe the location of our headquarters puts us in the best position for future growth across our business in these areas of service.
INDUSTRY OVERVIEW
CorVel provides services to employers and payors in the risk management and insurance services arenas, including workers’ compensation, general liability, auto liability, and hospital bill auditing and payment integrity. Workers’ compensation is a federally mandated, state-legislated insurance program that requires employers to fund medical expenses, lost wages, and other costs resulting from work-related injuries and illnesses. Workers’ compensation benefits and arrangements vary extensively on a state-by-state basis and are often highly complex. State statutes and court decisions control many aspects of the compensation process, including claims handling, impairment or disability evaluation, dispute settlement, benefit amount guidelines, and cost-control strategies. In November 2024, the Bureau of Labor Statistics reported that the occupational injury count for 2023 was 2.37 million compared to 2.34 million in 2022, 2.24 million in 2021, 2.11 million in 2020, and 2.69 million in 2019. While there was an increase in the injury count for 2023 compared to 2022, the count has not returned to pre-pandemic levels. Although there were fewer claims to administrate in each of 2023, 2022, 2021 and 2020 as compared to 2019, the Company was able to offset this decrease with an increase in market share.
In addition to the compensation process, cost containment and claims management continue to be significant employer concerns and many look to managed care vendors and TPAs for cost savings solutions. Cost drivers in workers’ compensation include implementing effective return-to-work and transitional duty programs, coordinating medical care, medical cost management, recognizing fraud and abuse, and improving communications with injured workers. Further, failing to recognize a complex claim at the onset of an injury, often results in a lengthier claims process and a delayed return to work, which drives costs.  We offer holistic savings solutions to cost containment using an integrated claims model, which controls costs by advocating medical management at the onset of injury to decrease administrative costs and to reduce the duration of a claimant’s disability.
FISCAL 2025 DEVELOPMENTS
Company Stock Repurchase Program
During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025 ("fiscal 2025"), the Company spent $37.6 million to repurchase 377,154 shares of its common stock under a plan approved by the Company’s Board of Directors (the "Board"). Since the commencement of this program in fiscal 1997 through fiscal 2025, the Company has repurchased 114,476,691 shares of its common stock, at a cost of approximately $832 million, and had 2,523,309 shares of common stock authorized for repurchase remaining under its share repurchase program as of March 31, 2025. These repurchases were funded primarily from the Company’s operating cash flows.

3

Company Stock Split
During fiscal 2025, the Company effected a three-for-one forward stock split of its common stock. All prior period share, equity award and per share amounts and calculations in this annual report and in the consolidated financial statements contained in this annual report have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the stock split.

Change in Board of Directors

During fiscal 2025, V. Gordon Clemons retired as an employee of the Company, as a member of the Board, and as Chairman of the Board. The Board subsequently appointed Michael G. Combs, the Company’s Chief Executive Officer and President, to the Board and elected him as Chairman of the Board.
BUSINESS — SERVICES
The Company’s network solutions and patient management services reduce claim costs by advocating medical management at the onset of an injury. These solutions offer personalized treatment programs that use precise protocols to advocate timely, quality care for injured workers.
Network Solutions Services
CorVel offers a complete medical savings solution for all in-network and out-of-network medical bills. The Company’s services include professional nurse review, true line item review, expert fee negotiations, specialty networks, preferred provider organization ("PPO") management, medical bill repricing, automated adjudication, and electronic reimbursement. Each feature focuses on increasing process efficiencies and maximizing savings opportunities for our customers.
Bill Review
Many states have adopted fee schedules, which regulate the maximum allowable fees payable under workers’ compensation for procedures performed by a variety of health treatment providers. CorVel’s proprietary bill review and claims management technology provides customers with cost savings by decreasing the turnaround time for bill review results through automated, customized algorithms. CorVel’s artificial intelligence engine includes over 100 million individual rules, which offers a comprehensive, paperless solution that surpasses the capabilities of traditional, manual bill review processes.
Our online portal, CareMC
®
, offers a paperless and cost-effective solution for payors to review and approve bills and access savings reports onlie. Further, CorVel’s solutions are fully customizable and can be tailored to meet unique payor requirements.
Bill review services include:
•
Coding review and re-bundling;
•
Reasonable and customary review;
•
Fee schedule analysis;
•
Out-of-network bill review;
•
Pharmacy review;
•
PPO management; and
•
Repricing.
PPO Management
PPOs are groups of hospitals, physicians and other healthcare providers that offer services at pre-negotiated rates to employee groups. The Company believes that PPO networks afford employers an additional means of managing healthcare costs by reducing the per-unit price of medical services provided to employees. CorVel offers a proprietary national PPO network and added leased network agreements to offer our customers extensive coverage and optimal network performance.  As of March 31, 2025, the Company’s PPO network was comprised of over 1.2 million providers nationwide, which are searchable based on quality, types of services, and location by the public through the Company’s mobile application.

4

CorVel has a long-term strategy of network development, providing comprehensive networks to our customers and customization of networks to meet the specific needs of our customers. The Company believes that the strength of its national PPO network, combined with local PPO developers’ commitment and community involvement, enables CorVel to grow its PPO network’s size, quality, depth of discount, and commitment to service.
The Company has a team of national, regional and local personnel supporting CorVel’s PPO network. This team of developers is responsible for local recruitment, contract negotiations, credentialing and re-credentialing of providers, and working with customers to develop customer-specific provider networks. Each bill review operation has provider relations support staff to address provider grievances and other billing issues.
The Company selects its providers based on their quality, range of services, price and location. The Company evaluates and credentials each provider before inviting them to join its network, and reevaluates them every three years. Through this extensive evaluation process, we are able to provide significant hospital, physician and ancillary medical savings, while maintaining high quality care. Provider network services include a national network for all medical coverages, board-certified physicians, provider credentialing, patient channeling, online PPO look-up, printable directories and driving directions, and medical care organizations ("MCOs").
CERIS
®
CERIS, CorVel’s enhanced review program, performs a clinical review and comparative analysis of itemized billing statements against national and customer payment standards. CERIS is a national provider of cost management solutions to employers, TPAs, insurance companies and government agencies.  The Company’s comprehensive forensic solution reviews charge utilization, appropriateness of charges, and billing behavior, to verify proper payment of claims. CERIS offers clarity to those who pay facility claims and are unsure if the billing is correct. CERIS produces incremental savings both prior to and after payment, lowers provider friction, increases efficiencies with client and facility relationships, and easily scales to a payor’s enterprise needs.

Professional Review
CorVel’s professional review service audits and validates facility bill accuracy. This solution also includes review of in-network facility bills. If a bill is identified for professional review, the bill image and its associated medical reports are routed within the system to an experienced medical nurse for review and auditing. The Company’s experienced nurse auditors have clinical backgrounds in all areas of medicine, medical billing and coding to ensure an accurate, consistent and thorough review.

Provider Reimbursement
CorVel’s bill review service automatically issues provider reimbursements, and allows its customers to track dollars spent and bills reviewed, and set reserves through charts available online.

Symbeo
SM

We complement our comprehensive solutions by offering our Symbeo technologies, which include scanning, optical character recognition, and document management services. We have added scanning operations to most of the Company’s larger offices around the country, designating them “Capture Centers,” and sell scanning and document management services through all offices. Our scanning service includes a web interface, which provides immediate access to documents and data. Secure document review, approval, transaction workflow and archival storage are available at subscription-based pricing.
Additionally, Symbeo
SM
 automates the accounts payable process, configuring coding and approvals to customer specific workflows.

Pharmacy Services
CorVel provides patients with a full-feature pharmacy program that offers formulary management, discounted prescriptions, drug interaction monitoring, utilization management and eligibility confirmation. Our network of nationally recognized pharmacies offers claimants savings on the retail price of prescriptions associated with a workers’ compensation claim. The Company’s pharmacy services program includes preferred access to a national pharmacy network, streamlined processing for pharmacies at point of sale, first fill and next fill programs, out-of-network management, medication review services and clinical modeling.

5

Directed Care Services
CorVel offers a national directed care network that provides access to specialty medical services, which may be required to support an injured worker’s medical treatment plan.  CorVel has contracted with medical imaging, physical therapy, diagnostics and ancillary service networks to offer convenient access, timely appointments and preferred rates for these services. The Company manages the entire coordination of care from appointment scheduling through reimbursement, working to achieve timely recovery and increased savings. The Company has directed care networks for CTs and MRIs, diagnostic imaging, physical and occupational therapy, independent medical evaluations, durable medical equipment and transportation and translation.
Medicare Solutions
CorVel offers solutions to help manage the requirements mandated by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (“CMS”). Services include Medicare set asides and agent reporting services to help employers comply with new CMS reporting legislation. As an assigned agent, CorVel can provide services for responsible reporting entities ("RREs"), such as insurers and employers. As an experienced information-processing provider, CorVel is able to electronically submit files to the CMS in compliance with timelines and reporting requirements.
Clearinghouse Services
CorVel’s proprietary medical review software and claims management technology interfaces with multiple clearinghouses to provide for medical review, conversion of electronic forms to appropriate payment formats, seamless submission of bills for payments and a rules engine used to help ensure jurisdictional compliance.
Patient Management Services
CorVel offers a unique approach to patient management through the TPA services it offers.  Patient management services include claims management and all services sold to claims management customers, case management, a 24/7 virtual care platform with nurse triage, utilization management, vocational rehabilitation and disability, liability claims, and auto claims management.  This integrated service model controls claims costs by advocating medical management at the onset of a claimant’s injury to decrease administrative costs and to shorten the duration of the claimant’s disability. This automated solution offers a personalized treatment program for each injured worker, using precise treatment protocols to meet the changing needs of patients on an ongoing basis.  The Company offers these services on a stand-alone basis or as an integrated component of its medical cost containment services.
Claims Management
CorVel serves customers in the self-insured and commercially-insured markets. Incidents and injuries are reported through a variety of intake methods including our 24/7 nurse triage call center, website, mobile applications, toll-free call centers and traditional methods of paper and fax reporting. Reported incidents and injuries are immediately processed by CorVel’s proprietary rules engine, which provides alerts and recommendations throughout the life of a claim. This technology instantly assigns the claimant an expert claims professional, while simultaneously determining if a claim requires immediate attention for triage.
The Company serves customers through alternative loss-funding methods and provides them with a complete range of services, including claims administration, case management, and medical bill review. In addition to the field investigation and evaluation of claims, the Company may also provide initial loss reporting services for claims, loss mitigation services, vocational rehabilitation, administration of trust funds established to pay claims, and risk management information services.
Features of claims management services include automated first notice of loss, three-point contact within 24 hours, prompt claims investigations, detailed notes for each step of the claim, graphical dashboards and claim history scorecards, as well as litigation management and expert testimony.
Case Management
CorVel’s case management services address all aspects of disability management and recovery, including utilization review (pre-certification, concurrent review and discharge planning), early intervention, telephonic, field and catastrophic case management, as well as vocational rehabilitation.

6

The medical management components of CorVel’s program focus on medical intervention, management and appropriateness. In these cases, the Company’s case managers confer with the attending physician, other providers, the patient and the patient’s family to identify the appropriate rehabilitative treatment and most cost-effective healthcare alternatives. The program is designed to offer the injured party prompt access to appropriate medical providers who will provide quality cost-effective medical care. Case managers may coordinate the services or care required and arrange for special pricing of the services.
A telephonic case manager ("TCM") focuses on assisting the claimant’s early return to work, medical improvement and determining the appropriate duration of disability. Further, the telephonic case manager facilitates treatment, negotiates with medical providers on behalf of the injured worker and directs the worker’s care until certain case closure criteria is met. Utilization review of provider treatment remains ongoing until discharge from treatment.
A field case manager ("FCM") is assigned to claims requiring an onsite referral. Cases are referred to the most appropriate FCM based on geographic location and injury type. Specialized case management services include catastrophic management, life care planning, and vocational rehabilitation services.

Virtual Care Platform
Injured workers can contact our 24/7 nurse triage hotline to speak with a registered nurse who specializes in occupational injuries. An assessment is immediately made to recommend self-care, or refer the worker to seek further medical care from our network of preferred providers. CorVel is able to provide quick and accurate care intervention, often preventing a minor injury from becoming an expensive claim. Our virtual platform allows employer access to online case information, comprehensive incident gathering, and healthcare advocacy for injured workers. Additionally, after being screened by a triage nurse, the service offers Telehealth, which connects injured workers with doctors for virtual appointments via their computers and smart mobile devices.  Telehealth, which is approved in nearly all states, is integrated into CorVel’s healthcare model as an option for qualified injuries, primarily musculoskeletal injuries. Telehealth preserves the integrity of the patient-physician relationship with confidential, HIPAA compliant transactions, while also channeling injured workers to network providers for physical therapy or prescriptions when needed.
Utilization Management
CorVel’s utilization management programs review proposed care to determine appropriateness, frequency, duration and setting. These programs utilize experienced registered nurses, proprietary medical treatment protocols and systems technology to avoid unnecessary treatments and associated costs. Utilization management processes include injury review, diagnosis and treatment planning, contacting and negotiating provider treatment requirements, certifying appropriateness of treatment parameters, and responding to provider requests for additional treatment. Utilization management services include prospective review, retrospective review, concurrent review, professional nurse review, second opinion, peer review, precertification and independent medical evaluation.
Vocational Rehabilitation
CorVel’s vocational rehabilitation program is designed for injured workers that need assistance to return to work or retain employment. This comprehensive suite of services helps employees who are unable to perform their work functions and who face the possibility of joining the open labor market to seek re-employment. These services are available unbundled on an integrated basis as dictated by the requirement of each case and customer preference, or by individual statutory requirements. Vocational rehabilitation services include: ergonomic assessments, rehabilitation plans, transferable skills analysis, labor market services, marketability, resumé development, job analysis and development, job placement, career counseling and expert testimony.
Disability Management
CorVel’s disability management programs offer a continuum of services for short and long-term disability coverages that advocate an employee’s early return to work. Disability management services include, absence reporting, disability evaluations, national preferred provider organizations, independent medical examinations, utilization review, medical case management, return-to-work coordination and integrated reporting.
Liability Claims Management
CorVel also offers liability claims management services that can be sold on a stand-alone basis or as part of patient management. Liability claims management services include, claims management, adjusting services, litigation management, claims subrogation, and investigations regarding auto liability, general liability, product liability, personal injury, professional liability, property damage, accidents and weather-related damage.

7

Auto Claims Management
Injury claims are one of the largest components of auto indemnity costs. Effective management of these claims and their associated costs, combined with an optimal healthcare management program, offers a unique method of cost savings for CorVel’s customers. The Company’s auto claims services include national preferred provider organizations, medical bill review, first or third party bill review, first notice of loss, demand packet reviews and reporting and analytics.
SYSTEMS AND TECHNOLOGY
Infrastructure and Data Center
The Company utilizes a tier III-rated data center as its primary processing site along with leveraging a leading enterprise-grade cloud computing platform. Within the data center, redundancy is provided at many levels in power, cooling, and computing resources, with the goal of ensuring maximum uptime and system availability for the Company’s production systems. The Company has embraced server virtualization and consolidation techniques to push the fault-tolerance of systems even further. These technologies bring increased availability, speed-to-production and scalability.
Redundancy Center
The Company’s national data center is located near Portland, Oregon.  The redundancy center, which is located in Lone Mountain, Nevada, is the Company’s backup processing site in the event that the Portland data center suffers catastrophic loss. Currently, the Company’s data is continually replicated to Lone Mountain in near-real time, so that in the event the Portland data center is offline, the redundancy center can be activated with current information quickly. The Lone Mountain data center also hosts duplicates of the Company’s websites. The systems are maintained and exercised on a continuous basis as they host demonstration and pilot environments that mirror production, with the goal of ensuring their ongoing readiness.

Adoption of Imaging Technologies and Paperless Workflow
Utilizing scanning and automated data capture processes allows the Company to process incoming paper and electronic claims documents, including medical bills, with less manual handling, which has improved the Company’s workflow processes and resulted in cost savings to us and our customers. Through the Company’s online portal, CareMC
®
, customers can review bills as soon as they are processed and approve a bill for payment, streamlining their workflows and expediting the payment process.
CareMC
®
The Company’s CareMC
®
 platform (
www.caremc.com
) offers customers direct and immediate access to its primary service lines. CareMC
®
 facilitates electronic communication and reporting between providers, payors, employers and patients. The website gives customers the ability to report an incident/injury, request service, schedule an appointment, review bills, manage claims, access their treatment calendar, contest medical bills, and access automated provider reimbursement.
In addition, through CareMC
®
, customers can:
•
Manage files throughout the life of the claim;
•
Receive and relay case notes from case managers; and
•
Integrate information from multiple claims management sources into one database.

8

CareMC
®
 streamlines healthcare transaction processing. Using artificial intelligence technology, the website provides situation alerts and event triggers, to facilitate prompt and effective decisions. CareMC
®
 users can quickly see where event outliers are occurring within the claims management process. If costs exceed pre-determined thresholds or activities fall outside expected timelines, the customer is quickly notified. The latest feature within CareMC
®
, the Edge, modernizes claims processing and adapts to the way people work. This module facilitates quicker decision making by prioritizing information that is easily actionable. Seamlessly integrated within CareMC
®
, the Edge browses codified data and prioritizes claims, alerting adjusters to those claims needing attention and actions that need to be taken.  The Edge displays live, claims information on one screen to help guide users toward their next action.
Claims Processing
We continue to develop our claims system capabilities, which reflects the Company’s preference for owning and maintaining our own software assets. Ongoing integration projects are underway to present more of this claims-centric information available through the CareMC
®
 online portal. The Company’s goal is to continue to modernize user interfaces, give more rapid feedback and put real-time information in the hands of our customers.
CUSTOMERS AND MARKETING
CorVel serves a diverse group of customers, which include insurers, TPAs, self-administered employers, government agencies, municipalities, state funds, and numerous other stakeholders in the health care industry. CorVel provides workers’ compensation services to virtually any size employer and in any state or region of the United States. No single customer accounted for 10% or more of revenue for fiscal years 2025, 2024 or 2023. Two customers accounted for 10% or more of accounts receivable as of March 31, 2025 and one customer accounted for 10% or more of accounts receivable as of March 31, 2024. Many claims management decisions in workers’ compensation are the responsibility of the local claims office of national or regional insurers. The Company’s national branch office network enables the Company to market and offer its services at both a local and national account level, though the Company placed increasing emphasis on national account marketing. The sales and marketing activities are conducted primarily by account executives located in key geographic areas.
COMPETITION AND MARKET CONDITIONS
The healthcare cost containment industry is competitive and is subject to economic pressures for cost savings and legislative reforms. CorVel’s primary competitors in the workers’ compensation market include TPAs, MCOs, large insurance carriers and numerous independent companies. Many of the Company’s competitors are significantly larger and have greater financial and marketing resources than the Company. Moreover, the Company’s customers may establish the in-house capability of performing the kinds of services offered by the Company. If the Company is unable to compete effectively, it will be difficult to add and retain customers, and the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations will be materially and adversely affected.
There has been unprecedented acceleration in mobile and other technology in the past few years. This capability provides immediate access and begins to present business opportunities that were previously predicated on a less connected environment. The Company continues to leverage the latest technological innovation to connect all parties involved in the workers’ compensation, risk management, and insurance processes in ways that were unimaginable in the past. The Company remains focused on executing its strategy to offer industry-leading claims management and cost containment solutions to the market.
GOVERNMENT REGULATIONS
General
Managed healthcare programs for workers’ compensation are subject to various laws and regulations. Both the nature and degree of applicable government regulation vary greatly depending upon the specific activities involved. Generally, parties that actually provide or arrange for the provision of healthcare services, such as the Company, assume financial risk related to the provision of those services or undertake direct responsibility for making payment or payment decisions for those services. These parties are subject to a number of complex regulatory requirements that govern many aspects of their conduct and operations.
In contrast, the management and information services provided by the Company to its customers typically have not been the subject of regulation by the federal government or the states. Since the managed healthcare field is a rapidly expanding and changing industry and the cost of healthcare continues to increase, it is possible that state and federal regulatory frameworks will expand to have a greater impact on the conduct and operation of the Company’s business.

9

Under the current workers’ compensation system, employer insurance or self-funded coverage is governed by individual laws in each of the 50 states and by certain federal laws. The management and information services that make up the Company’s managed care program serve markets that have developed largely in response to needs of insurers, employers and large TPAs, and generally have not been mandated by legislation or other government action. On the other hand, the vocational rehabilitation case management marketplace within the workers’ compensation system has been dependent upon the laws and regulations within those states that require the availability of specified rehabilitation services for injured workers. Similarly, the Company’s fee schedule auditing services address market needs created by certain states’ enactment of maximum permissible fee schedules for workers’ compensation services. Changes in individual state regulation of workers’ compensation may create a greater or lesser demand for some or all of the Company’s services or require the Company to develop new or modified services to meet the needs of and compete effectively in the marketplace.
We are required to be licensed or receive regulatory approval in nearly every state and foreign jurisdiction in which we do business. In addition, most jurisdictions require individuals who engage in claim adjusting and certain other insurance service activities to be personally licensed. These licensing laws and regulations vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. In most jurisdictions, licensing laws and regulations generally grant broad discretion to supervisory authorities to adopt and amend regulations and to supervise regulated activities.
Medical Cost Containment Legislation
Historically, governmental strategies to contain medical costs in the workers’ compensation field have been generally limited to legislation on a state-by-state basis. For example, many states have implemented fee schedules that list maximum reimbursement levels for healthcare procedures. In certain states that have not authorized the use of a fee schedule, the Company adjusts bills to the usual and customary levels authorized by the payor. Opportunities for the Company’s services could increase if more states legislate additional cost containment strategies. Conversely, the Company would be materially and adversely affected if states elect to reduce the extent of medical cost containment strategies available to insurance carriers and other payors, or adopt other strategies for cost containment that would not support a demand for the Company’s services.
HUMAN CAPITAL
As of March 31, 2025, CorVel had 5,075 employees, including nurses, claims adjusters, and other employees.  Our entire workforce is concentrated in the United States.  No employees are represented by any collective bargaining unit.  Management believes the Company’s relationship with its employees to be good.

The COVID-19 pandemic had a significant impact on our human capital management, with most of our office locations are operating at reduced capacity. Currently, 91% of our employees are working either permanently from home or in a hybrid arrangement.

Human capital is a key component to our success. CorVel was recently awarded, for the fifth year in a row, certification as a "Great Place to Work Company" based on independent surveys of its employees. Our culture and organizational purpose is embodied by our ACE-IT values of Accountability, Commitment, Excellence, Integrity, and Teamwork. These values define our desired culture, and influence organizational behavior, decision-making and our people priorities. Our mission is to provide an enduring culture where we are empowered to seek our full potential, working together to change the industry, making a real difference to those we serve. Our vision is to make a real difference with our partners by creating a new standard of excellence in service and outcomes.

Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
Diversity, equity and inclusion are core to the Company’s values and instrumental in delivering stronger business growth. The more diverse our backgrounds and experiences, the more we can achieve together working side by side. We are committed to recruiting the most qualified people for the job regardless of gender, ethnicity or other protected traits, and to complying fully with all domestic, foreign and local laws relating to discrimination in the workplace. Additionally, we believe in providing opportunities for career progression for our people and, as such, we strive to fill our open positions with internal talent whenever possible. Our Company’s greatest strength and resource is the talent of our employees.

To ensure that our leaders and employees model fairness and inclusivity in their behaviors, diversity, equity and inclusion training is completed by our leaders and mandated for all employees.  We are proud of having a diverse workforce and remain committed to ensuring equal opportunity for advancement for each of our 5,000+ team members.

As of March 31, 2025, over one-third of our employees identified as racially or ethnically diverse. Additionally, over 79% of our employees identify as women, and over 73% of the Company’s managers identify as women.

10

Employee Wellness
At CorVel, we provide a variety of comprehensive benefit programs that are designed to support the physical, mental and financial well-being of our people. Examples of such programs include: formal wellness programs with fitness challenges and incentives for prioritizing physical exercise; employee assistance programs; group healthcare and telemedicine programs; company-sponsored retirement savings plans; tuition assistance; and programs that support work-life balance such as remote work arrangements and paid-time off.

Employee Development
Employee development continued to be of strategic importance in fiscal 2025. We require our adjusters and nurse case managers to undergo specific training related to their responsibilities as part of their onboarding process. During fiscal year 2024, we launched CorVel University, which is a national training initiative to equip candidates with the necessary skills to become claims specialists.  Internal and external candidates can go through the four-week training program that enables an individual who graduated from the program to be integrated into claims operations and developed into claims specialists with local mentors.  Additionally, a supervisor training series has recently been launched, which includes a series of virtual and interactive modules in the learning management system.  The focus is on building and refining both management and leadership skills, for newly promoted supervisors, as well as for experienced supervisors to refresh their skills.

AVAILABLE INFORMATION
Copies of our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as well as other filings made with the SEC, are available free of charge through our website (
http://www.corvel.com
, under the 
Investor
 section) as soon as reasonably practicable after such reports are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. The SEC also maintains a website at 
www.sec.gov
 that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC.
The inclusion of our website address and the address of any of our portals, such as 
www.caremc.com
, in this annual report does not include or incorporate by reference into this annual report any information contained on, or accessible through, such websites, and references to our website address within this annual report are inactive textual references only.

11

Item 1A.
 R
isk Factors.
Past financial performance is not necessarily a reliable indicator of future performance, and investors in our common stock should not use historical performance to anticipate results or future period trends. Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. Investors should consider carefully the following risk factors, as well as the other information in this annual report and our other filings with the SEC, including our consolidated financial statements and the related notes, before deciding whether to invest or maintain an investment in shares of our common stock. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition, and results of operations would suffer. In this case, the trading price of our common stock would likely decline. The risks described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks that we currently do not know about or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also impair our business operations.
Risks Related to Our Business and Industry
Our sequential revenue may not increase and may decline. As a result, we may fail to meet or exceed the expectations of investors or analysts which could cause our common stock price to decline.
Our sequential revenue growth may not increase and may decline in the future as a result of a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control. If changes in our sequential revenue fall below the expectations of investors or analysts, the price of our common stock could decline substantially. Fluctuations or declines in sequential revenue growth may be due to a number of factors, including, but not limited to, those listed below and identified throughout this “Risk Factors” section: the decline in manufacturing employment, the decline in workers’ compensation claims, the decline in healthcare expenditures, the considerable price competition in a flat-to-declining workers’ compensation market, litigation, the increase in competition, and the changes and the potential changes in state workers’ compensation and automobile-managed care laws which can reduce demand for our services. These factors create an environment where revenue and margin growth is more difficult to attain and where revenue growth is less certain than historically experienced. Additionally, our technology and preferred provider network face competition from companies that have more resources available to them than we do. Also, some customers may handle their managed care services in-house and may reduce the amount of services which are outsourced to managed care companies such as us. These factors could cause the market price of our common stock to fluctuate substantially. There can be no assurance that our growth rate in the future, if any, will be at or near historical levels.
If we fail to grow our business internally or through strategic acquisitions we may be unable to execute our business plan, maintain high levels of service, or adequately address competitive challenges.
Our strategy is to continue internal growth and, as strategic opportunities arise in the workers’ compensation managed care  industry, to consider acquisitions of, or relationships with, other companies in related lines of business. As a result, we are subject to certain growth-related risks, including the risk that we will be unable to retain personnel or acquire other resources necessary to service such growth adequately. Expenses arising from our efforts to increase our market penetration may have a negative impact on operating results. In addition, there can be no assurance that any suitable opportunities for strategic acquisitions or relationships will arise or, if they do arise, that the transactions contemplated could be completed. If such a transaction does occur, there can be no assurance that we will be able to integrate effectively any acquired business. In addition, any such transaction would be subject to various risks associated with the acquisition of businesses, including, but not limited to, the following:
•
an acquisition may (i) negatively impact our results of operations because it may require incurring large one-time charges, substantial debt or liabilities; (ii) require the amortization or write down of amounts related to deferred compensation, goodwill and other intangible assets; or (iii) cause adverse tax consequences, substantial depreciation or deferred compensation charges;
•
we may encounter difficulties in assimilating and integrating the business, technologies, products, services, personnel, or operations of companies that are acquired, particularly if key personnel of the acquired company decide not to work for us;
•
an acquisition may disrupt ongoing business, divert resources, increase expenses, and distract management;
•
the acquired businesses, products, services, or technologies may not generate sufficient revenue to offset acquisition costs;
•
we may have to issue equity or debt securities to complete an acquisition, which would dilute the position of stockholders and could adversely affect the market price of our common stock; and
•
the acquisitions may involve the entry into a geographic or business market in which we have little or no prior experience.
There can be no assurance that we will be able to identify or consummate any future acquisitions or other strategic relationships on favorable terms, or at all, or that any future acquisition or other strategic relationship will not have an adverse impact on our business or results of operations. If suitable opportunities arise, we may finance such transactions, as well as internal growth, through debt or

12

equity financing. There can be no assurance, however, that such debt or equity financing would be available to us on acceptable terms when, and if, suitable strategic opportunities arise.
If we are unable to increase our market share among national and regional insurance carriers and large, self-funded employers, our results may be adversely affected.
Our business strategy and future success depend in part on our ability to capture market share with our cost containment services as national and regional insurance carriers and large, self-funded employers look for ways to achieve cost savings. There can be no assurance that we will successfully market our services to these insurance carriers and employers or that they will not resort to other means to achieve cost savings. Additionally, our ability to capture additional market share may be adversely affected by the decision of potential customers to perform services internally instead of outsourcing the provision of such services to us. Furthermore, we may not be able to demonstrate sufficient cost savings to potential or current customers to induce them not to provide comparable services internally or to accelerate efforts to provide such services internally.
If competition increases, our growth and profits may decline.
The markets for our network services and patient management services are fragmented and competitive. Our competitors include national managed care providers, preferred provider networks, smaller independent providers, and insurance companies. Companies that offer one or more workers’ compensation managed care services on a national basis are our primary competitors. We also compete with many smaller vendors who generally provide unbundled services on a local level, particularly companies with an established relationship with a local insurance company adjuster. In addition, several large workers’ compensation insurance carriers offer managed care services for their customers, either by performance of the services in-house or by outsourcing to organizations like ours. If these carriers increase their performance of these services in-house, our business may be adversely affected. In addition, consolidation in the industry may result in carriers performing more of such services in-house.
If the referrals for our patient management services decline, our business, financial condition and results of operations would be materially adversely affected.
In some years, we have experienced a general decline in the revenue and operating performance of patient management services. We believe that the performance decline has been due to the following factors: the decrease of the number of workplace injuries that have become longer-term disability cases; increased regional and local competition from providers of managed care services; a possible reduction by insurers on the types of services provided by our patient management business; the closure of offices and continuing consolidation of our patient management operations; and employee turnover, including management personnel, in our patient management business. In the past, these factors have all contributed to the lowering of our long-term outlook for our patient management services. If some or all of these conditions continue, we believe that revenues from our patient management services could decrease.
Declines in workers’ compensation claims may materially harm our results of operations.
Historically, because the labor market has become less labor intensive and more service oriented, there are declining work-related injuries.  Additionally, employers are being more proactive to prevent injuries.  If declines in workers’ compensation costs occur in many states and persist over the long-term, it would have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
We provide an outsource service to payors of workers’ compensation benefits, automobile insurance claims, and group health insurance benefits. These payors include insurance companies, TPAs, municipalities, state funds, and self-insured, self-administered employers. If these payors reduce the amount of work they outsource, our results of operations would be materially adversely affected.

13

Healthcare providers are becoming increasingly resistant to the application of certain healthcare cost containment techniques; this may cause revenue from our cost containment operations to decrease.
Healthcare providers have become more active in their efforts to minimize the use of certain cost containment techniques and are engaging in litigation to avoid application of certain cost containment practices. Recent litigation between healthcare providers and insurers has challenged certain insurers’ claims adjudication and reimbursement decisions. These cases may affect the use by insurers of certain cost containment services that we provide and may result in a decrease in revenue from our cost containment business.
Our failure to compete successfully could make it difficult for us to add and retain customers and could reduce or impede the growth of our business.
We face competition from PPOs, TPAs, and other managed healthcare companies. We believe that as managed care techniques continue to gain acceptance in the workers’ compensation marketplace, our competitors will increasingly consist of nationally-focused workers’ compensation managed care service companies, insurance companies, HMOs and other significant providers of managed care products. Legislative reform in some states has been considered, but not enacted, to permit employers to designate health plans such as HMOs and PPOs to cover workers’ compensation claimants. Because many health plans have the ability to manage medical costs for workers’ compensation claimants, such legislation may intensify competition in the markets served by us. Many of our current and potential competitors are significantly larger and have greater financial and marketing resources than we do, and there can be no assurance that we will continue to maintain our existing customers, maintain our past level of operating performance, or be successful with any new products or in any new geographical markets we may enter.
If the utilization by healthcare payors of early intervention services continues to increase, the revenue from our later-stage network and healthcare management services could be negatively affected.
The performance of early intervention services, including injury occupational healthcare, first notice of loss, and telephonic case management services, often result in a decrease in the average length of, and the total costs associated with, a healthcare claim. By successfully intervening at an early stage in a claim, the need for additional cost containment services for that claim often can be reduced or even eliminated. As healthcare payors continue to increase their utilization of early intervention services, the revenue from our later stage network and healthcare management services will decrease.
We face competition for staffing, which may increase our labor costs and reduce profitability.
We compete with other healthcare providers in recruiting qualified management and staff personnel for the day-to-day operations of our business, including nurses and other case management professionals. In some markets, the scarcity of nurses and other medical support personnel has become a significant operating issue to healthcare providers. This shortage may require us to enhance wages to recruit and retain qualified nurses and other healthcare professionals. Our failure to recruit and retain qualified management, nurses, and other healthcare professionals, or to control labor costs could have a material adverse effect on profitability.

We are subject to inflation risks which could increase our wages, benefits, and other costs which may result in decreased profitability.
We are impacted by inflationary increases in wages, benefits and other costs. Wage and benefit inflation, whether driven by competition for talent or ordinary course pay increases and other inflationary pressure, may increase our cost of providing services and reduce our profitability. If we are not able to pass increased wage and other costs resulting from inflation onto our clients or charge premium prices when justified by market demand, our profitability could decline.
Sustained increases in the cost of our employee benefits could materially reduce our profitability.
The cost of our current employees’ medical and other benefits substantially affects our profitability. In the past, we have occasionally experienced significant increases in these costs as a result of macro-economic factors beyond our control, including increases in healthcare costs.  There can be no assurance that we will succeed in limiting future cost increases, and continued upward pressure in these costs could materially reduce our profitability.
The introduction of software products incorporating new technologies and the emergence of new industry standards could render our existing software products less competitive, obsolete, or unmarketable.

There can be no assurance that we will be successful in developing and marketing new software products that respond to technological changes or evolving industry standards. If we are unable, for technological or other reasons, to develop and introduce new software products cost-effectively, in a timely manner and in response to changing market conditions or customer requirements, our business, results of operations, and financial condition may be adversely affected.

14

Developing or implementing new or updated software products and services may take longer and cost more than expected. We rely on a combination of internal development, strategic relationships, licensing and acquisitions to develop our software products and services. The cost of developing new healthcare information services and technology solutions is inherently difficult to estimate. Our development and implementation of proposed software products and services may take longer than originally expected, require more testing than originally anticipated and require the acquisition of additional personnel and other resources. If we are unable to develop new or updated software products and services cost-effectively on a timely basis and implement them without significant disruptions to the existing systems and processes of our customers, we may lose potential sales and harm our relationships with current or potential customers.
We may not be able to develop or acquire necessary IT resources to support and grow our business, and disruptive technologies could impact the volume and pricing of our products, which could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
We have made substantial investments in software and related technologies that are critical to the core operations of our business. These IT resources will require future maintenance and enhancements, potentially at substantial costs. Additionally, these IT resources may become obsolete in the future and require replacement, potentially at substantial costs. We may not be able to develop, acquire replacement resources or identify new technology resources necessary to support and grow our business.
In addition, we could face changes in our markets due to disruptive technologies that could impact the volume and pricing of our products, or introduce changes to the claims management processes which could negatively impact our volume of case referrals. Our failure to address these risks, or to do so in a timely manner, or at a cost considered reasonable by us, could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
If we are unable to apply technology and data analytics effectively in driving value for our clients through technology-based solutions or gain internal efficiencies and maintain effective internal controls through the application of technology and related tools, our operating results, client relationships, growth and compliance programs could be adversely affected.
Our future success depends, in part, on our ability to anticipate and respond effectively to the threat and opportunity presented by digital disruption, “big data” and data analytics, and other developments in technology. These may include new applications or insurance-related services based on artificial intelligence, machine learning, robotics, blockchain, the metaverse or new approaches to data mining that impact the nature of how we generate revenue. We may be exposed to competitive risks related to the adoption and application of new technologies by established market participants or new entrants such as technology companies, start-up companies and others. These new entrants are focused on using technology and innovation, including artificial intelligence and blockchain, in an attempt to simplify and improve the client experience, increase efficiencies, alter business models and effect other potentially disruptive changes in the industries in which we operate. We must also develop and implement technology solutions and technical expertise among our employees that anticipate and keep pace with rapid and continuing changes in technology, industry standards, client preferences and internal control standards. We may not be successful in anticipating or responding to these developments on a timely and cost-effective basis and our ideas may not be accepted in the marketplace. Additionally, the effort to gain technological expertise, make use of data analytics, and develop new technologies in our business requires us to incur significant expenses. Investments in technology systems and data analytics capabilities may not deliver the benefits or perform as expected, or may be replaced or become obsolete more quickly than expected, which could result in operational difficulties or additional costs. If we cannot offer new technologies or data analytics solutions as quickly as our competitors, or if our competitors develop more cost-effective technologies, data analytics solutions or other product offerings, we could experience a material adverse effect on our operating results, client relationships, growth and compliance programs.
In some cases, we depend on key third-party vendors and partners to provide technology and other support for our strategic initiatives. If these third parties fail to perform their obligations or cease to work with us, our ability to execute on our strategic initiatives could be adversely affected.
The failure to attract and retain qualified or key personnel may prevent us from effectively developing, marketing, selling, integrating, and supporting our services.
We are dependent, to a substantial extent, upon the continuing efforts and abilities of certain key management personnel. In addition, we face competition for experienced employees with professional expertise in the workers’ compensation managed care area. The loss of key personnel, especially Michael Combs, our Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President, or the inability to attract qualified employees, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

15

If we lose several customers in a short period, our results may be materially adversely affected.
Our results may decline if we lose several customers during a short period. Most of our customer contracts permit either party to terminate without cause. If several customers terminate, or do not renew or extend their contracts with us, our results could be materially and adversely affected. Many organizations in the insurance industry have consolidated and this could result in the loss of one or more of our customers through a merger or acquisition. Additionally, we could lose customers due to competitive pricing pressures or other reasons.
We are subject to risks associated with acquisitions of intangible assets.
Our acquisition of other businesses may result in significant increases in our intangible assets and goodwill. We regularly evaluate whether events and circumstances have occurred indicating that any portion of our intangible assets and goodwill may not be recoverable. When factors indicate that intangible assets and goodwill should be evaluated for possible impairment, we may be required to reduce the carrying value of these assets. We cannot currently estimate the timing and amount of any such charges.
Natural and other disasters may adversely affect our business.
We may be vulnerable to damage from severe weather conditions or natural disasters, including hurricanes, fires, floods, earthquakes, power loss, communications failures, and similar events, including the effects of pandemics, war or acts of terrorism.  If a disaster were to occur, our ability to operate our business could be seriously or completely impaired or destroyed. The insurance we maintain may not be adequate to cover our losses resulting from disasters or other business interruptions. If there is a resurgence in the COVID-19 pandemic, or if any other pandemic arises, it could materially adversely impact our business operations, financial position and results of operations in unpredictable ways that depend on highly-uncertain future developments, such as determining the effectiveness of current or future government actions to address the public health or economic impacts of the pandemic. Any of these risks might have a materially adverse effect on our business operations and our financial position or results of operations.
Risks Related to Cybersecurity and Our Information Systems
A cybersecurity attack or other disruption to our information technology systems could result in the loss, theft, misuse, unauthorized disclosure, or unauthorized access of customer or sensitive company information or could disrupt our operations, which could damage our relationships with customers or employees, expose us to litigation or regulatory proceedings, or harm our reputation, any of which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.
We rely on information technology to support our business activities. Our business involves the storage and transmission of a significant amount of personal, confidential, or sensitive information, including the personal information of our customers and employees, and our company’s financial, operational and strategic information. As with many businesses, we are subject to numerous data privacy and security risks, which may prevent us from maintaining the privacy of this information, result in the disruption of our business and online systems, and require us to expend significant resources attempting to secure and protect such information and respond to incidents, any of which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. The loss, theft, misuse, unauthorized disclosure, or unauthorized access of such information could lead to significant reputational or competitive harm, result in litigation or regulatory proceedings, or cause us to incur substantial liabilities, fines, penalties or expenses.
Cybersecurity breaches of any of the systems on which we rely may result from circumvention of security systems, denial-of-service attacks or other cyber-attacks, hacking, “phishing” attacks, computer viruses, ransomware, malware, employee or insider error, malfeasance, social engineering, physical breaches or other actions. According to media reports, the frequency, intensity, and sophistication of cyber-attacks, ransomware attacks, and other data security incidents generally has significantly increased around the globe in recent years. As with many other businesses, we have experienced, and are continually at risk of being subject to, attacks and incidents, including cybersecurity breaches such as computer viruses, unauthorized parties gaining access to our information technology systems and similar incidents. Cybersecurity breaches could cause us, and in some cases, materially, to experience reputational harm, loss of customers, loss and/or delay of revenue, loss of proprietary data, loss of licenses, regulatory actions and scrutiny, sanctions or other statutory penalties, litigation, liability for failure to safeguard customers’ information, financial losses or a drop in our stock price.  We have invested in and continue to expend significant resources on information technology and data security tools, measures, processes, initiatives, policies and employee training designed to protect our information technology systems, as well as the personal, confidential or sensitive information stored on or transmitted through those systems, and to ensure an effective response to any cyber-attack or data security incident. These expenditures could have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations, and divert management’s attention from pursuing our strategic objectives. In addition, the cost and operational consequences of implementing, maintaining and enhancing further system protective measures could increase significantly as cybersecurity threats increase, and there can be no assurance that the security measures we employ will effectively prevent cybersecurity breaches or otherwise prevent unauthorized persons from obtaining access to our systems and information.

16

As these threats evolve, cybersecurity incidents could be more difficult to detect, defend against, and remediate. Cyber-attacks or data incidents could remain undetected for some period, which could potentially result in significant harm to our systems, as well as unauthorized access to the information stored on and transmitted by our systems. Further, despite our security efforts and training, our employees may purposefully or inadvertently cause security breaches that could harm our systems or result in the unauthorized disclosure of or access to information. Any measures we do take to prevent security breaches, whether caused by employees or third parties, could have the potential to harm relationships with our customers or restrict our ability to meet our customers’ expectations.
If a cyber-attack or other data incident results in the loss, theft, misuse, unauthorized disclosure, or unauthorized access of personal, confidential, or sensitive information belonging to our customers or employees, it could put us at a competitive disadvantage, result in the deterioration of our customers’ confidence in our services, cause our customers to reconsider their relationship with our company or impose more onerous contractual provisions, cause us to lose our regulatory licenses, and subject us to potential litigation, liability, fines and penalties. For example, we could be subject to regulatory or other actions pursuant to privacy laws. This could result in costly investigations and litigation, civil or criminal penalties, operational changes and negative publicity that could adversely affect our reputation, as well as our results of operations and financial condition.
A cyber-attack or other data security incident could result in the significant and protracted disruption of our business such that:
•
critical business systems become inoperable or require a significant amount of time or cost to restore;
•
key personnel are unable to perform their duties or communicate with employees, customers or other third-parties;
•
it results in the loss, theft, misuse, unauthorized disclosure, or unauthorized access of customer or company information;
•
we are prevented from accessing information necessary to conduct our business;
•
we are required to make unanticipated investments in equipment, technology or security measures;
•
customers cannot access our websites and online systems; or
•
we become subject to other unanticipated liabilities, costs, or claims.
Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, and result in harm to our reputation.  While we maintain insurance coverage that may, subject to policy terms and conditions, cover certain aspects of the losses and costs associated with cyber-attacks and data incidents, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses and would not, in any event, remedy damage to our reputation. In addition, we may face difficulties in recovering any losses from our provider and any losses we recover may be lower than we initially expect.
A breach of security may cause our customers to curtail or stop using our services.
We rely largely on our own security systems, confidentiality procedures, and employee nondisclosure agreements to maintain the privacy and security of our and our customers’ proprietary information. Accidental or willful security breaches or other unauthorized access by third parties to our information systems, the existence of computer viruses in our data or software, and misappropriation of our proprietary information could expose us to a risk of information loss, litigation, and other possible liabilities which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. If security measures are breached because of third-party action, employee error, malfeasance, or otherwise, or if design flaws in our software are exposed and exploited, and, as a result, a third party obtains unauthorized access to any customer data, our relationships with our customers and our reputation will be damaged, our business may suffer, and we could incur significant liability. Because techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or to sabotage systems change frequently and generally are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures.
An interruption in our ability to access critical data may cause customers to cancel their service and/or may reduce our ability to effectively compete.
Certain aspects of our business are dependent upon our ability to store, retrieve, process, and manage data and to maintain and upgrade our data processing capabilities. Interruption of data processing capabilities for any extended length of time, loss of stored data, programming errors or other system failures could cause customers to cancel their service and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
In addition, we expect that a considerable amount of our future growth will depend on our ability to process and manage claims data more efficiently and to provide more meaningful healthcare information to customers and payors of healthcare. There can be no assurance that our current data processing capabilities will be adequate for our future growth, that we will be able to efficiently upgrade

17

our systems to meet future demands, or that we will be able to develop, license or otherwise acquire software to address these market demands as well or as timely as our competitors.
If we are unable to leverage our information systems to enhance our outcome-driven service model, our results may be adversely affected.
To leverage our knowledge of workplace injuries, treatment protocols, outcomes data, and complex regulatory provisions related to the workers’ compensation market, we must continue to implement and enhance information systems that can analyze our data related to the workers’ compensation industry. We frequently upgrade existing operating systems and are updating other information systems that we rely upon in providing our services and financial reporting. We have detailed implementation schedules for these projects that require extensive involvement from our operational, technological, and financial personnel. Delays or other problems we might encounter in implementing these projects could adversely affect our ability to deliver streamlined patient care and outcome reporting to our customers.
Risks Related to Potential Litigation
Exposure to possible litigation and legal liability may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
We, through our utilization management services, make recommendations concerning the appropriateness of providers’ medical treatment plans for patients throughout the country, and as a result, could be exposed to claims for adverse medical consequences. We do not grant or deny claims for payment of benefits and we do not believe that we engage in the practice of medicine or the delivery of medical services. There can be no assurance, however, that we will not be subject to claims or litigation related to the authorization or denial of claims for payment of benefits or allegations that we engage in the practice of medicine or the delivery of medical services.
In addition, there can be no assurance that we will not be subject to other litigation that may adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations, including but not limited to being joined in litigation brought against our customers in the managed care industry. We maintain professional liability insurance and such other coverages as we believe are reasonable in light of our experience to date. If such insurance is insufficient or unavailable in the future at reasonable cost to protect us from liability, our business, financial condition, or results of operations could be adversely affected.
If lawsuits against us are successful, we may incur significant liabilities.
We provide to insurers and other payors of healthcare costs managed care programs that utilize preferred provider organizations and computerized bill review programs. Healthcare providers have brought, against us and our customers, individual and class action lawsuits challenging such programs. If such lawsuits are successful, we may incur significant liabilities.
We make recommendations about the appropriateness of providers’ proposed medical treatment plans for patients throughout the country. As a result, we could be subject to claims arising from any adverse medical consequences. Although plaintiffs have not, to date, subjected us to any claims or litigation relating to the granting or denial of claims for payment of benefits or allegations that we engage in the practice of medicine or the delivery of medical services, we cannot assure you that plaintiffs will not make such claims in future litigation. We also cannot assure you that our insurance will provide sufficient coverage or that insurance companies will make insurance available at a reasonable cost to protect us from significant future liability.
The increased costs of professional and general liability insurance may have an adverse effect on our profitability.
The cost of commercial professional and general liability insurance coverage has risen significantly for us in the past several years, and this trend may continue. In addition, if we were to suffer a material loss, our costs may increase over and above the general increases in the industry. If the costs associated with insuring our business continue to increase, it may adversely affect our business. We believe our current level of insurance coverage is adequate for a company of our size engaged in our business.  Additionally, we may have difficulty getting carriers to pay under coverage in certain circumstances.
Risks Related to Our Regulatory Environment
Changes in government regulations could increase our costs of operations and/or reduce the demand for our services.
Many states, including a number of those in which we transact business, have licensing and other regulatory requirements applicable to our business. Approximately half of the states have enacted laws that require licensing of businesses which provide medical review services such as ours. Some of these laws apply to medical review of care covered by workers’ compensation. These laws typically establish minimum standards for qualifications of personnel, confidentiality, internal quality control, and dispute resolution procedures. These regulatory programs may result in increased costs of operation for us, which may have an adverse impact upon our

18

ability to compete with other available alternatives for healthcare cost control. In addition, new laws regulating the operation of managed care provider networks have been adopted by a number of states. These laws may apply to managed care provider networks we have contracts with or to provider networks which we may organize. To the extent we are governed by these regulations, we may be subject to additional licensing requirements, financial and operational oversight and procedural standards for beneficiaries and providers.
Regulation in the healthcare and workers’ compensation fields is constantly evolving. We are unable to predict what additional government initiatives, if any, affecting our business may be promulgated in the future. Our business may be adversely affected by failure to comply with existing laws and regulations, failure to obtain necessary licenses and government approvals, or failure to adapt to new or modified regulatory requirements. Proposals for healthcare legislative reforms are regularly considered at the federal and state levels. To the extent that such proposals affect workers’ compensation, such proposals may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
In addition, changes in workers’ compensation, automobile insurance, and group healthcare laws or regulations may reduce demand for our services, which would require us to develop new or modified services to meet the demands of the marketplace, or reduce the fees that we may charge for our services.
Increasing regulatory focus on privacy issues and expanding privacy laws could impact our business models and expose us to increased liability.
U.S. privacy and data security laws apply to our various businesses. Governments, privacy advocates and class action attorneys are increasingly scrutinizing how companies collect, process, use, store, share and transmit personal data. Globally, new laws, such as the General Data Protection Regulation in Europe, the California Consumer Privacy Act in California, and industry self-regulatory codes have been enacted and more are being considered that may affect our ability to respond to customer requests under the laws, and to implement our business models effectively. These requirements, among others, may force us to bear the burden of more onerous obligations in our contracts. Any perception of our practices, products or services as a violation of individual privacy rights may subject us to public criticism, class action lawsuits, reputational harm, or investigations or claims by regulators, industry groups or other third parties, all of which could disrupt our business and expose us to increased liability. Additionally, we store information on behalf of our customers and if our customers fail to comply with contractual obligations or applicable laws, it could result in litigation or reputational harm to us.
Increased regulatory scrutiny on use of “big data” techniques, machine learning, and artificial intelligence could impact our business and expose us to increased liability.

There has also been increased regulatory scrutiny of the use of “big data” techniques, machine learning, and artificial intelligence. It is likely that we will be subject to new regulations that could materially adversely affect our operations or ability to write business profitably in one or more jurisdictions. In addition, regulators have recently requested information from insurers on their use of algorithms, artificial intelligence and machine learning. We have internal policies governing the use of artificial intelligence by our employees designed to protect us from breaches of data privacy, liability and regulatory enforcement risk; however, if our employees violate these policies, it could expose us to such risks. Our exposure to these risks also could increase if our vendors, suppliers, or other third-party providers employ artificial intelligence in relation to the products or services they provide to us, as we have limited control over such use in third-party products or services. These risks include, among others, the input of confidential information, including material non-public information, in contravention of our policies or contractual restrictions to which any of the foregoing are subject, or in violation of applicable laws or regulations, including those relating to data protection. We cannot predict what, if any, regulatory actions may be taken with regard to “big data,” but any limitations could have a material impact on our business, business processes, financial condition, and results of operations.
The costs of compliance with sustainability or other environmental, social responsibility or governance laws, regulations, or policies, including investor and client-driven policies and standards, could adversely affect our business.
As a non–manufacturing service business, we have to date been less impacted from laws and regulations related to sustainability concerns or other environmental, social responsibility or governance ("ESG") laws, regulations, or policies. However, we may need to incur ESG-related costs in response to our customers or shareholders. Increasingly our customers and shareholders expect that we meet environmental, social responsibility, sustainability or other business policies or standards, which may be more restrictive than current laws and regulations, before our customers commence, or continue, doing business with us or before shareholders invest in our common stock. Our compliance with these policies and related requirements could be costly, and our failure to comply could adversely affect our business relationships or reputation.

19

Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock
The market price and trading volume of our common stock may be volatile, which could result in rapid and substantial losses for our stockholders.
The market price of our common stock may be highly volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations. In addition, the trading volume in our common stock may fluctuate and cause significant price variations to occur.  The stock market has in the past experienced price and volume fluctuations that have particularly affected companies in the healthcare and managed care markets resulting in changes in the market price of the stock of many companies, which may not have been directly related to the operating performance of those companies.  There can be no assurance that the market price of our common stock will not fluctuate or decline significantly in the future.
We cannot assure our stockholders that our stock repurchase program will enhance long-term stockholder value and stock repurchases, if any, could increase the volatility of the price of our common stock and will diminish our cash reserves.
In 1996, the Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program and, since then, has periodically increased the number of shares authorized for repurchase under the program.  The most recent increase occurred in November 2022 and brought the number of shares authorized for repurchase over the life of the program to 117,000,000 shares. There is no expiration date for the repurchase program. The timing and actual number of shares repurchased, if any, will depend on a variety of factors including the timing of open trading windows, trading price, corporate and regulatory requirements, and market conditions. The stock repurchase program does not obligate us to acquire any amount of common stock and may be suspended or discontinued at any time at our discretion. Repurchases pursuant to our stock repurchase program could affect our stock price, increase the volatility of the price of our common stock and reduce the market liquidity for our common stock. Additionally, repurchases under our stock repurchase program will diminish our cash reserves, which could strain our liquidity, impact our ability to pursue future strategic opportunities and acquisitions, and result in lower overall returns on our cash balances. There can be no assurance that any further stock repurchases will enhance stockholder value because the market price of our common stock may decline below the levels at which we repurchased shares of common stock. Although our stock repurchase program is intended to enhance long-term stockholder value, there is no guarantee we will be successful in achieving this objective.
Item 1B.
 Unresolv
ed Staff Comments.
None.
Item 1C. 
Cybersecurity
Our information security and cybersecurity program is based on a cybersecurity framework that is designed to protect against operational risks related to cybersecurity.

Cybersecurity Risk Management and Strategy

We recognize the importance of developing, implementing, and maintaining cybersecurity measures to safeguard our information systems and protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of company information, and data entrusted to us by our customers. We have 
implemented
 a cybersecurity program to assess, identify, and manage risks from cybersecurity threats that could adversely and materially affect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our information and information systems. We maintain administrative, technical, and physical controls designed to protect the security and privacy of confidential, personal, and proprietary information. We conduct regular assessments, measuring our exposure to cyber threats.  These assessments form the basis for our cyber risk program.  Threats and risks are identified from threat intelligence sources that include our vendors, industry, and government organizations.

Our 
Chief Information Security Officer (“CISO”)
 is responsible for overseeing and implementing our cybersecurity program and enforcing our cybersecurity policy.  We employ internal dedicated security personnel and also have contracted services delivered from a full-service Managed Security Service Provider. Our Chief Technology Officer (“CTO) oversees our day-to-day security operations, and our Chief Information Officer (“CIO”) oversees our secure development activities.   
The Board of Directors and the Audit Committee maintain oversight of the cybersecurity program to ensure risks to the Company are managed appropriately. Our cybersecurity program leverages people, processes, and technology to identify and respond to cybersecurity threats.  We have a Cybersecurity Incident Response Plan which contains processes and procedures related to security incident handling.

Our CISO leads our enterprise information security, privacy, and cybersecurity program, which is designed to (i) ensure the security, confidentiality, integrity and availability of our information and information systems; (ii) protect against any anticipated threats or hazards to the security, confidentiality, integrity or availability of such information and information systems; and (iii) protect against unauthorized access to or use of such information or information systems that could result in substantial harm or inconvenience to us, our partners or our customers.
 We 
have implemented an industry adopted cybersecurity framework, which is

20

continuously 
improving.  We continuously test and assess our cybersecurity posture, including through third-party risk assessments performed by reputable assessors, consultants, and auditors.  Additionally, we perform an annual evaluation of our cybersecurity program.

We also have vendor assessment processes to oversee, identify, and reduce the potential impact of a security incident at a third-party vendor, service provider or customer or otherwise implicating the third-party technology and systems we use. Our agreements with third parties may include various compliance requirements, data protection terms, audit or monitoring rights, and notification requirements in the event the third party experiences its own cybersecurity event.

We perform ongoing cybersecurity awareness training for our employees that reinforces our information security policies, standards and practices. In addition, employees receive periodic newsletters emphasizing awareness of new cybersecurity threats (e.g., phishing attempts, smishing, pretexting, and deep fakes). This training is mandatory for all employees and is supplemented with periodic social engineering tests.

We 
engage
 consultants to review our cybersecurity program to help identify areas for continued focus, improvement and compliance. Our processes also address 
cybersecurity risks associated with third-party service providers
, including those with access to our non-public or restricted data, including client data.

In the last three fiscal years, we have not experienced any 
material
 cybersecurity incidents or costs.
Cybersecurity Governance

As stated above, the 
Board of Directors and the Audit Committee maintain oversight of the cybersecurity program to ensure risks to the Company are managed appropriately.

Our CISO, who reports to the Chief Executive Officer, is responsible for providing annual updates to the Board of Directors and to executive leadership
.  In addition, our CISO partners closely with our CIO and CTO and their respective organizations to execute defined functions within our cybersecurity program.
  Our 
CISO, CIO, and CTO
 each report directly to the Chief Executive Officer who, as appropriate, will escalate any cybersecurity issues to the Board.  Our CISO and CIO both attend regular meetings with the executive officer team, including our Chief Execuctive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and other senior executive officers, and report on cybersecurity matters as appropriate. 
Our cybersecurity and IT leaders have extensive relevant work experience in various roles which includes developing cybersecurity strategy, implementing effective information and cybersecurity programs, and implementing cybersecurity and privacy solutions. Such leaders in our organization hold industry recognized certifications such as Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP), Certified Information Security Manager (CISM) and Global Information Assurance Certification (GIAC).
Item 2.
 Pr
operties.
The Company’s principal executive office is located in Fort Worth, Texas.  The Company entered into a lease for approximately 26,000 square feet for its headquarters, which expires in April 2028. The Company leases 61 branch offices in 40 states, which range in size from 200 square feet up to 26,000 square feet. The lease terms for the branch offices range from monthly to eight years and expire at various dates through 2031. In addition to its leased properties, the Company owns a 32,000 square foot building located in Milwaukie, Oregon, used as office space. The Company believes that its facilities are adequate for its current needs and that suitable additional space will be available as required to scale its business.

The Company’s lease agreements may include options to extend the lease following the initial term. At the time of adopting ASC 842, the Company determined that it was reasonably certain it would exercise the option to renew, and these options were considered in determining the initial lease term. The Company referred to its employees’ historical practices in determining the option to renew. The Company has since reassessed the assumption of the renewal term and determined that due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company now expects more of its workforce to either be regularly or permanently working from home.  Therefore, expecting a reduction in overall square footage of office space needs, the Company no longer believes it is reasonably certain it will exercise most of its options to renew, and therefore, has removed the renewal term of several lease obligations.