Item 3. Legal Proceedings
Please refer to Note 12. Commitments and Contingencies of the accompanying notes to our consolidated financial statements.
From time to time, we may become involved in legal proceedings or be subject to claims arising in the normal course of business. We may also become involved in other judicial, regulatory and arbitration proceedings concerning matters arising in connection with the conduct of our businesses. We are not presently party to any litigation that, if determined adversely to us, we believe would be likely to have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.
Future litigation may be necessary, among other things, to defend ourselves or our Partners in connection with determining the scope, enforceability, and validity of third-party proprietary rights or to establish our proprietary rights. The results of any litigation cannot be predicted with certainty, particularly in the areas of unsettled and evolving law in which we operate, and an unfavorable resolution in any legal proceedings could materially affect our future business, financial condition, or results of operations. Regardless of the outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources, and other factors.
Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosure
Not applicable.
65
Table of 
Contents
PART II
Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
Market Information for Common Stock
On June 23, 2022, our Class A Ordinary Shares and public warrants began trading on Nasdaq under the symbols “PGY” and “PGYWW,” respectively. Prior to this, no public market existed for our Ordinary Shares.
Holders of Record
Based on a review of the information provided to us by our transfer agent, as of December 31, 2024, there were 118 registered holders of our Ordinary Shares, 90 of which were United States registered holders, including Cede & Co., the nominee of The Depository Trust Company, holding approximately 73.5% of our outstanding Ordinary Shares. The number of record holders in the United States is not representative of the number of beneficial holders nor is it representative of where such beneficial holders are resident since many of these Ordinary Shares were held by brokers or other nominees.
Dividend Policy
Pagaya currently expects to retain all future earnings for use in the operation and expansion of its business and does not plan to pay any dividends on Pagaya Ordinary Shares in the near future. The declaration, payment and amount of any future dividends will be made at the discretion of the Pagaya Board and will depend upon, among other things, the results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, operating and capital requirements, and other factors as the Pagaya Board considers relevant. There is no assurance that future dividends will be paid, and if dividends are paid, there is no assurance with respect to the amount of any such dividend.
The distribution of dividends may also be limited by the Companies Law, which permits the distribution of dividends only out of retained earnings or earnings derived over the two most recent years, whichever is greater, based on audited or reviewed financial statements for a period of up to two years ended no more than six months prior to the date of distribution, provided that there is no reasonable concern that payment of a dividend will prevent a company from satisfying its existing and foreseeable obligations as they become due. Under the Pagaya Articles, dividend distributions may be determined by the Pagaya Board, without the need for shareholder approval. Payment of dividends may be subject to Israeli withholding taxes. See Exhibit 4.9 to this Annual Report and “
Certain Material Israeli Tax Considerations—Taxation of our shareholders
” for additional information.
Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers
Not applicable.
Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities
None.
Item 6. [Reserved]