Item 1A. Risk Factors
42
In early July 2024, Hurricane Beryl temporarily impacted our operations in Jamaica. Jamalco’s production facilities escaped significant damage, but the port facility was impacted by the storm, where a portion of the alumina conveyor was damaged. Jamalco's bauxite mining and alumina production joint venture returned to full production in July 2024. Jamalco secured alternative port arrangements to allow for alumina shipments to its customers while the repairs to the conveyor were ongoing. In September 2024, we resumed normal shipping operations at Jamalco’s Rocky Point port following the completion of repairs to the port.
On January 17, 2023, our wholly owned subsidiary, Mt. Holly Commerce Park LLC, entered into a binding agreement, subject to ordinary course conditions, to sell approximately 133 acres of land for approximately $28.5 million. On September 12, 2023, the Mt. Holly Land Sale Agreement was completed at a revised purchase price of $25.7 million. The proceeds from this sale are restricted to be used on capital expenditures. We previously formed the commerce park, located near our Mt. Holly smelter, to develop excess land at the site and to assist the county with bringing additional business and commerce to the area.
During 2021, we announced plans for construction of a new billet casthouse at Grundartangi. The Grundartangi casthouse project began in late 2021 and is primarily funded through the Casthouse Facility. The project was completed and began production in 2024.
In 2011, our Board of Directors approved a $60.0 million common stock repurchase program and subsequently increased this program by $70.0 million in the first quarter of 2015. Under the program, Century is authorized to repurchase up to $130.0 million of our outstanding shares of common stock, from time to time, on the open market at prevailing market prices, in block trades or otherwise. The timing and amount of any shares repurchased will be determined by our management based on its evaluation of market conditions, the trading price of our common stock and other factors. We made no repurchases during the years ended 2024, 2023, and 2022. As of December 31, 2024, we had $43.7 million remaining under the repurchase program authorization. The repurchase program may be expanded, suspended or discontinued by our Board, in its sole discretion, at any time.
In November 2009, Century Aluminum of West Virginia, Inc. ("CAWV") filed a class action complaint for declaratory judgment against the United Steel, Paper and Forestry, Rubber, Manufacturing, Energy, Allied Industrial and Service Workers International Union ("USW"), the USW’s local and certain CAWV retirees, individually and as class representatives ("CAWV Retirees"), seeking a declaration of CAWV’s rights to modify/terminate retiree medical benefits. Later in November 2009, the USW and representatives of a retiree class filed a separate suit against CAWV, Century Aluminum Company, Century Aluminum Master Welfare Benefit Plan, and various John Does with respect to the foregoing. On August 18, 2017, the District Court for the Southern District of West Virginia approved a settlement agreement in respect of these actions, pursuant to which, CAWV agreed to make payments into a trust for the benefit of the CAWV Retirees in the aggregate amount of $23.0 million over the course of ten years. Upon approval of the settlement, we paid $5.0 million to the aforementioned trust in September 2017 and agreed to pay the remaining amounts under the settlement agreement in annual increments of $2.0 million for nine years. At December 31, 2024, we had $2.0 million in other current liabilities and $1.6 million in other liabilities related to this agreement.
We are a defendant in several actions relating to various aspects of our business. While it is impossible to predict the ultimate disposition of any litigation, we do not believe that any of these lawsuits, either individually or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. See 
Note 17. Commitments and Contingencies
 to the consolidated financial statements included herein for additional information.
Capital Resources
We intend to finance our future capital expenditures from available cash, cash flow from operations and if necessary, borrowings under our existing revolving credit facilities. For major investment projects, we would likely seek financing from various capital and loan markets and may potentially pursue the formation of strategic alliances. We may be unable, however, to issue additional debt or equity securities, or enter into other financing arrangements on attractive terms, or at all, due to a number of factors including a lack of demand, unfavorable pricing, poor economic conditions, unfavorable interest rates, or our financial condition or credit rating at the time. Future uncertainty in the U.S. and international markets and economies may adversely affect our liquidity, our ability to access the debt or capital markets and our financial condition.
Capital expenditures incurred for the year ended December 31, 2024 were $82.3 million, including expenditures related to the Jamalco port repair and expenditures of $37.2 million associated with the Grundartangi casthouse project. We estimate our total capital spending in 2025 will be approximately $70 to $80 million related to our ongoing investment and sustainability projects at our plants. This amount includes $40.0 million, representing investments in our Jamalco facility.
43
Critical Accounting Estimates
Our significant accounting policies are described in 
Note 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
 to the consolidated financial statements. The preparation of the financial statements requires that management make judgments, assumptions and estimates in applying these accounting policies. Those judgments are normally based on knowledge and experience about past and current events and on assumptions about future events. Critical accounting estimates require management to make assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain at the time of the estimate and a change in these estimates may have a material impact on our financial position or results of operations. Significant judgments and estimates made by our management include expenses and liabilities related to inventories, pensions and other postretirement benefits ("OPEB"), deferred tax assets and property, plant and equipment. Our management has discussed the development and selection of these critical accounting estimates with the audit committee of our Board of Directors and the Audit Committee has reviewed our disclosure.
Inventories
Our inventories are stated at lower of cost or net realizable value ("NRV").
Our estimate of the market value of our inventories involves establishing a net realizable value for both finished goods and the components of inventory that will be converted to finished goods, raw materials and work in process. This requires management to use its judgment when making assumptions about future selling prices and the costs to complete our inventory during the period in which it will be sold.
Our assumptions are subject to inherent uncertainties given the volatility surrounding the market price for primary aluminum sales and the market price for our major inputs, alumina and electrical power. 
Although we believe that the assumptions used to estimate the market value of our inventory are reasonable, actual market conditions at the time our inventory is sold may be more or less favorable than management’s current estimates.
Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Liabilities
We sponsor several pension and OPEB plans. Our liabilities under these defined benefit plans are determined using methodologies that involve several actuarial assumptions, the most significant of which are the discount rate and the long-term rate of return on plan assets. We review our actuarial assumptions on an annual basis and make modifications to the assumptions when appropriate.
Discount Rate Selection
We select a discount rate for purposes of measuring obligations under defined benefit plans by matching cash flows separately for each plan to the yields on high-quality zero coupon bonds. We use the Ryan Above Median Yield Curve (the "Ryan Curve"). We believe the projected cash flows used to determine the Ryan Curve rate provide a good approximation of the timing and amounts of our defined benefit payments under our plans and no adjustment to the Ryan Curve rate has been made.
Weighted Average Discount Rate Assumption for:
2024
2023
Pension plans
5.99%
5.19%
OPEB plans
5.62%
5.19%
A change of a half percentage point in the discount rate for our defined benefit plans would have the following effects on our obligations under these plans as of December 31, 2024:
Effect of changes in the discount rates on the Projected Benefit Obligations for:
50 basis point increase
50 basis point decrease

(dollars in millions)
Pension plans
$
(13.3)
$
14.7 
OPEB plans
(2.9)
3.1 
44
Long-term Rate of Return on Plan Assets Assumption
Our expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is derived from our asset allocation strategies and anticipated future long-term performance of individual asset classes. Our analysis gives consideration to recent plan performance and historical returns; however, the assumptions are primarily based on long-term, prospective rates of return. The weighted average long-term rate of return on plan assets for our defined benefit pension plans is 7.28% for 2024.
Based on information provided by independent actuaries and other relevant sources, the Company believes that the assumptions used to estimate expenses, assets and liabilities of pensions and other postretirement benefits are reasonable; however, changes in these assumptions could impact the Company’s financial position, results of operations or cash flows.
Deferred Income Tax Assets
We regularly assess the likelihood that deferred tax assets will be recovered from future taxable income. To the extent we believe that it is more likely than not that a deferred tax asset will not be realized, a valuation allowance is established. The amount of a valuation allowance is based upon our best estimate of our ability to realize the net deferred tax assets. We have a valuation allowance of $504.4 million recorded against our net U.S. and Jamaican deferred tax assets and a portion of our Icelandic deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2024.
Property, Plant and Equipment Impairment
We review our property, plant and equipment for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of these assets (asset group) may not be recoverable. The carrying amount of the assets (asset group) is not recoverable if it exceeds the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the assets (asset group). In that case, an impairment loss would be recognized for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair value of the assets (asset group), with the fair value determined using a discounted cash flow calculation. These estimates of future cash flows include management’s assumptions about the expected use of the assets (asset group), the remaining useful life, expenditures to maintain the service potential, market and cost assumptions.
Determination as to whether and how much an asset is impaired involves significant management judgment involving highly uncertain matters, including estimating the future sales volumes, future selling prices and estimated raw material and conversion costs, alternative uses for the asset, and estimated proceeds from the disposal of the asset.
Business Combination
We account for business combinations using the acquisition method of accounting, which requires that once control is obtained, all the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, including amounts attributable to noncontrolling interests, are recorded at their respective fair values at the date of acquisition. The determination of fair values of identifiable assets and liabilities requires estimates and the use of valuation techniques when market value is not readily available. Significant estimates in valuing certain assets and liabilities assumed include, but are not limited to, the amount and timing of future cash flows, growth rates, discount rates and useful lives. The excess of the fair value of identifiable assets and liabilities acquired, excluding noncontrolling interest, over purchase price is recorded as a bargain purchase gain. 
Determining the fair value of identified assets acquired, liabilities assumed and noncontrolling interest requires judgment and involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions. If our assumptions or estimates in the fair value calculation change based on information that becomes available during the one-year period from the acquisition date, we may record adjustments to the net assets acquired. As purchase accounting is finalized, we have recorded the bargain purchase gain within the Consolidated Statements of Operations, and as a result, any subsequent adjustments will be recorded to earnings.
Inflation Reduction Act Manufacturing Production Credit
Our estimate of the Section 45X advanced manufacturing production tax credit is based on Final Regulations released by the U.S. Department of the Treasury and the Internal Revenue Service on October 24, 2024. Any changes to determinations of eligible production costs upon the final scope, terms and conditions of the Final Regulations could impact our estimate of eligible manufacturing production credits issued. A change in eligible costs of $10 million would impact our estimate by $1 million.
45
Recently Issued Accounting Standards Updates
Information regarding recently issued accounting pronouncements is included in 
Note 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
 to the consolidated financial statements included herein.
Item 7A.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk
Commodity Price and Raw Material Costs Sensitivities
Aluminum is an internationally traded commodity, and its price is effectively determined on the LME plus any regional premium (e.g. the Midwest premium for aluminum sold in the United States and the European Duty Paid premium for metal sold into Europe) and any value-added product premiums. From time to time, we may manage our exposure to fluctuations in the LME price of primary aluminum and/or associated regional premiums through financial instruments designed to protect our downside price risk exposure. From time to time, we also enter into financial contracts to offset fixed price sales arrangements with certain of our customers (the "fixed for floating swaps").
We are also exposed to price risk for our raw materials which are the largest components of our cost of goods sold. Certain of our raw materials are purchased based on published market prices. As a result, our cost structure is exposed to market fluctuations and price volatility. Because we sell our products based principally on the LME price for primary aluminum, regional premiums and value-added product premiums, we are not able to directly pass on increased production costs to our customers. From time to time, we may manage our exposure to fluctuations in our alumina costs by purchasing certain of our alumina requirements under supply contracts with prices tied to the same indices as our aluminum sales contracts (the LME price of primary aluminum).
Market-Based Power Price Sensitivity
Market-Based Electrical Power Agreements
Hawesville and Sebree have a market-based electrical power agreement with Kenergy and Century Marketer, LLC ("Century Marketer"), Century's wholly-owned subsidiary that acts as a MISO market participant. Under this agreement, Century Marketer purchases electrical power on the open market for resale to Kenergy, which then resells the power to Hawesville and Sebree at MISO energy pricing, plus transmission and other costs incurred by them. See