Item 1.  Business
Overview
Century Aluminum Company is a global producer of primary aluminum and operates aluminum reduction facilities, or "smelters," in the United States and Iceland. Aluminum is an internationally traded commodity, and its price is effectively determined on the London Metal Exchange (the "LME"), plus applicable regional and value-added product premiums. Our smelters produce standard-grade and value-added primary aluminum products. Our current annual production capacity is approximately 1,020,000 tonnes per year ("tpy"), of which approximately 308,000 tpy was curtailed as of 
December 31, 2024
. We produced approximately 690,000 tonnes of primary aluminum in 2024.
In addition to our primary aluminum assets, we have a 55% joint venture interest in the Jamalco bauxite mining operation and alumina refinery in Jamaica ("Jamalco"). The remaining 45% interest in Jamalco is indirectly owned by the Government of Jamaica. Century's share of Jamalco's production capacity is approximately 770,000 tpy. The Jamalco refinery supplies a substantial amount of the alumina used for production of primary aluminum at our aluminum smelter in Grundartangi, Iceland. We also own a carbon anode production facility located in the Netherlands ("Vlissingen"). Carbon anodes are consumed in the production of primary aluminum. Vlissingen supplies carbon anodes to our aluminum smelter in Grundartangi, Iceland. Each of our aluminum smelters in the United States produces anodes at on-site facilities.
At Century, we aim to provide innovative and reliable aluminum products to our customers, a safe and sustainable workplace for our people and the communities in which we operate, and a compelling value proposition for our stockholders. We seek to operate our businesses in a responsible manner by balancing the twin priorities of (i) maintaining a strong balance sheet across commodity cycles and (ii) making investments to lower our cost structure, expand our production capacity, and increase our competitiveness.
Century has invested significant capital in recent years to increase production and grow our product portfolio to include more value-added aluminum products to better serve our customers in the U.S. and Europe. We believe that our focus on lowering costs and decommoditizing our product line will enable us to deliver profitable long-term growth and differentiate us from overseas competitors with longer supply lines into the markets we serve.
We conduct our business with a focus on sustainability, including the health and safety of our people and the communities in which we operate. Through our Natur-Al
TM
 product line, we are able to provide our customers with world-class, low-carbon aluminum products that demonstrate our commitment to sustainability.
We operate our business through one reportable segment, primary aluminum. Additional information about our segment reporting and certain geographic information is available in 
Note 19. Business Segments
 to the consolidated financial statements included herein.
Century Aluminum Company is a Delaware corporation with our principal executive offices located at One South Wacker Drive, Suite 1000, Chicago, Illinois 60606.
Primary Aluminum Facilities
Overview of Facilities
We operate three U.S. aluminum smelters, in Hawesville, Kentucky ("Hawesville"), currently curtailed, Robards, Kentucky ("Sebree") and Goose Creek, South Carolina ("Mt. Holly"), and one aluminum smelter in Grundartangi, Iceland ("Grundartangi"). 
1
Our primary aluminum smelters and their respective primary aluminum capacities are shown in the following table:
Facility
Ownership Percentage
Operational
Annual Production Capacity (tpy) 
(1)
Actual 2024   Annual Production (tpy)
Grundartangi, Iceland
100%
1998
320,000
309,000
Hawesville, Kentucky, USA
100%
1970
250,000
—
Sebree, Kentucky, USA 
100%
1973
220,000
216,000
Mt. Holly, South Carolina, USA
100%
1980
230,000
165,000
1,020,000
690,000
(1)
The tonnes per year (tpy) figures in this column reflect an estimate of the facility's total production capacity based on plant design, historical operating results and operating efficiencies and does not necessarily represent each facility’s maximum production capability.
Grundartangi
The Grundartangi facility, located in Grundartangi, Iceland, is a primary aluminum smelter owned and operated by our wholly-owned subsidiary, Nordural Grundartangi ehf. Grundartangi is our most modern facility with a current production capacity of approximately 320,000 tonnes. Grundartangi produces standard-grade aluminum ingot and a value-added product called primary foundry alloy, which is sold at a premium to standard-grade aluminum.
In 2024, Century completed construction of a new billet casthouse at Grundartangi (the “Casthouse Project”). The new billet casthouse has the capacity to produce 150,000 tonnes of value-added billet. The Casthouse Project will also increase Grundartangi’s annual capacity to produce value-added primary foundry alloys from 60,000 tonnes of capacity to 120,000 tonnes of capacity. This incremental billet and primary foundry alloy capacity displaces standard-grade ingot production, raising expected total value-added product premiums for Grundartangi products. The billet produced at the Grundartangi casthouse is expected to be Natur-Al
TM  
branded billet, our low-carbon aluminum brand
.
Hawesville
Hawesville, located adjacent to the Ohio River near Hawesville, Kentucky, is a primary aluminum smelter owned by our wholly-owned subsidiary, Century Kentucky, Inc. ("CAKY"). Hawesville has an annual production capacity of approximately 250,000 tonnes of primary aluminum. In August 2022, we fully curtailed production at the Hawesville facility.  We continue to explore all options related to the Hawesville facility, and have engaged financial advisors and launched a formal process to evaluate strategic alternatives and potential value to help us in our overall evaluation of this asset . 
Sebree
Sebree, located adjacent to the Green River near Robards, Kentucky, is a primary aluminum smelter owned and operated by our wholly-owned subsidiary, Century Aluminum Sebree LLC ("Century Sebree"). Sebree has an annual production capacity of approximately 220,000 tonnes of primary aluminum. Sebree produces standard-grade aluminum that can be cast into sow and value-added products, including billet, that are sold at a premium to standard-grade aluminum or delivered directly to nearby customers as molten metal.
Mt. Holly
Mt. Holly, located in Goose Creek, South Carolina, is a primary aluminum smelter owned and operated by our wholly-owned subsidiary, Century Aluminum of South Carolina, Inc. ("CASC"). Mt. Holly has an annual production capacity of approximately 230,000 tonnes of primary aluminum. In December 2020, we began a multi-year project to restore previously curtailed capacity at Mt. Holly. The initial phase was completed in 2022 and returned annual active production capacity to approximately 172,000 MT per annum (75% of capacity). Any potential future restart of Mt. Holly's curtailed capacity will be made in the context of then-current market conditions 
Mt. Holly produces standard-grade aluminum that is cast into sow as well as several value-added products, including billet and foundry products. These value-added primary aluminum products are sold at a premium to standard-grade aluminum.
2
Primary Aluminum Shipment Volume
The following table shows our primary aluminum shipment volumes since 2020. 
Carbon Anode Production Facility
Vlissingen
In addition to our primary aluminum assets, we own a carbon anode production facility located in Vlissingen, Netherlands, which is owned and operated by our wholly-owned subsidiary, Century Aluminum Vlissingen B.V. Vlissingen has an annual carbon anode production capacity of approximately 163,000 tonnes. Vlissingen supplies anodes primarily to our Grundartangi smelter, meeting 93% to 98% of Grundartangi’s carbon anodes requirements at current production levels. Each of our smelters in the United States produces anodes at on-site facilities.
Bauxite Mining and Alumina Refining Facility
Jamalco
In May 2023, our wholly-owned subsidiary, Century Aluminum Jamaica Holdings, Inc., completed the acquisition of all the outstanding share capital of General Alumina Holdings Limited, the holder of a 55% interest in Jamalco,  an unincorporated joint venture with the Government of Jamaica through its controlled entity Clarendon Alumina Production Limited ("CAP"). Jamalco is engaged in bauxite mining and alumina refining in Jamaica. The Company's wholly-owned subsidiary, General Alumina Jamaica Limited, is the managing partner of the Jamalco joint venture. Jamalco has alumina production capacity of approximately 1.4 million tonnes, and produced approximately 1.1 million tonnes of alumina in 2024 and approximately 1.0 million tonnes of alumina in 2023. Refer to 
Note 2. Acquisition of Jamalco
 for further information.
3
Pricing
Pricing for primary aluminum products is typically comprised of three components: (i) the base commodity price, which is based on quoted prices on the LME, plus (ii) any regional premium (e.g., the Midwest premium for metal sold in the United States and the European Duty Paid premium for metal sold into Europe) plus

(iii) any value-added product premium. Our operating results are highly sensitive to changes in the LME price of primary aluminum and the amount of regional premiums and value-added product premiums. As a result, from time to time, we assess the appropriateness of mitigating the effects of fluctuations in the aluminum price through the use of fixed-price commitments, LME-linked supply contracts and other financial instruments. See 
Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk
 for further discussion of how we manage our exposure to market risk.
Customer
 Base
We have historically derived substantially all of our consolidated net sales of primary aluminum from a small number of customers. For the year ended December 31, 2024, we derived approximately 
59.1%
 of our consolidated sales from Glencore plc and its affiliates (together, "Glencore"). 
Glencore purchased aluminum produced at our U.S. smelters at prices based on the LME price for primary aluminum plus the Midwest premium plus any additional market-based product premiums. Glencore also purchased aluminum produced at our Grundartangi, Iceland smelter at prices based on the LME

plus the European Duty Paid premium plus any additional market-based product premiums. We have also entered into agreements with Glencore pursua
nt to which we sell certain amounts of alumina at market-based prices.
Glencore beneficially owns 42.9% of our outstanding common stock (45.8% on a fully diluted basis). See 
Note 4. Related Party Transactions
 to the consolidated financial statements included herein for additional information concerning our relationship with Glencore. We currently have agreements in place to sell a substantial portion of our 2025 production to Glencore. We expect that the rest of our 2025 customer base will remain fairly concentrated among a small number of customers under short-term contracts.
Key Production Costs
Alumina, electrical power, carbon products, labor, and other controllable costs are the principal components of our cost of production. These components together represented over 76% of our cost of goods sold for the year ended December 31, 2024. For a description of certain risks related to our raw materials, electrical power, labor and other key supplies, see