Item 3. Legal Proceedings
 and 
Note 17. Commitments and Contingencies 
to the consolidated financial statements included herein.
In the event of a dispute arising at our foreign operations, we may be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of foreign courts or arbitral panels, or may not be successful in subjecting foreign persons to the jurisdiction of courts or arbitral panels in the United States. Our inability to enforce our rights and the enforcement of rights on a prejudicial basis by foreign courts or arbitral panels could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial position.
The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 ("IRA") contains production tax credits for certain critical minerals, including aluminum. The Company's ability to benefit from Section 45X production tax credits is not guaranteed and is dependent upon the federal government's ongoing implementation, guidance, regulations, and/or rulemakings that have been the subject of substantial public interest and debate.
The IRA provides for substantial tax credits and incentives for the development of critical minerals (including aluminum),  among other provisions. Section 45X of the IRA contains a production tax credit equal to 10% of certain eligible production costs, including, without limitation, labor, energy, depreciation and amortization and overhead expenses. On October 24, 2024, the U.S. Department of the Treasury and the Internal Revenue Service released final rules to provide guidance on the production tax credit requirements under Internal Revenue Code Section 45X (the “Final Regulations”). The Final Regulations provide guidance on rules that taxpayers must satisfy to qualify for the Section 45X tax credit.
While Section 45X of the IRA provides for substantial tax benefits for Century, there is some uncertainty as to how certain provisions under the IRA will be interpreted and implemented. Furthermore, future legislative enactments or administrative actions could limit, amend, repeal, or terminate IRA policies or other incentives that the Company currently hopes to benefit from. Any reduction, elimination, or discriminatory application or expiration of the IRA may materially adversely affect the Company’s future operating results and liquidity.
Our $500 million funding from the U.S. Department of Energy (“DOE”) is subject to review and will be subject to negotiation of specific terms and contingent on our compliance with the requirements negotiated with the DOE.
On January 10, 2025, the Company entered into a Cooperative Agreement with the DOE’s Office of Clean Energy Demonstrations for up to $500 million in Bipartisan Infrastructure Law and Inflation Reduction Act (“Inflation Reduction Act”) funding to build a new aluminum smelter in the United States. Since that time, the issuance of certain Executive Orders, including the Unleashing American Energy Executive Order on January 20, 2025, has required an immediate pause in the disbursement of funds appropriated through the Inflation Reduction Act pending a 90-day review period. The Company is currently evaluating this Executive Order and other related memoranda to determine what, if any, impact they might have on or our previously announced DOE funding. If the DOE proceeds with our funding as planned, such funding will additionally remain subject to certain compliance obligations and other terms and conditions. 
As previously announced, the DOE funding will support the construction of a new aluminum smelter in the Mississippi/Ohio River basins, however to complete this project, we will need to obtain substantial additional financing, and there can be no assurance that such financing will be available on acceptable terms or at all. We may also seek additional government grants and incentive awards to support construction of the new aluminum smelter and our ability to obtain such additional grants or incentives in the future is subject to the availability of funds under applicable government programs and approval of our applications to participate in such programs. The application process for these grants and other incentives is highly competitive and we may not be successful in obtaining any additional grants, loans or other incentives.
Our ability to utilize certain net operating loss carryforwards to offset future taxable income may be significantly limited if we experience an "ownership change" under the Internal Revenue Code.
As of December 31, 2024, we had federal net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $1,571.2 million which could offset future taxable income. Our ability to utilize our deferred tax assets to offset future federal taxable income may be significantly limited if we experience an "ownership change" as defined in Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"). In general, an ownership change would occur if our "five-percent shareholders," as defined under the Code, collectively increase their ownership in us by more than fifty percentage points over a rolling three-year period. Future transactions in our stock that may not be in our control may cause us to experience such an ownership change and thus limit our ability to utilize net operating losses, tax credits and other tax assets to offset future taxable income.
22
Risks Related to Acquisitions 
Acquisitions could disrupt our operations and harm our operating results.
We have a history of making acquisitions and we expect to opportunistically seek to make acquisitions in the future. We are subject to numerous risks as a result of our acquisition strategy, including the following:
•
we may spend time and money pursuing acquisitions that do not close;
•
acquired companies may have contingent or unidentified liabilities;
•
it may be challenging for us to manage our existing business as we integrate acquired operations; and
•
we may not achieve the anticipated benefits or synergies from our acquisitions.
We are subject to numerous risks following the consummation of any acquisition, including, for example, that we may incur costs and expenses associated with any unidentified or potential liabilities, we may not achieve anticipated revenue and cost benefits from the acquisitions and unforeseen difficulties may arise in integrating the acquired operations into our existing operations. Accordingly, our past or future acquisitions might not ultimately improve our competitive position and business prospects as anticipated and may subject us to additional liabilities that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations and liquidity.
Risks Related to Stock Ownership in the Company
Glencore may exercise substantial influence over us, and they may have interests that differ from those of our other stockholders.
Glencore beneficially owns approximately 42.9% of our outstanding common stock and all of our outstanding Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. In addition, one of our seven directors is a Glencore employee. During the year ended December 31, 2024, we derived approximately 59.1% of our consolidated sales from Glencore and we expect to sell a significant portion of our production to Glencore in 2025. Century and Glencore enter into various transactions from time to time such as the purchase and sale of primary aluminum, purchase and sale of alumina and other raw materials, tolling agreements as well as forward financial contracts and borrowing and other debt transactions. Because of the interests described above, Glencore may have substantial influence over our business, and, to the extent of their ownership of our common stock, on the outcome of any matters submitted to our stockholders for approval.
In addition, certain decisions concerning our operations or financial structure may present conflicts of interest between Glencore and our other stockholders. For example, Glencore may in the future engage in a wide variety of activities in our industry that may result in conflicts of interest with respect to matters affecting us. Glencore may also make investments in businesses that directly or indirectly compete with us, or may pursue acquisition opportunities that may be complementary to our business and, as a result, those acquisition opportunities may not be available to us.
Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments
Not applicable.
Item 1C. Cybersecurity
Risk Management and Strategy
Century recognizes the importance of developing, implementing, and maintaining appropriate cybersecurity measures to safeguard our information systems and protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our data.
 The Board is actively involved in oversight of Century’s risk management program, and cybersecurity represents an important component of Century’s overall approach to enterprise risk management (“ERM”). Century’s cybersecurity policies, standards, processes and practices are based on recognized security frameworks and applicable industry standards. In general, Century seeks to address cybersecurity risks through a comprehensive approach that is focused on preserving the confidentiality, security and availability of the information that Century generates, collects and stores by identifying, preventing and mitigating cybersecurity threats and effectively responding to cybersecurity incidents when they occur.
23
As one of the critical elements of the Company’s overall ERM approach, the Company’s cybersecurity program is focused on the following key areas:
•
Governance: As discussed in more detail under the heading “Governance,” the Board’s oversight of cybersecurity risk management is supported by the Company’s Chief Information Officer, other members of Management and a dedicated Cybersecurity team.
•
Collaborative Approach: The Company has implemented a comprehensive approach to identifying, preventing and mitigating cybersecurity threats and incidents, while also implementing controls and procedures that provide for the prompt escalation of certain cybersecurity incidents so that decisions regarding the public disclosure and reporting of such incidents can be made by management in a timely manner.
•
Technical Safeguards: The Company deploys technical safeguards that are designed to protect the Company’s information systems from cybersecurity threats, including firewalls, intrusion prevention and detection systems, logical access controls, and endpoint protection, which are evaluated and improved through vulnerability assessments and cybersecurity threat intelligence.
•
Incident Response and Recovery Planning: The Company has established and maintains incident response and recovery plans that address the Company’s response to a cybersecurity incident.
•
Third-Party Risk Management
: 
The Company maintains a risk-based approach to identifying and overseeing cybersecurity risks presented by third parties, including vendors, service providers and other external users of the Company’s systems, as well as the systems of third parties that could adversely impact our business in the event of a cybersecurity incident affecting those third-party systems.
•
Network Penetration Testing: The Company performs an internal and external network penetration test led by its Internal Audit team and addresses any findings in a timely manner.
Risks from Cybersecurity Threats
On February 16, 2022, we became aware of a cybersecurity intrusion that caused a network disruption and impacted certain of our systems. Upon detection, we took steps to address the incident, including engaging both internal resources and a team of third-party experts to investigate and respond to this intrusion. While the February 2022 cybersecurity intrusion did not materially and adversely affect our results of operations, such events have the potential to have a material adverse effect on our business strategy, results of operations and financial condition, including by damaging or interrupting access to our information systems or networks, compromising confidential or otherwise protected information, destroying or corrupting data, or otherwise disrupting our operations. Such events could also damage our reputation and our competitive position and could result in litigation with third parties, regulatory action, loss of business, potential liability and increased remediation costs, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Such security breaches could also result in a violation of applicable U.S. and international privacy and other laws and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial position. See “Risk Factors - Risks Related to Cybersecurity - The failure of our information technology systems, network disruptions, cyber-attacks or other breaches in data security could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial position.”
Governance
Board of Directors Oversight
The Board as a whole also oversees the Company’s cybersecurity risks. Our Chief Information Officer updates the Board periodically regarding the actions management is taking to mitigate the Company’s cybersecurity risks and enhance the Company’s cybersecurity protection. Management routinely evaluates the Company’s existing security processes, procedures and systems in order to determine whether additional enhancements are needed to further reduce the likelihood and impact of a future cybersecurity event. Some of the Company’s current safeguards include multi-factor authentication for remote access to systems; performing email phishing test campaigns; email spam filtering; restricted internet firewall rules; limiting memory stick and external hard drive use; requiring timely application of security and software patches on servers; antivirus endpoint protection; performing 24-hour/7-day a week network monitoring; and improving our backup and recovery strategy, among others.
24
Management’s Role Managing Risk
The 
Chief Information Officer
, as well as other members of Management, plays a pivotal role in informing the Board on cybersecurity risks by providing comprehensive briefings to the Board on a regular basis.
 These briefings encompass a broad range of topics, including:
•
Current cybersecurity landscape and emerging threats;
•
Status of ongoing cybersecurity initiatives and strategies;
•
Overall security posture and layers of defense;
•
Incident reports and learnings from any cybersecurity events; and
•
Compliance with regulatory requirements and industry standards.
In addition to regularly scheduled meetings, the Board and the Chief Information Officer maintain an ongoing dialogue regarding emerging or potential cybersecurity risks.
 Together, they receive updates on any significant developments in the cybersecurity domain, ensuring the Board’s oversight is proactive and responsive. The Board actively participates in strategic decisions related to cybersecurity, offering guidance and approval for major initiatives. This involvement ensures that cybersecurity considerations are integrated into the broader strategic objectives of the Company. The Board conducts an annual review of the company’s cybersecurity posture and the effectiveness of its risk management strategies. This review helps in identifying areas for improvement and ensuring the alignment of cybersecurity efforts with the overall risk management framework.
Risk Management Personnel
Primary responsibility for assessing, monitoring and managing our cybersecurity risks rests with the Chief Information Officer. 
The Chief Information Officer has extensive experience working in and leading the Company's information systems.
 In addition, a dedicated Cybersecurity team, including the Chief Technology Officer and Cybersecurity Manager, provide regular updates to the Chief Information Officer.
Monitor Cybersecurity Incidents
The Chief Information Officer is continually informed about the latest developments in cybersecurity, including potential threats and innovative risk management techniques. This ongoing knowledge acquisition is crucial for the effective prevention, detection, mitigation, and remediation of cybersecurity incidents. The Chief Information Officer implements and oversees processes for the regular monitoring of our information systems. This includes the deployment of advanced security measures and regular system audits to identify potential vulnerabilities. In the event of a cybersecurity incident, the CIO is equipped with a well-defined incident response plan. This plan includes immediate actions to mitigate the impact and long-term strategies for remediation and prevention of future incidents.
Reporting to Board of Directors
The Chief Information Officer, in his capacity, regularly informs the Chief Financial Officer (CFO) and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of all aspects related to cybersecurity risks and incidents. This ensures that the highest levels of management are kept abreast of the cybersecurity posture and potential risks facing the Company. Furthermore, significant cybersecurity matters, and strategic risk management decisions are escalated to the 
Board of Directors
, ensuring that they have comprehensive oversight and can provide guidance on critical cybersecurity issues.
25