Item 1. Business
.

Founded in 1980, CCC is a leading Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) platform for the multi-trillion-dollar insurance economy powering operations for insurers, repairers, automakers, part suppliers, and more. CCC cloud technology connects more than 35,000 businesses digitizing mission-critical workflows, commerce, and customer experiences. A trusted leader in AI, customer experience, network and workflow management, CCC delivers technology that turns crucial moments into intelligent experiences, with the goal of shaping a world where life just works.

Our business has been built upon two foundational pillars: automotive insurance claims and automotive collision repair. For decades we have delivered leading software solutions to both the insurance and repair industries, including pioneering Direct Repair Programs (“DRP”) in the United States (“U.S.”) beginning in 1992. DRP connects auto insurers and collision repair shops to create business value for both parties, and requires digital tools to facilitate interactions and manage partner programs. Insurer-to-shop DRP connections have created a strong network effect for CCC’s platform, as insurers and repairers both benefit by joining the largest network to maximize opportunities. This has led to a virtuous cycle in which more insurers on the platform drives more value for the collision shops on the platform, and vice versa.

We believe we have become a leading insurance and repair SaaS provider in the U.S. by increasing the depth and breadth of our SaaS offerings over many years. Our insurance solutions help insurance carriers manage mission-critical workflows across the claims lifecycle, while building intelligent experiences for their customers. Our software integrates seamlessly with both legacy and modern systems and enables insurers to rapidly innovate on our platform. Our repair solutions help collision repair facilities achieve better performance throughout the collision repair cycle by digitizing processes to drive business growth, streamline operations, and improve repair quality. We have more than 300 insurers on our network, connecting with more than 30,500 repair facilities through our multi-tenant cloud platform. We believe our software is the architectural backbone of insurance DRP systems and is a primary driver of material revenue for our collision repair shop customers and a source of material efficiencies for our insurance carrier customers.

Our platform is designed to solve the “many-to-many” problem faced by the insurance economy. There are numerous internally and externally developed insurance software solutions in the market today, with the vast majority of applications focused on insurance-only use cases and not on serving the broader insurance ecosystem. We have prioritized building a leading network around our automotive insurance and collision repair pillars to further digitize interactions and maximize value for our customers. We have tens of thousands of companies on our platform that participate in the insurance economy, including insurers, repairers, parts suppliers, and automotive manufacturers. Our solutions create value for each of these parties by enabling them to connect to our vast network to collaborate with other companies, streamline operations, and reduce processing costs and dollars lost through claims management inefficiencies or claims leakage. Expanding our platform has added new layers of network effects, further accelerating the adoption of our software solutions.

We have processed more than $1 trillion of historical data across our network, allowing us to build proprietary data assets that leverage insurance claims, vehicle repair, automotive parts and other vehicle-specific information. We believe we are uniquely positioned to provide data-driven insights, analytics, and AI-enhanced workflows that strengthen our solutions and improve business outcomes for our customers. Our AI solutions streamline existing insurance and repair processes including vehicle damage detection, claim triage, claim handling, repair estimating, intelligent claim review, and claim subrogation. We deliver real-world AI with more than 100 U.S. auto insurers and more than 10,000 U.S. collision repairers actively using AI-powered solutions in production environments.

One of the primary obstacles facing the insurance economy is increasing complexity which is driven by technological advancements, supply-chain disruption, social inflation, medical inflation, and Internet-of-Things (IOT) data. We believe digitization plays a critical role in managing this growing complexity while meeting consumer expectations. Our technology investments are focused on digitizing complex processes and interactions across our ecosystem, and we believe we are well positioned to power the insurance economy of the future with our data, network, and platform.

While our position in the insurance economy is grounded in the automotive insurance sector, the largest Property & Casualty (P&C) insurance sector in the U.S. representing nearly half of P&C Direct Written Premiums (“DWP”), we believe our integrations and cloud platform are capable of driving innovation across the broader insurance economy. Our customers are increasingly looking for CCC to expand its solutions to other parts of their business where they can benefit from our technology, service, and partnership. In response, we are investing in new solutions that we believe will enable us to digitize the entire automotive claims lifecycle, and over time expand into adjacencies including other insurance lines. For example, CCC’s acquisition of EvolutionIQ in January 2025 added claims solutions in disability and workers’ compensation insurance lines to CCC's solution suite.

We have strong customer relationships in the end-markets we serve, and these relationships are a key component of our success given the long-term nature of our contracts and the interconnectedness of our network. We have customer agreements with more than 300 insurers (including carriers, self-insurers and other entities processing insurance claims), including 26 of the top 30 automotive insurance carriers in the U.S., based on DWP, and hundreds of regional carriers. We have more than 35,000 total customers, including more than 30,500 automotive collision repair facilities (including repairers, and other entities that estimate damaged vehicles), more than 5,500 parts suppliers, 12 of the top 15 automotive manufacturers, based on new vehicle sales, and numerous other companies that participate in the insurance economy.

Insurance Economy

Insurance is one of the largest global industries. The U.S. P&C insurance industry alone serviced approximately $850 billion in DWP in 2023. Insurance is a necessity for the majority of businesses and consumers, and, as a result, the insurance industry has seen steady long-term growth.

Insurers face a number of challenging market dynamics in today’s environment, including increasing customer expectations, social inflation, medical inflation, emerging technologies, labor shortages, and other cost pressures. Insurers are often reliant on legacy on-premise systems to assist with policy and claims adjustments and processing, which can be inflexible and costly to maintain, challenging their ability to innovate and respond to market dynamics.

5

Further complicating matters, the insurance industry is dependent on the insurance economy, an interconnected economy of industries that interact to service, underwrite, finance, and repair insured assets. Insurance carriers invest in data, systems, services and partnerships to manage the many required collaboration points across these industries. To deliver end-to-end digital workflows and intelligent experiences, intuitive technology that extends beyond insurance organizations and include its supporting economy is critical in order to enable the many interactions and handoffs required to process insurance events.

In the automotive insurance sector, which represents nearly half of the U.S. P&C insurance industry, processing a single event, such as a claim, can require hundreds of micro-transactions across the insurance economy, involving consumers, lenders, collision repair facilities, automotive manufacturers, dealers, parts suppliers, medical providers, vehicle tow providers, vehicle auctions, and others. These transactions depend on extensive hyper-local decisions and data, creating a level of complexity that can increase processing costs as well as the potential for fraud and other forms of claims leakage. For automotive claims, the end result is approximately two billion days of cumulative claims cycle time (loss date to claim completion date) in the U.S. each year. For our insurance partners, cycle time is costly, which is one reason why, as of 2024, CCC’s platform is relied upon by 26 of the top 30 auto insurers in the U.S. based on DWP to digitize complexity and improve business outcomes.

The complexity seen in one auto claim grows exponentially more difficult to manage at scale, and complexity is continuing to increase across the insurance economy. In the automotive sector, this is due to several converging factors including, without limitation:

•
Vehicle parts proliferation
: Repairable parts per auto claim have increased more than 50% since 2013

•
Internal technology systems
: The average lines of software code per new vehicle doubled from 100 million in 2015 to 200 million in 2020

•
Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (“ADAS”) and diagnostics systems
: The number of vehicles receiving a diagnostic scan as part of a collision repair has increased more than 3,000% since 2017

•
Vehicle damage severity from collisions
: Since 2019, the cost to repair vehicles damaged in automotive claims has increased 40%

•
Social inflation
: Social inflation describes insurance claims cost increases that exceed inflation due to social, legal, and economic factors that increase the liability of insurers. Social inflation increased liability claims in the U.S. by 57% in the past decade, primarily due to a rising number of large court verdicts.

We believe the only way to effectively manage increasing complexity is through digitization. Since our inception over forty years ago, we have focused our technology on what we believe to be our customers’ most complex problems. We have digitized total loss valuations, repair estimates, DRP programs, shop management functions, repair workflows, medical claims, parts ordering, subrogation, payments, and much more. In the process, we have built integrations and facilitated partnerships that enable information sharing across our vast network of customer companies. Our solutions are well-suited for the next wave of complexity, and we believe these trends will continue to accelerate adoption of CCC’s platform and applications.

Our Approach

Serving as the platform for the insurance economy is a significant challenge that CCC is uniquely positioned to address. We believe our proprietary data and network assets, combined with our track record of innovation on our cloud platform, differentiates us from other potential platform companies. Our approach is to continue to innovate and expand our solutions to create value for the insurance economy.

CCC’s foundation for innovation is built upon decades of data and extensive network assets. We have deep proprietary data assets and more than $1 trillion of historical data, enabling us to provide insights, analytics, and AI-driven workflows. Our leading network was built company-by-company, and spans the insurance economy, giving us the ability to deploy cross-market solutions and create seamless customer experiences. We believe our data and network assets are highly differentiated and very difficult to replicate.

6

Our innovative cloud-based applications provide the insurance economy with the capabilities required to manage their businesses, optimize decision making, and digitize intricate workflows. We have a proven Research & Development (R&D) engine with a strong track record of software innovation and deployment on our cloud platform. CCC’s innovations are helping to deliver intelligent claims experiences to the insurance economy.

We believe our ability to rapidly innovate and deploy new software solutions via our cloud technology platform, along with our depth of data and leading network, sets us apart from the competition. The key benefits we deliver for our customers include:

•
Multi-tenant public cloud platform enabling flexibility and innovation
: CCC’s platform operates in a secure multi-tenant public cloud environment, with over 843,000 registered users and 5.2 billion database transactions processed per day. Our platform enables us to innovate in response to new market trends and customer needs and rapidly deploy new solutions to our more than 35,000 customers. We continuously enhance existing solutions and bring new solutions to market, deploying more than 1,900 software releases in 2024.

•
Deep domain expertise
: With decades of experience serving the insurance economy, we have developed a deep understanding of the industries and ecosystem we serve. Our domain expertise enables us to offer tailored solutions to help our customers achieve their business objectives. We understand the importance of the role we play as the independent party facilitating interactions across various ecosystem participants, and as a result, we have developed deep and trusting relationships with our customers. We are well positioned to enable cross-market programs and partnerships and have a decades-long history playing this role. Our business is led by a deep and experienced management team with a customer-centric mindset.

•
Long-term customer relationships
: Over several decades we have developed strong relationships with leading insurers, collision repair groups, and automotive manufacturers, among others. We are a trusted partner to our clients, which allows us to collaborate and adapt our business based on customer feedback and changing expectations to stay ahead of our competition.

•
Network access
: CCC’s cloud platform is used by more than 35,000 companies, including insurers, repairers, automotive manufacturers, parts suppliers, and others. Integrating to CCC’s platform unlocks real-time cloud connections across our ecosystem, enabling customers to digitize workflows that are otherwise cumbersome and costly. Our network processes more than 500 million interface transactions each year where information is passed from one network participant to another; for example, from an insurer to a repair facility.

•
Proven R&D engine
: We invest heavily in R&D efforts and are committed to delivering market-leading technology for the insurance economy. In recent years, our innovation efforts have focused on Cloud and AI technology, and we have released several new solutions incorporating AI to deliver intelligent customer experiences and enable automation. We deploy real-world AI solutions at enterprise scale. Our AI solutions combine our data assets with proprietary frameworks to improve user experiences and workflows, resulting in reduced processing costs and leakage for our customer base. Today, CCC has developed more than 300 AI models, some of which are in use across more than 100 insurers, and more than 10,000 repair facilities.

•
Proprietary data assets
: CCC’s platform has processed more than $1 trillion of historical data, enabling us to deliver unique analytics and insights for our customers leveraging our deep proprietary data assets. Our platform allows customers to make optimal decisions by incorporating event-specific factors, local geographic factors, and historical data. Database solutions and corresponding rules engines can be configured and adjusted in real-time based on business needs and market trends.

•
Enterprise scale and suppo
rt: We process more than $100 billion of transactions annually for our more than 35,000 customers, delivering mission-critical SaaS solutions that our customers can count on. Since January 2020, CCC’s systems have achieved 99.91% uptime on average, giving our customers the confidence to depend on CCC’s performance. We have dedicated implementation and training teams, and have proven success in implementing solutions for leading insurance carriers and thousands of small businesses.

Our Growth Strategy

We intend to extend our position as the leading provider of SaaS solutions for the insurance economy. The key components of our strategy are:

•
Growing our customer base
: Our customers span the insurance economy, and we believe we have significant opportunity to continue to grow our customer base by targeting key new accounts and expanding our sales and marketing capabilities. We believe there is ample opportunity to add new customers within the U.S., where our business is most established.

•
Deepening relationships with existing customers
: We seek to grow our revenue base with existing customers primarily by selling additional software subscriptions. We regularly launch new solutions and have a proven track record of cross-selling software across our customer segments, as well as up-selling customers based on package and feature upgrades. We intend to build upon strong customer relationships and access to key customer decision makers to increase software adoption and usage.

•
Expanding the breadth of our solutions
: Our long-term focus is to digitize all P&C insurance economy workflows, targeting processing costs and leakage. In 2024, our R&D spend was 21% of revenue; however, including the impact of capitalized time related to internal use software, our total spend was 26% of revenue on R&D with a primary focus on technology leadership and continuous innovation. In 2024, we launched offerings that expanded the depth and breadth of our solutions across several areas including repair estimating with CCC Build Sheets, repair estimating reinspection with CCC Intelligent Reinspection, and repair back office with CCC Payroll.

•
Broadening our network ecosystem
: We have a large network of companies on our platform that are dependent on the insurance economy and derive value from connecting to others across the ecosystem through CCC. The breadth and depth of our platform creates 

7

network effects that accelerate the demand for our software solutions. We intend to extend our network of companies, including customers and ecosystem partners, to enhance our value proposition and create new market growth opportunities.

•
Growing our geographic footprint
: We believe there is significant opportunity outside of the U.S by expanding our solutions in other markets across the world, which we expect to pursue over time.

•
Pursuing acquisitions
: We have acquired and integrated numerous businesses throughout CCC’s history. In 2022, we acquired Safekeep and integrated their digital subrogation capabilities into CCC’s suite of insurance solutions. In January 2025, we completed the acquisition, announced in December 2024, of EvolutionIQ, Inc. (“EvolutionIQ”), the leading AI guidance platform for disability and injury claims management, with claims solutions spanning disability and workers’ compensation lines of business. We intend to continue to pursue targeted acquisition opportunities to accelerate our business strategy and growth through solution, market, or geographic expansion.

Our Solutions

We provide an integrated suite of software applications built on our cloud platform to serve the insurance economy, including insurance, repair, and other end-markets. Our SaaS solutions are sold individually or in packages, depending on the specific solution and end-market.

CCC Insurance Solutions

CCC’s solutions help insurers digitize processes, from customer intake to claim resolution, while building intelligent experiences for their customers. Many of our solutions leverage the power of the CCC network by facilitating ecosystem interactions required to complete insurer processes. All of our insurance solutions are cloud-based SaaS solutions that power critical carrier workflows. Our insurance solutions represent approximately 48% of our 2024 total revenues, with 93% of that representing software revenue and 7% representing other revenue. Our key insurance solutions include:

•
CCC Workflow
: Our suite of workflow tools support end-to-end digital insurance workflows, from customer intake to claim resolution. Our solutions enable mobile experiences, modern communications, configurable workflows, and network integrations, all while empowering insurers to seamlessly customize and configure solutions to meet unique business needs. Our solutions support critical claims processes, including claims documentation, photo capture, repair scheduling, and two-way text communications. Our workflow solutions leverage sophisticated rules engines and AI to automate and customize routing, review, and approval processes. For example, CCC Intelligent Reinspection, launched in 2024, expands the capabilities of workflow review processes by leveraging AI to identify priority claims 
for repair estimate reinspection, and providing reason codes based on insurer rules. 
Our network management capability powers insurance DRPs, enabling insurers to seamlessly connect and collaborate with repair facilities and other companies to provide accurate and timely information about a claim flow from the right party at the right time.

•
CCC Estimating
: Our insurance automotive repair estimating solution is built on CCC’s proprietary estimating database that has been cultivated for decades to deliver best-in-class repair estimating data and decision making. CCC estimating innovations have enabled virtual inspections using consumer photos, integrated to CCC’s portal. Estimates are further automated by AI that combines machine learning and estimating logic to predict repair requirements, suggest estimate lines, and generate fast baseline estimates. Our Estimate – STP solution takes estimate automation to the next level by combining AI, digital workflows, data, and partner connections to automatically initiate and populate detailed estimates within seconds. The outcome is actionable estimates with line-level detail, including parts, labor operations and hours, and taxes. Our estimating solutions accelerate auto physical damage estimation to reduce costs and cycle time for our customers.

8

•
CCC Total Loss
: Total loss solutions enable our insurance customers to identify, value, and resolve total loss automotive claims digitally. We deliver valuations representing a vehicle’s fair market value based on CCC’s market-driven valuation methodology and provide insurers with information to make total loss determinations. Our Fee Calculator solution enables insurance companies to identify and include certain title, registration, and license plate fees, based on information provided by the insurer.

•
CCC Casualty
: Personal injuries resulting from automotive accidents lead to casualty claims, which require insurers to process medical bills and demand packages for first and third-party claims, respectively. Our casualty solutions automate and expedite casualty claims processing by applying intelligent rules based on insurer-specific parameters to process casualty claims data quickly and segment payment-ready bills from those that the insurer wants to review. CCC Negotiation Solutions allows carriers to seamlessly refer medical bills through integrated, third-party supported, negotiation services. Negotiation referral results are returned to CCC’s platform where carriers can apply adjustments and finalize casualty claim evaluations. Our tools and services modernize a manual, paper-burdened system with a comprehensive, configurable experience to help insurers make timely, consistent payments across bill types, and provide analytics dashboards to visualize trends and industry benchmarks.

•
CCC Subrogation
: In subrogation, insurance companies work with one another to resolve claims settlements when a first-party carrier seeks compensation from a third-party carrier whose insured is partially or wholly at fault for a claim paid out to the first-party claimant. CCC’s outbound subrogation solutions automate subrogation opportunity identification for carriers by applying AI and Natural Language Processing (“NLP”) to claims data. Our outbound solutions digitize subrogation workflows including the creation and distribution of demand packages with third-party carriers that include supporting evidence for subrogation claims. CCC Inbound Subrogation applies AI and NLP, along with historical CCC estimate data, to incoming subrogation demands. Our inbound solution enables insurance carriers to rapidly ingest, respond, and settle demands with other carriers. CCC’s subrogation solutions can apply to multiple lines of insurance, including automotive, property, and workers’ compensation.

•
CCC Automotive Claim Handling
: Claim handling is typically performed by claims adjusters who work closely with insured parties who are experiencing a claim to ensure a timely and accurate claim resolution. CCC First Look can be used by automotive claims adjusters to capture claim information digitally by ingesting photos from various sources, including consumers and salvage providers. AI is applied to validate photos and inform routing and workflow decisions, including determining total loss and casualty potential. Photos and other relevant information can also be shared with partner repair facilities to further expedite claims processing and repair activities.

•
Disability Claim Handling
: CCC’s acquisition of EvolutionIQ in January 2025 adds claim handling solutions for disability insurance lines, including the use of next best action claims guidance for disability insurance. Claims guidance solutions help claims professionals take next best actions to optimize claimant interactions and claim resolution, enabling injured and disabled workers to return to the workforce more quickly. Disability claims adjusters manage hundreds of claims at one time, with each claim consisting of dozens of pages of documents. EvolutionIQ’s claims guidance solutions leverage AI to help uncover insights and guide claims professionals to next best actions for the claims in their queue based on their configurations and rules, in turn improving short-term disability return-to-work rate, short-term to long-term disability conversion, and long-term disability return-to-work-rate. In addition, EvolutionIQ offers a medical summarization solution, Medhub, which decodes medical documents, helps insurers more quickly understand claims, and accelerates decisions with AI-driven insights. 

•
Workers’ Compensation Claim Handling
: Evolution IQ’s claims guidance and medical summarization solutions also apply to workers’ compensation insurance lines, allowing workers’ compensation claims adjusters to manage claim duration, facilitate return-to-work, and intercept ineligible claims.

CCC Repair Solutions

CCC’s solutions help automotive collision repairers achieve better repair facility performance, from lead generation through repair completion and payment. Our platform improves every stage and level of the collision repair cycle, combining key business operations into one solution to drive more business, improve repair quality, simplify operations, and exceed consumer expectations for our collision facility customers. Collision repairers use our platform to connect with the industry’s leading network of partners and suppliers across the insurance and repair ecosystem. Our repair solutions represented approximately 44% of our 2024 total revenues, with nearly 100% of that representing software revenue. Our key repair solutions include:

•
CCC Estimating
: Our collision repair estimating solution is built on CCC’s proprietary database that enables repair estimate creation while connecting repairers to real-time parts pricing and availability, Original Equipment Manufacturer (“OEM”) repair procedures, and insurer guidelines. Repairers can capture photos and repair information at the vehicle with CCC Estimating’s mobile application and collaborate on repair estimates digitally with insurance partners. Users have access to our network of insurers and their corresponding requirements, which can accelerate estimate reviews and supplemental requests. Our CCC Build Sheets solution 
provides collision repairers with detailed vehicle specifications based on the Vehicle Identification Number (
“
VIN
”
), helping them write more complete estimates the first time and better understand the parts needed for the repair. 
Our Estimating-IQ enhancement incorporates AI into the repair estimating application to provide repairers with a jump start on estimating by applying machine learning to prepopulate estimates with parts and labor operations based on photos of vehicle damage and individual repair facility configurations. Our estimating solutions help reduce errors and improve cycle time for collision repairers and their partners.

•
CCC Network Management
: We provide software solutions that power collaboration between repairers and insurers. Our technology facilitates the majority of the automotive insurance DRP in the U.S. Participating repairers benefit from our connected technology platform that allows them to receive repair assignments and collaborate with partner insurers throughout the repair process, delivering on program metrics that drive their business. We also provide tools that allow repair Multi Store Operators (“MSOs”) to manage performance, metrics, and compliance across their repair facility network.

9

•
CCC Repair Workflow
: Repair workflow is the industry’s leading repair management tool that enhances productivity and simplifies operations for thousands of repair facilities. Repairers can schedule and track vehicle repair status, capture diagnostics data, assign tasks, and manage productivity across their operation. Configurable dashboards provide visibility into performance. Repairers can also streamline repair management leveraging CCC’s real-time parts ordering platform, selecting parts from multiple vendors through a single shopping cart and invoice. CCC repair workflow solutions also integrate customer interactions. CCC Amplify helps collision repairers build and launch customized websites through the CCC ONE platform, with integrated shop information, to support online presence and lead generation efforts. CCC Engage helps collision repairers attract qualified leads and simplify the estimate process by initiating appointment and estimate creation online. CCC Engage integrates into participating insurer workflows for direct appointment scheduling through insurer channels. CCC repair workflow solutions also enable integrated customer-to-shop payments, automatically storing payment records and simplifying reconciliation.

•
CCC Repair Quality
: We provide advanced solutions to help repairers deliver quality repairs. Our repair procedures provide technicians with a single source for data-driven insights to assist them in conducting thorough, consistent repairs, reducing the need for multiple subscriptions and enabling access to current OEM guidelines and processes. Our checklist solutions enable documentation of standard operating procedures and tracking of performance which allows repair facility managers to identify areas for improvement. CCC Diagnostics is a two-part solution that connects repairers to a network of industry leading diagnostic service providers, and enables repairers to properly document and bill diagnostic operations based on repairer-defined rules. The combined solution simplifies service initiation, documentation, and reporting with integrated functionality that creates transparency for insurers to validate completed service events.

•
CCC Payroll
: CCC repair solutions are expanding to support more of repair facilities' back and business office functions with the 
launch of CCC Payroll, a new solution designed to streamline payroll management for collision repair shops. Integrated into the CCC ONE platform, CCC Payroll enables shops to track production and labor, and streamline payroll within a single system, simplifying the payroll process from start to finish and giving employees greater visibility into how their pay is calculated. Labor data from CCC ONE combines with repair order tracking to generate precise, transparent calculations for each staff member as well as real-time pay tracking via a mobile application.

CCC Ecosystem and Other Solutions

CCC offers enterprise solutions that support multiple customer segments, along with specific solutions tailored to other segments of the insurance ecosystem, including parts suppliers, automotive manufacturers, and diagnostics service providers. These solutions extend the CCC network and create value for companies connecting to our platform to improve business outcomes. Other ecosystem solutions represent approximately 7% of our 2024 total revenue, with 92% of that representing software revenue and 8% representing other revenue. Some of CCC’s other ecosystem solutions include:

•
CCC Parts Solutions
: Our parts platform allows automotive parts wholesale dealers, aftermarket parts suppliers, and parts recyclers to make their inventory available to our collision repair and insurance networks in real-time. Using this platform, participating customers are able to give their parts maximum visibility at the moment when repairers are using CCC software to write their repair estimates. This enables parts providers to display their parts inventory and promotional pricing, while automating order processing, invoicing, and settlement.

•
CCC Automotive Manufacturer Solutions
: We offer a range of automotive manufacturer solutions that give access to our network, enable repair quality, and leverage telematics vehicle data to create valuable efficiencies across insurance and repair workflows. CCC OEM Net provides a network management platform to automotive manufacturers including collaboration tools, repair certification capabilities, and reporting dashboards that empower data-driven management of OEM-certified repair shop networks. We enable the integration of up-to-date OEM repair methods and diagnostics trouble codes into our platform to give our network of repair facilities and technicians the tools to execute a proper repair. Auto manufacturers also benefit from CCC Parts through analytics and the ability to offer promotional pricing to their shops and dealers.

•
CCC Diagnostics Service Provider Solutions
: Our repair diagnostics platform allows companies that provide diagnostics, calibration, and programming service solutions to connect to the CCC Diagnostics repair network. Service provider integrations allow repair facilities to capture and document scan information in CCC workfiles, streamlining diagnostics processes. Repairers using the solution can share results of a vehicle scans and calibrations with consumers and participating insurers within CCC Repair Workflow.

•
CCC Payments
: 
Our enterprise payments platform enables electronic payment flows via third-party payment processing partners for companies across the P&C insurance economy. CCC payments functionality is designed to integrate into existing CCC applications, presenting payment information within existing workflows. The solution is initially focused on insurer outbound payments, where it enables payments across lines of business. Recipients of payments only need to enter their payment information once to have it seamlessly deployed across the CCC network, making it easy to activate electronic payments at scale. Our payments platform reduces administrative costs and cycle time while improving customer satisfaction
.

CCC International Solutions

CCC provides insurance claims software to some of the largest automotive insurers in China. Our software solutions are tailored for the Chinese market, and include workflow, estimating, audit and analytics solutions. We are assessing other international market expansion opportunities by evaluating partnerships and acquisitions of strategic assets. Our international solutions represent approximately 1% of our 2024 total revenue, with 100% of that representing software revenue.

Our Technology

10

CCC has been a technology leader in the P&C insurance economy for several decades and has a strong track record of innovation. We were one of the leaders in the transition to cloud services, launching our initial CCC cloud capabilities beginning in 2003. Today, our solutions are powered by our secure multi-tenant public cloud. Our cloud architecture creates several benefits for our customers and partners across the insurance economy, including:

•
Ease of implementation
: We are able to implement solutions rapidly and cost-effectively, with average customer implementations taking less than three months. Implementations are performed by CCC’s service operations and training teams, and rarely require the support of external consultants. We utilize an Application Programming Interface (“API”) framework to integrate to our customers’ existing systems, enabling CCC’s solutions to perform high-value workflows without disrupting existing business processes.

•
Flexibility
: Our solutions are highly flexible, enabling customers to deploy our software in various ways to meet their needs. For example, our insurer mobile services can be integrated into customer applications via Software Development Kits (“SDK”), deployed via HTML5, or enabled by API calls. In addition, customers can configure and adjust rules based on business outcomes, which can be deployed in real-time via the CCC cloud. For example, our configurable carrier workflow allows insurers to design custom workflows that create differentiated experiences and adjust parameters to deliver targeted results.

•
Innovation
: We invest heavily in R&D and continuously bring new innovative solutions to market. For existing customers with integrations to CCC’s platform, new solutions can be deployed into production environments as soon as configuration and training is complete, enabling our customers to keep up with rapidly changing industry trends and consumer expectations. We continuously update and enhance our software, deploying more than 1,900 releases in 2024, with a software release quality success rate averaging more than 96% since 2020.

•
Security and Quality
: CCC’s software suite is provided as SaaS hosted in multiple geographically diverse hosting locations with data replication between primary hosting locations and secondary locations in near real-time. CCC protects its services through a series of layered security controls and services, including but not limited to strong authentication, privileged access controls, malware detection and prevention controls, enhanced threat detection and response, secure application development controls, controls for data at rest, and in transmission, threat and prevention testing, software vulnerability disclosure program, benchmarking and 24x7 Security Operations Center monitoring. 

•
Availability and Uptime
: CCC’s application environment is designed for high availability utilizing redundant databases, servers, network components, and storage, which maximizes availability through a network architecture designed to compartmentalize web, application, and database layers. Since January 2020, CCC system availability has been 99.91%.

Our technology infrastructure offers proven performance at enterprise scale and is designed to support the future needs of our industry as data continues to proliferate. As of year-end 2024, we processed more than 375 terabytes of network traffic and execute nearly 5.2 billion database transactions each day. We have invested in hyperscale infrastructure, enabling us to effectively process and store extremely large amounts of information, photos, videos, and driving data. For example, we receive, process, and store nearly 800 million photos each year.

Our application layer delivers solutions to a base of more than 843,000 registered users. CCC applications power end-to-end customer experiences, digital workflows, AI, network management, and telematics capabilities across the markets we serve. Our AI approach is based on automated deep learning and parallel processing of mathematical models. This comprehensive approach to data science allows us to continuously improve the accuracy of existing models and release new models that automate time consuming workloads.

Network integrations across more than 300 insurers, approximately 30,500 repair facilities, the majority of OEMs and thousands of other ecosystem participants unlock the power of the CCC platform. Our network creates tremendous value for our customers, is not easily replicated, and sets us apart from other vertical software companies. We believe that integrating to the insurance economy is the only way to deliver full end-to-end digital workflows across insurance processes. Today we enable more than 500 million interface transactions each year.

Research and Development

Our market leading research and development efforts focus on enhancing our solutions to meet the complex requirements of our customers with a focus on capabilities, operational efficiency, security, and privacy in the cloud. In addition, we invest in new solutions that expand the breadth of our software offerings and create new capabilities for our customers, leveraging current technologies. Our research and development efforts are intended to help our customers improve their operations; drive improved digital experience with their customers and business partners; and gather, store, and analyze data to improve business decisions. We also invest significantly in developing our solutions, services and necessary integrations to meet market requirements, including regulations, language, currency, and local terminology. This market-specific functionality must be updated regularly to stay current with regulatory changes in each market. We rely on a geographically dispersed engineering team, which has grown organically and through acquisitions.

Sales and Marketing

CCC marketing and sales organizations directly engage with decision-makers and industry leaders across the insurance economy to drive software adoption. Our digital marketing provides CCC with a platform to execute highly targeted outreach to tens of thousands of active and prospective clients by customizing communications based on specific client needs or marketplace trends.

Our sales teams are structured to address the different needs of our markets. For our small and midsize business sales efforts, CCC employs a geographically dispersed account team structure to facilitate in-person demos and direct sales, along with an inside sales team. For larger insurance and automotive clients, CCC combines both enterprise and regional account teams with solutions and consulting services to lead marketing and sales efforts. Custom analysis, pilot programs, and highly consultative account teams drive customer software expansion and adoption.

11

As a thought leader across the insurance economy, CCC delivers valued data and perspectives to these industries. As the publisher of Crash Course, a robust industry dataset on Auto Physical Damage and Casualty claims trends, CCC engages clients and prospects with custom content, industry analysis, and unique insights. Quarterly reports and trends data underpin our marketing outreach generating awareness in trade journals, industry presentations, and online publications. CCC collaborates with partners, clients, and thought leaders to market our solutions and expand our network. Clients participate with us in industry roundtables, including CCC-hosted advisory councils across each of the industries we serve. Additionally, CCC hosts an invitation-only Industry Conference annually.

We leverage our strategic partnerships and networks to drive sales and market software functionality. Suppliers and clients on the CCC network, including major parts suppliers, diagnostics service providers, insurers, repair facilities and OEMs, help to market CCC software. These co-marketing efforts expand our network and reinforce client value.

Our Customers

We believe we have strong customer relationships across the more than 35,000 total customers in the end markets we serve, and these relationships are a key component of our success given the long-term nature of our contracts and interconnectedness of our network.

We have more than 300 total insurance customers (including carriers, self-insurers and other entities processing insurance claims) in the U.S., including national and regional carriers. In 2024, our national carrier customers included 26 of the top 30 automotive insurers based on DWP, with average customer relationships spanning more than 10 years, and numerous exclusive arrangements. Our national carrier customers also represent 23 of the top 30 overall P&C insurers in the U.S based on DWP. Further, the acquisition of EvolutionIQ in January 2025 added 7 of the top 15 disability insurers to our network. We work with hundreds of regional carriers, and across all our insurance customers our average contract is approximately three to five years in duration.

We have approximately 30,500 automotive collision repair customers, including national and regional MSOs, independent repair facilities, and automotive dealers that perform collision repair. We partner with all of the national MSOs across the U.S. Our average repair facility contract is approximately three years in duration, though MSO customers can have longer contract terms.

In addition to insurance and repair, our customers include approximately 5,500 parts suppliers, 12 of the top 15 automotive manufacturers as of 2024, and other companies that participate in the insurance economy. Our software solutions and platform are designed to create value for our customers by boosting efficiency, improving cycle time, increasing innovation potential, and enhancing end-customer experiences.

Competition

The insurance economy software market is highly competitive and fragmented. This market is subject to changing technology, shifting customer needs, and introductions of new and innovative software solutions. Our competitors vary in size, breadth, and scope of their solutions. Our current principal competitors include the following:

•
Internally developed software
: Our large customers have sufficient IT resources to maintain and update their own proprietary internal systems and to invest in new technology capabilities. Often these in-house technology programs will be supported by large-scale consulting firms.

•
Insurance software vendors
: A number of vendors provide software solutions that are specifically designed to meet the needs of the insurance industry, including core systems providers, underwriting data and software providers, and claims software providers. Some of these vendors have supporting ecosystems that enable integration to third parties to facilitate interaction with the supporting insurance economy.

•
Other ecosystem software vendors:
 Other established vendors and startups offer software targeting specific needs for certain segments of the insurance economy, such as collision repair facility software solutions and parts e-commerce platforms.

Competitive factors in our industry will vary across solution and ecosystem segments. The principal competitive factors include software functionality, performance and value delivery, innovation potential, network breadth, implementation and support, and customer preferences. We believe that we compete favorably on the basis of each of these factors.

Intellectual Property

We own or have pending patents and patent applications, which generally apply to our software. As of December 31, 2024, we owned 30 issued U.S. patents, which are scheduled to expire between December 2025 and December 2040, and 14 patent applications pending for examination in the U.S. We do not believe that the expiration of any soon-to-expire patents will have a material impact on our business.

In addition, we enter into confidentiality and proprietary rights agreements with employees, consultants, contractors and business partners, and employees and contractors are also subject to invention assignment provisions. As part of our contracting process with third parties, we use contract terms such as limited licenses, restrictions on use, and confidentiality, as additional measures to protect our intellectual property.

Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”)

At CCC, we are committed to conducting our business in a responsible and sustainable manner, in accordance with law. Our ESG approach is designed to align with our corporate strategy and our mission to keep people’s lives moving forward when it matters most. Our Board of Directors (the “Board”) has delegated responsibility for developing and implementing goals regarding ESG and sustainability matters to the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and has also directed that the Human Capital and Compensation Committee participate and provide oversight and guidance on social and culture areas affecting ESG-related matters. The Board and the Audit Committee oversee our

12

governance and risk management activities. We have a cross-functional ESG working group responsible for integrating sustainability, responsible practices, and stakeholder engagement into our operations.

Human Capital Management

As of December 31, 2024, we had approximately 2,310 employees and 560 contingent employees. As of December 31, 2024, we had approximately 2,225 employees in the U.S. and approximately 85 employees internationally. None of our employees are represented by a labor union and we have not had any work stoppages.

We have continued to prioritize the health and safety of our employees, offering a flexible work model that balances business requirements and employee preferences. We believe this approach helped us continue to retain our current employees and allows us to remain competitive when hiring future talent.

Our highly engaged workforce is a result of employees’ collective demonstration of our values—integrity, customer-focus, innovation, tenacity, and connection—as well as our collaborative and results-oriented culture. Our annual performance management process embeds leadership competencies for all levels. Specifically for our leaders, these competencies are focused on maintaining highly engaged teams and supporting the development of others. Every employee is encouraged to strive for high performance and continuously learn and grow their skills by working with their manager to create an individual development plan and documented objectives. CCC also offers development offerings such as self-directed e-learning, soft-skill and technical/product training, professional certifications, stretch assignments, and our formal mentorship program. We also offer tuition reimbursement for employees who wish to continue their formal education.

Our goal is to hire individuals who share our passion for and commitment to the work we do. We offer a comprehensive compensation and benefits program that includes competitive wages, a 401(k) with match, an Employee Stock Purchase Program, and a holistic wellness program. Recognizing the importance of work/life balance to mental and physical health, we offer an Employee Assistance Program and paid time off (“PTO”) plan that we encourage employees to use. Ongoing market evaluations help us to identify areas where additional investment may be needed to maintain competitiveness and a compelling employee value proposition.

We have partnered with several job boards and event-based recruiting companies who help expand our reach to a broader, more diverse set of candidates. We have a formal internship program, partnering with universities throughout the country and expanding our partnerships with diverse universities.

We are committed to building inclusive teams and fostering an environment where unique perspectives are celebrated, in accordance with law. We believe a diverse workforce at all levels and an inclusive culture are foundational to our success and will enable us to better serve our customers. We have a Diversity Advisory Council (“DAC”) whose mission is to support the development and execution of our strategy. Through the DAC, we continued to organize several unique cultural/heritage events in 2024 to celebrate and honor the diversity of our team members and support employee-driven employee resource groups (“ERGs”) – the African American Alliance, the Women’s Network, the Growing Professionals ERG and PROUD, made up of employees who identify as LGBTQ+ and their allies. In 2024, we also added two new ERGs - (1) CCC Se Puede, whose mission is to support the Latin American and Hispanic communities through education, acknowledgement, and celebration, and (2) Parents and Caregivers Together, or “PACT”, which provides resources and support to all caregivers, whether they are new parents, caring for elderly parents, or anything in between. Each of our ERGs is open to all employees.

Available Information

The Company is subject to the informational requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”). In accordance with these requirements, the Company files reports and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). The SEC maintains an internet site at http://www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding registrants that file electronically with the SEC. The Company’s website is https://www.cccis.com/. The Company’s reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, including Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and any amendments thereto, are available, free of charge, through the Company’s website as soon as reasonably practicable after the material is electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC.

Any references to the Company’s website contained herein do not constitute incorporation by reference of information contained on such website and such information should not be considered part of this Annual Report.

13