ITEM 1A.  RISK FACTORS
You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties we describe below as well as all other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K before making any investment decisions. The risks and uncertainties included here are not exhaustive. Other sections within this report discuss additional factors that could adversely affect our business. Our industry is highly competitive and constantly evolving, and we may face additional risks that are presently unknown, deemed immaterial, or unforeseen. If any of these risks and uncertainties were to materialize, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity could be materially and adversely affected.
INDUSTRY RISKS
The fashion footwear, accessories, and apparel industry is subject to rapid changes in consumer preferences. If we do not accurately anticipate fashion trends and promptly respond to consumer demand, we could lose sales, our relationships with customers could be harmed, and our brand loyalty could be diminished.
The strength of our brands and our success depends in large part, upon our ability to anticipate and promptly respond to product and fashion trends, as well as to anticipate, gauge, and react to changing consumer demands in a timely manner. There can be no assurance that our products will correspond to the changes in taste and demand or that we will be able to successfully advertise and market products that respond to trends and customer preferences. If we misjudge the market for our products, we may be faced with significant excess inventories for some products and missed opportunities as to others. In addition, misjudgments in merchandise selection could adversely affect our brand image with our customers, resulting in lower sales and increased markdown allowances for customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity.
We face intense competition from both established companies and newer entrants into the market. Our failure to compete effectively could cause our market share to decline, which could harm our reputation and have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity.
The fashion footwear, accessories, and apparel industry is highly competitive and barriers to entry are low. Our competitors include specialty companies as well as companies with diversified product lines. Market growth in the sales of fashion footwear, accessories, and apparel has encouraged the entry of many new competitors and increased competition from established companies. Many of these competitors, including Aldo, Sam Edelman, and Vince Camuto, may have significantly greater financial and other resources than we do, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully with these and other fashion footwear, accessories, and apparel companies. Increased competition could result in pricing pressures, increased marketing expenditures, and loss of market share and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity.
If we and the retailers that are our customers are unable to adapt to recent and anticipated changes in the retail industry, the sales of our products may decline, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity.
In recent years, the retail industry has experienced consolidation and other ownership changes. In the future, retailers in the United States and in foreign markets may further consolidate, undergo restructurings or reorganizations, or realign their affiliations, any of which could decrease the number of stores that carry our licensees’ products, or increase the ownership concentration within the retail industry. Changing shopping patterns, including the rapid expansion of online retail shopping, have adversely affected customer traffic in mall and outlet centers, particularly in North America. We expect competition in the e-commerce market will intensify. As a greater portion of consumer expenditures with retailers occurs online and through mobile commerce applications, our brick-and-mortar retail customers who fail to successfully integrate their physical retail stores, and digital retail may experience financial difficulties, including store closures, bankruptcies, or liquidations. A continuation or worsening of these trends could cause financial difficulties for one or more of our major customers, which, in turn, could substantially increase our credit risk and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. We have little or no control over how our customers will respond to the challenges posed by these changes in the retail industry. Our success will be determined, in part, on our and our customers’ ability to manage the impact of the rapidly changing retail environment and identify and capitalize on retail trends, including technology, e-commerce, artificial intelligence, and other process efficiencies, or advanced technologies that will better service our customers. If we and our customers fail to compete successfully, our businesses, market share, results of operations, and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 
10
RISKS RELATING TO OUR COMPANY
The loss of Steve Madden, our Founder and Creative and Design Chief, or members of our executive management team could have a material adverse effect on our business.
The growth and success of our Company since its inception more than a quarter century ago is attributable, to a significant degree, to the talents, skills, and efforts of our Founder and Creative and Design Chief, Steven Madden. An extended or permanent loss of the services of Mr. Madden could severely disrupt our business and have a material adverse effect on our Company. We also depend on the contributions of the members of our senior management team. Our senior executives have substantial experience and expertise in our business and industry and have made significant contributions to our growth and success. Competition for executive talent in the fashion footwear, accessories, and apparel industries is intense. While our employment agreements with Mr. Madden and most of our senior executives include a non-compete provision in the event of the termination of employment, the non-compete periods are of limited duration and scope and the enforceability of such non-compete provisions are subject to existing and future laws. Although we believe we have depth within our senior management team, if we were to lose the services of Mr. Madden or any of our senior executives, and especially if any of these individuals were to join a competitor or form a competing company, our business and financial performance could be seriously harmed. A loss of the skills, industry knowledge, contacts, and expertise of Mr. Madden or any of our senior executives could cause a setback to our operating plan and strategy.
If we are not successful in implementing our growth strategy or integrating acquired businesses, we may not be able to take advantage of certain market opportunities and may become less competitive.
Our business has grown organically and as a result of business acquisitions. In order to gain from our acquisitions, we must be effective in integrating the businesses acquired into our overall operations. Further, the expansion of our operations has increased and will continue to increase the demand on our managerial, operational, and administrative resources. In recent years, we have invested significant resources in, among other things, our management information systems and hiring and training of new personnel. However, in order to manage currently anticipated levels of future demand, we may be required to, among other things, expand our distribution facilities, establish relationships with new manufacturers to produce our products and continue to expand and improve our financial, management, and operating systems. We may experience difficulty integrating acquired businesses into our operations and may not achieve anticipated synergies from such integration. There can be no assurance that we will be able to manage future growth effectively and a failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity.
If one or more of our significant customers were to reduce or stop purchases of our products, our sales and profits could decline.
The retailers that are our customers consist principally of department stores, mass merchants, off-price retailers, shoe chains, online retailers, national chains, specialty retailers, independent stores, and clubs. Certain of our department store customers, including some under common ownership, account for significant portions of our wholesale business. We generally enter into a number of purchase order commitments with our customers for each of our lines every season and do not enter into long-term agreements with any of our customers. Therefore, a decision by a significant customer, whether motivated by competitive conditions, financial difficulties, or otherwise, to decrease the amount of merchandise purchased from us or to change its manner of doing business could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity.
Our financial results are subject to quarterly fluctuations. 
Our results of operations may fluctuate from quarter to quarter and are affected by a variety of factors, including:
•
weather conditions;
•
the timing of holidays;
•
the timing of larger shipments of products;
•
market acceptance of our products;
•
pricing, presentation and promotional strategies of the products offered and sold;
•
fluctuations in personnel needs and operating costs;
•
inventory management, including potential write-downs for obsolescence;
•
the cost of materials;
11
•
the product mix between wholesale, retail, and licensing businesses; and
•
external conditions, such as health pandemics, general macroeconomic trends, consumer confidence, and competitor actions.
In addition, we expect that our sales and operating results may be significantly impacted by the opening of new retail stores, and the introduction of new products. Accordingly, the results of operations in any quarter will not necessarily be indicative of the results that may be achieved for a full fiscal year or any future quarter.
Extreme or unseasonable weather conditions in locations where we or our customers and suppliers are located could adversely affect our business. 
Our corporate headquarters and principal operational locations, including retail, distribution, and warehousing facilities, may be subject to natural disasters and other severe weather, geological events, and climate-change related risks (including resource scarcity, rationing or unexpected costs from increases in fuel or raw material prices that may be caused by severe weather conditions) that could disrupt our operations. The occurrence of such natural events may result in sudden disruptions in business conditions of the local economies affected, as well as of the regional and global economies. Such disruptions may result in decreased demand for our products and disruptions in our management functions, sales channels and manufacturing and distribution networks, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Extreme weather events and changes in weather patterns can also influence customer trends and shopping habits. Extended periods of unseasonably warm temperatures during the winter season or cool weather during the summer season may diminish demand for our seasonal merchandise. Heavy snowfall, hurricanes, or other severe weather events where our retail stores and the retail stores of our wholesale customers are located may decrease customer traffic in those stores and reduce our sales and profitability. There is growing concern that climate change may increase both the frequency and severity of extreme weather conditions and natural disasters. Any of these events could result in decreased demand for our products and disruptions in our sales channels and manufacturing and distribution networks, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
We extend credit to most of our wholesale customers, and their failure to pay for products shipped to them could adversely affect our financial results.
We extend credit to our wholesale customers based on an evaluation of each customer's financial condition, usually without collateral. Various retailers, including some of our customers, have experienced financial difficulties, which has increased the risk of extending credit to such retailers. Even though we seek to mitigate the risks of extending credit by factoring most of our accounts receivable and obtaining letters of credit, or credit insurance for others, if any of our customers were to experience a shortage of liquidity, the risk that the customer's outstanding payables to us not being paid could cause us to curtail business with the customer, or require us to assume more credit risk relating to the customer's accounts payable.
Our stock price may fluctuate substantially if our operating results are inconsistent with our forecasts or those of analysts who follow us.
One of our primary business objectives is to maximize the long-term strength, growth, and profitability of our Company, rather than to achieve an earnings target in any particular fiscal quarter. We believe that this longer-term goal is in our best interests and those of our stockholders. The trading price of our common stock periodically may rise or fall based on the accuracy of forecasts of our future performance. Our actual results may differ from our forecasts as the guidance is based on assumptions and expectations that may or may not come to pass. As such, we assume no responsibility to update any of our forward-looking statements at such times or otherwise. If and when we announce actual results that differ from our forecast and guidance, the market price of our common stock could be adversely affected. Investors who rely on these forecasts in making investment decisions with respect to our common stock do so at their own risk. We take no responsibility for any losses suffered as a result of changes in the price of our common stock.
In addition, outside securities analysts may follow our financial results and issue reports that discuss our historical financial results and their predictions of our future performance. These analysts' predictions are based upon their own opinions and could be different from our own forecasts. Our stock price could decline if our results are below the estimates or expectations of these outside analysts.
12
FOREIGN SOURCING RISKS
Disruptions to our product delivery systems and failure to effectively manage inventory based on business trends across various distribution channels could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity.
Our products are manufactured overseas and most of our products are shipped via ocean freight carriers. The trend-focused nature of the fashion industry and the rapid changes in customer preferences leave us vulnerable to the risk of inventory obsolescence. Our reliance upon ocean freight transportation for the delivery of our inventory exposes us to various inherent risks, including those stemming from port congestion, port worker strikes, severe weather conditions, natural disasters, and terrorism, any of which could result in delivery delays and inefficiencies, increase our costs, and disrupt our business. 
Any severe and prolonged disruption to ocean freight transportation could force us to rely on alternate and more expensive transportation methods. Efficient and timely inventory deliveries and proper inventory management are important factors in our operations. Inventory shortages can adversely affect the timing of shipments to customers and diminish sales and brand loyalty. Conversely, excess inventories can result in lower gross profit due to the increased discounts and markdowns that may be necessary to reduce high inventory levels. Severe and extended delays in the delivery of our inventory or our inability to effectively manage our inventory could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity.
Global inflation has also contributed to higher freight costs, which negatively affected our gross margin and profitability for the year ended December 31, 2024 and may continue to have a negative effect on our future operating results and profitability. 
Our reliance on foreign manufacturers to provide materials, or produce our goods in a timely manner, or to meet our quality standards could cause problems if we experience a supply chain disruption and we are unable to secure an alternative source of raw materials or end products.
We do not own or operate any foreign manufacturing facilities and are therefore dependent upon third parties to manufacture all of our products. In 2024, 76.6% of our total purchases were manufactured in China. We also do not have long-term manufacturing or supply contracts with any of our suppliers or manufacturers for the production and supply of our raw materials and products, and we compete with other companies for raw materials and production capacity. The risks inherent in relying on foreign manufacturing include work stoppages, transportation delays, public health emergencies, social unrest, changes in local economic and political conditions, and broader geopolitical instability.
We have experienced, and may in the future experience, significant disruptions in the supply of raw materials and products and may be unable to secure alternative suppliers of comparable quality at an acceptable price, or at all. In addition, if we experience a sudden increase in demand, or need to replace an existing supplier or manufacturer, we may be unable to locate additional supplies of raw materials or additional manufacturing capacity on terms that are acceptable to us, or at all, or we may be unable to locate any supplier or manufacturer with sufficient capacity to meet our requirements or fill our orders in a timely manner. Selecting and transitioning to a new supplier is a complex process that requires evaluations of quality control, responsiveness, and service, financial stability, and ethical labor practices. Even if we successfully transition to a new supplier, we may still encounter production delays and increased costs as a result of the training and onboarding process. 
Our supply of raw materials or finished products could be disrupted or delayed by health pandemics and government-imposed restrictions, such as border closures, shipment restrictions, and travel bans. Further delays could also arise if new suppliers are located farther from our core markets or other key participants in our supply chain. Our supply chain may also be affected by trade policy changes and tariffs imposed by the U.S. or other federal governments, which is described further below. Any delays, interruption, or increased costs in the supply of raw materials or production of our products could adversely affect our ability to meet customer demand and have a material negative effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity.
Changes in trade policies and tariffs imposed by the United States government and the governments of other nations could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
Our operations rely on the global sourcing, manufacturing, and sale of products, and our supply chain is subject to the risks inherent in international trade, including potential changes in trade policies, increases in import duties, anti-dumping measures, quotas, safeguard measures, trade restrictions, restrictions on fund transfers, and currency fluctuations. Additionally, certain geopolitical factors, such as political instability and terrorism, may further impact our ability to source products efficiently.
13
Changes in laws or policies governing the terms of trade, and in particular increased trade restrictions, tariffs, or taxes on imports from countries where we manufacture products, such as China and Mexico, could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. For example, in recent years, both the United States and China have imposed new tariffs on each other related to the importation of certain product categories, including imports of select footwear, accessories, and apparel into the United States from China. In February 2025, the U.S. administration announced a 10% tariff on imports from China, where a significant portion of our products is sourced, with an effective date of February 4
th
, 2025, and further announced that an additional 10% tariff on imports from China and a potential 25% tariff on imports from Mexico and Canada are scheduled to take effect on March 4
th
, 2025. We are closely monitoring this evolving situation and evaluating our responses, which may include shifts in sourcing strategies, price adjustments, or other cost-mitigation measures. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to fully mitigate the impact of such tariffs or trade restrictions. At this time, the overall impact on our business related to these tariffs remains uncertain and depends on multiple factors, including the duration and potential expansion of current tariffs, future changes to tariff rates, scope, or enforcement, retaliatory measures by impacted trade partners, inflationary effects and broader macroeconomic responses, changes to consumer purchasing behavior, and the effectiveness of our responses in managing these challenges.
If the United States decides to impose additional tariffs on a broader range of imports, including, but not limited to, footwear, accessories, apparel, or any other goods imported from China, or other countries or if further retaliatory trade measures are taken by China or other countries in response to additional tariffs, there can be no assurance that we will be able to offset all related increased costs. This potential increase in costs could be material to our business operations, especially given approximately 76.6% of our products was sourced from China in 2024. We cannot predict if, and to what extent, there will be changes to international trade agreements or the resulting impact of any such changes on our business operations.
If our manufacturers, the manufacturers used by our licensees, or our licensees themselves fail to use acceptable labor practices or to otherwise comply with local laws and other standards, our business reputation could suffer.
Our products are manufactured by numerous independent manufacturers outside of the United States. We also have license agreements that permit our licensees to manufacture or contract to manufacture products using our trademarks. We impose, and require our licensees to impose, on these manufacturers environmental, health and safety standards for the benefit of their labor force. In addition, we require these manufacturers to comply with applicable standards for product safety. However, we do not control our independent manufacturers, or licensing partners, or their labor, product safety, and other business practices. From time to time, our independent manufacturers may not comply with such standards or applicable local law or our licensees may not require their manufacturers to comply with such standards or applicable local law. The violation of such standards and laws by one of our independent manufacturers or by one of our licensing partners, or the divergence of a manufacturer's or a licensing partner's labor practices from those generally accepted as ethical in the United States, could harm our reputation, result in a product recall or require us to curtail our relationship with and locate a replacement for such manufacturer or licensee. We could also be the focus of adverse publicity and our reputation could be damaged. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity.
GLOBAL BUSINESS RISKS
Geopolitical tensions in the regions in which we operate and any related challenging macroeconomic conditions globally may materially and adversely affect our customers, vendors, and partners, and the duration and extent to which these factors may impact our future business and operations, results of operations, and financial condition remains uncertain.
The Hamas-Israel and Russia-Ukraine conflicts, or other areas of geopolitical tension around the world, or any worsening or spread of those conflicts or geopolitical tensions, and any related challenging macroeconomic conditions globally, could decrease the spending of our existing and potential new customers, adversely affect demand for our products, cause one or more of our customers, vendors, or partners to file for bankruptcy protection or go out of business, disrupt supply chains on which we rely, impact expected spending and pricing levels from existing and potential new customers, and negatively impact collections of accounts receivable, all of which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
Any of the negative impacts of the Hamas-Israel and Russia-Ukraine conflicts, other areas of geopolitical tension around the world, or any worsening of those conflicts or geopolitical tensions, and any related challenging macroeconomic conditions, may have a material adverse effect on our business and operations, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Any of these negative impacts, alone or in combination with others, also could exacerbate many of the other risk factors discussed in this report. The full extent to which these factors will negatively affect our business and operations, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including the scope, severity and duration of the Hamas-Israel and Russia-Ukraine conflicts, other areas of 
14
geopolitical tension around the world and any economic downturns and the actions taken by governmental authorities and other third parties in response.
Our global operations expose us to a variety of legal, regulatory, political, and economic risks that may adversely impact our results of operations in certain regions.
As a result of our international operations, we are subject to risks associated with our operations in international markets as a result of a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control. These risks include, among other things:
•
the challenge of managing broadly dispersed foreign operations;
•
inflationary pressures and economic changes or volatility in foreign economies;
•
the burdens of complying with the laws and regulations of both United States and foreign jurisdictions;
•
additional or increased customs duties, tariffs, taxes, and other charges on imports or exports;
•
political corruption or instability;
•
geopolitical regional conflicts, terrorist activity, political unrest, civil strife, and acts of war;
•
local business practices that do not conform to United States legal or ethical guidelines;
•
anti-American sentiment in foreign countries in which we operate;
•
delays in receipts of our products at our distribution centers due to labor unrest, increasing security requirements, or other factors at United States or foreign ports;
•
significant fluctuations in the value of the dollar against foreign currencies;
•
increased difficulty in protecting our intellectual property in foreign jurisdictions;
•
restrictions on the transfer of funds between the United States and foreign nations; and
•
natural disasters or health epidemics in areas in which our businesses, customers, suppliers, and licensees are located.
All of these factors could disrupt our operations or limit the countries in which we sell or source our products, significantly increase the cost of operating in or obtaining materials originating from certain countries, result in decreased revenues, and materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and results of operations.
We are subject to the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, which prohibits the payment of bribes to foreign officials to assist in obtaining or retaining business. We are also subject to anti-corruption laws of the foreign countries in which we operate. Although we have implemented policies and procedures that are designed to promote compliance with such laws, our employees, contractors, and agents may take actions that violate our policies and procedures. Any such violation could result in sanctions or other penalties against us and have an adverse effect on our business, reputation, and operating results.
Our business is exposed to foreign exchange rate fluctuations.
We make most of our purchases in U.S. dollars. However, we source substantially all of our products overseas, and as such, the cost of these products may be affected by changes in the value of the relevant currencies against the U.S. dollar. Changes in currency exchange rates may also affect the relative prices at which we and our foreign competitors sell products in the same market. We use forward foreign exchange contracts to hedge material exposures to adverse changes in foreign exchange rates. However, no hedging strategy can completely insulate us from foreign exchange risk. We are also exposed to gains and losses resulting from the effect that fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates have on the reported results in our financial statements due to the translation of the operating results and financial position of our foreign subsidiaries. There can be no assurance that foreign currency fluctuations will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. See Item 7A. “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk” for additional information regarding our foreign exchange risk.
INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY RISKS
Disruption of our information technology systems and websites could adversely affect our financial results and our business reputation.
We are heavily dependent upon our information technology systems to record and process transactions and manage and operate all aspects of our business. We also have e-commerce websites for direct retail sales.
Given the nature of our business and the significant number of transactions in which we engage annually, it is essential that we maintain constant operation of our information technology systems and websites and that they operate effectively. We 
15
depend on our in-house information technology, employees and third parties, including “cloud” service providers, to maintain and periodically update and upgrade our systems and websites to support the growth of our business. We also maintain off-site server data facilities that record and process information regarding our vendors and customers and their transactions with us. Our information technology systems and websites may, from time to time, be vulnerable to damage or interruption from events such as computer viruses, security breaches, power outages, and difficulties in replacing or integrating the systems of acquired businesses. Any such problems or interruptions could result in loss of valuable business data, our customers' or employees' personal information, disruption of our operations, and other adverse impacts to our business and require significant expenditures by us to remediate any such failure, problem, or breach. In addition, we must comply with increasingly complex regulatory standards enacted to protect business and personal data and an inability to maintain compliance with these regulatory standards could subject us to legal risks and penalties. Although we maintain disaster recovery centers and insurance coverage aimed at addressing certain of these risks, there can be no assurance that insurance coverage will be available, or that the amounts of coverage will be adequate to cover a specific loss.
Our business and reputation could be adversely affected if our computer systems, or the systems of our business partners, or service providers, become subject to a data security, or privacy breach, or other disruption from a third party.
In addition to our own confidential and proprietary business information, a routine part of our business includes the gathering, processing, and retention of sensitive and confidential information pertaining to our customers, employees, and others. We, our business partners, or our service providers may not have the resources or technical sophistication to anticipate or prevent the rapidly evolving and complex cyber-attacks being unleashed by increasingly sophisticated hackers and data thieves. As a result, our facilities and information technology systems, as well as those of our business partners and third-party service providers, may be vulnerable to cyber-attacks and breaches, acts of vandalism, ransomware, software viruses and other similar types of malicious activities. Any actual or threatened cyber-attack may cause us to incur unanticipated costs, including costs related to the hiring of additional computer experts, business interruption, engaging third-party cybersecurity consultants, and upgrading our information security technologies. As a result of recent security breaches at a number of prominent companies, the media and public scrutiny of information security and privacy has become more intense and the regulatory environment has become more uncertain. Any compromise or breach of our information technology systems or those of our business partners or service providers that results in the misappropriation, loss, or other unauthorized disclosure of a customer’s or other person’s private, confidential, or proprietary information could result in:
•
a loss of confidence in us by our customers and business partners;
•
a violation applicable privacy and other laws;
•
an exposure to litigation and significant potential liability; or
•
a requirement to expend significant resources to remedy any such breach and redress any damages cause by such a breach.
We must also comply with increasingly rigorous regulatory standards for the protection of business and personal data enacted in the United States, Europe, and elsewhere. Some examples include the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”), the California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA"), and the California Privacy Rights Act ("CPRA"). These regulations impose additional obligations on companies concerning the handling of personal data and provides certain individual privacy rights to persons whose data is stored. Our compliance with existing, proposed, and recently enacted laws (including implementation of the privacy and process enhancements required by these regulations) and regulations can be costly. Any failure by us to comply with these regulatory standards could subject us to significant legal, financial, and reputational harm. We did not have any material cases of information security breaches in the last three years, and we have not incurred any material expenses from security breaches, penalties, or settlements during this period.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RISKS
Failure to adequately protect our trademarks and intellectual property rights, to prevent counterfeiting of our products, or to defend claims against us related to our trademarks and intellectual property rights could reduce sales and adversely affect the value of our brands.
We believe that our trademarks and other proprietary rights are of major significance to our success and our competitive position, and we consider some of our trademarks, such as Steve Madden, to be integral to our business and among our most valuable assets. Accordingly, we devote substantial resources to the establishment and protection of our trademarks on a worldwide basis. Nevertheless, policing unauthorized use of our intellectual property is difficult, expensive, and time consuming. There can be no assurance that the actions we take to establish and protect our trademarks and other proprietary rights will be adequate to prevent imitation of our products by others and to prevent others from seeking to block sales of our products on the basis that our products violate the trademarks or other proprietary rights of others. Moreover, no assurance can 
16
be given that others will not assert rights in, or ownership of, trademarks and other proprietary rights of ours or that we will be able to successfully resolve such conflicts. We could incur substantial costs in legal actions relating to our use of intellectual property or the use of our intellectual property by others. In addition, the laws of certain foreign countries may not protect proprietary rights to the same extent as do the laws of the United States. Our failure to establish and protect such proprietary rights from unlawful and improper use could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity.
A portion of our revenue is dependent on licensing our trademarks. The actions of our licensees or the loss of a significant licensee could diminish our brand integrity and adversely affect our revenue and results of operations.
We license to others the rights to produce and market certain products that are sold under our trademarks. Although we retain significant control over our licensees’ products and advertising, our licensees have operational and financial control over their businesses. If the quality, image, or distribution of our licensed products diminish, customer acceptance of and demand for our brands and products could decline. This could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. A decrease in customer demand for any of these product lines could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Furthermore, if we are unable to engage an adequate replacement for a terminated licensee or to engage such a replacement for an extended period, our revenues and results of operations could be adversely affected.
GENERAL RISK FACTORS
The failure to complete our acquisition of Kurt Geiger in a timely fashion, or at all, may adversely affect our business and our stock price.
Consummation of our planned acquisition of Mercury Acquisitions Topco Limited, which is the holding company for the Kurt Geiger business (the “KG Transaction”) is subject to certain closing conditions, including (i) the expiration or termination of all waiting periods applicable to the KG Transaction under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended; (ii) no law, order, decree or judgment is in effect that restrains, enjoins, prohibits or makes illegal the consummation of the KG Transaction; and (iii) no litigation, action or proceeding shall be pending by or before any governmental entity of competent jurisdiction that seeks to restrain, enjoin, prohibit or make illegal the consummation of the KG Transaction, no investigation by a relevant U.S. antitrust agency relating to the KG Transaction shall be open, pending or ongoing, and no litigation, action or proceeding shall be threatened by a relevant U.S. antitrust agency or officials, staff, commissioners or other representatives thereof that would reasonably be expected to seek to restrain, enjoin, prohibit or make illegal the consummation of the KG Transaction. There can be no assurance that these or other closing conditions will be satisfied in a timely manner or at all. Any delay in completing the acquisition could cause us not to realize some or all the anticipated benefits when expected, if at all. If the KG Transaction is not completed, we may suffer consequences that could adversely affect our business, results of operations and stock price, including incurring significant acquisition costs and other fees.
Changes in economic conditions may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity.
Our opportunities for long-term growth and profitability are accompanied by significant challenges and risks, particularly in the near term. Specifically, our business is dependent on consumer demand for our products and the purchase of our products by consumers is largely discretionary. Consumer confidence and discretionary spending could be adversely affected in response to financial market volatility, negative financial news, inflationary pressures, changes in interest rates, changing conditions within the real estate and mortgage markets, declines in income or asset values, and other economic factors. A downturn in macroeconomic conditions leading to a reduction in consumer confidence and discretionary spending could have an adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity.
Litigation or other legal proceedings could divert management resources and result in costs that adversely affect our operating results from quarter to quarter.
From time to time, we are involved in various claims, lawsuits, regulatory proceedings, and governmental investigations that arise in the ordinary course of business. Due to the inherent uncertainty of legal proceedings, we cannot predict the ultimate outcome of any such matters with accuracy. An unfavorable outcome in one or more of these proceedings could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations, and the insurance coverage we maintain may be insufficient to fully cover any resulting losses or liabilities. In addition, any significant litigation, investigations, or regulatory proceedings – even without merit – could divert management attention and financial resources away from core business operations, potentially affecting our ability to execute strategic initiatives. These matters could also result in reputational harm, regulatory penalties, or compliance costs, further impacting our financial performance. For additional information regarding legal proceedings in which we are involved, see Item 3. “Legal Proceedings.”
17
We may be subject to additional tax liabilities as a result of audits by various taxing authorities.
We are subject to complex and evolving tax laws and regulations across multiple jurisdictions as a result of our global presence and international operations. Significant judgment and specialized expertise are required to evaluate and estimate our worldwide provision for income taxes. We are regularly subject to tax audits and examinations by authorities in the jurisdictions where we operate, and any of these jurisdictions could assess additional taxes, penalties, or interest as a result of an audit. The final determination of any audit, or related litigation, may differ from our estimates, historical tax provisions, or accruals. The outcome of any audit or related litigation could have a material adverse effect on our operating results or cash flows in the affected periods and may require us to restate prior financial reports. In addition, future earnings may be adversely impacted by litigation costs, settlement payments, or penalties and interest resulting from adverse tax assessments.
Changes in tax laws could have an adverse effect upon our financial results.
We are subject to income taxation in multiple jurisdictions within the United States and abroad, where tax laws and regulations are complex, frequently evolving, and subject to varying interpretations. Changes in legislation, tax rates, enforcement practices, or judicial rulings in these jurisdictions could increase our tax liabilities and adversely affect our after-tax profitability. Adjustments to the incremental provisional tax expense may be required in future periods due to various factors, such as changes in the interpretation of the United States tax code or related tax accounting guidance, revisions to assumptions used in tax estimates, new regulatory guidance issued regarding U.S. tax law revisions, and state and local tax implications that differ from initial expectations.
Additionally, foreign tax authorities may introduce new tax laws, adjust existing regulations, or adopt unpredictable enforcement measures, which could further impact our tax liabilities. Increases in applicable tax rates, the implementation of new taxes, and changes in applicable tax laws or their interpretation in jurisdictions where we operate could reduce our after-tax income and have an adverse effect on our results of operations.
Any failure to maintain effective internal control over our financial reporting could materially adversely affect us.
Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires us to include in our Annual Report on Form 10-K an assessment by management of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Compliance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires ongoing evaluation and testing of our financial systems and processes to allow both management and our independent registered public accounting firm to report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Maintaining compliance may require substantial costs and significant management effort. If we fail to maintain effective internal controls, our auditors may determine that a material weakness or significant deficiency exists in our internal controls over financial reporting. Such a determination could undermine investor confidence in the reliability of our financial statements, require us to restate our quarterly or annual financial statements, or negatively impact the market price of our common stock.
ITEM 1B.  UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS
None.
ITEM 1C.  CYBERSECURITY
Risk Management and Strategy
The Company employs a comprehensive, cross-departmental approach to continuously assess, identify, and manage potential cybersecurity risks. Our cybersecurity risk management program involves collaboration between our employees, the information technology (“IT”) security team, which is led by our Chief Information Security Officer (“CISO”), the Information Security Steering Committee ("ISSC”), which is chaired by our CISO and comprised of executive and senior representatives from key corporate functions as overseen by the Board of Directors, primarily through the Audit Committee. 
The Company’s cybersecurity policies, standards, processes, and practices are integrated into the Company’s overall risk management program and we regularly consider cybersecurity risks in the context of material risks to the Company.
Our cybersecurity risk management program categorizes cybersecurity risks into five areas: identify, protect, detect, respond, and recover. We regularly assess the cybersecurity threat landscape, employing a layered cybersecurity strategy that emphasizes prevention, detection, and mitigation through a variety of technical and operational measures. As a part of our cybersecurity risk management program, our information security program is tailored to address identified risks, while aligning with pertinent business requirements.

We foster a shared responsibility for the Company’s cybersecurity with all of our employees, conducting periodic phishing simulation campaigns and providing regular, mandatory cybersecurity training to enhance awareness and readiness 
18
against potential cyber threats. Certain roles require additional role-based, specialized cybersecurity training, such as tabletop exercises to ensure proactive preparation and effective coordination in the event of a security incident. 
We engage a third-party to conduct annual tabletop exercises in order to rehearse our incident response plan, as well as to identify and prioritize opportunities for improvement within our cybersecurity program and associated security controls, through a customized simulation specifically tailored to our current environment, processes, and procedures.
 To protect our data and information systems, we maintain Company-wide cybersecurity policies and procedures regarding encryption standards, antivirus protection, remote access, multifactor authentication, confidential information, and internet, social media, email, and wireless device usage. Our IT security team reviews and updates such policies and procedures to adapt to evolving cybersecurity landscapes, industry best practices, and regulatory and statutory updates. Our CISO conducts thorough reviews of these updates to ensure their continued relevance and effectiveness in safeguarding the Company’s assets and business interests. 
We continually seek to update our IT security, encompassing end-user training, layered defenses, critical asset identification and protection, enhanced monitoring and alerting, and engagement with third-party experts to evaluate the efficacy of our security measures. 
We engage reputable third parties to assist in the monitoring, protection, detection, and potential remediation of cybersecurity threats and incidents. We also regularly evaluate cybersecurity risks associated with our use of third-party service providers, conducting an annual review of hosted applications and assessing their cybersecurity preparedness.

Risks from cybersecurity threats, including as a result of previous cybersecurity events encountered by the Company and known events encountered by third parties with a connection to the Company, have not materially affected, and are not currently viewed as reasonably likely to materially affect our Company, including our business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition.
Governance
Management
Our 
CISO
 is primarily responsible for the assessment and management of the Company’s material cybersecurity risks and the related cybersecurity risk management policies and procedures. Our CISO oversees our cybersecurity risk management and information security programs and provides quarterly status reports to the ISSC and the Audit Committee.

Our CISO possesses over 25 years of experience in various technology, cybersecurity operations, and engineering roles, holds a bachelor’s degree in computer information science and a master’s degree in technology management, earned a CISO Certificate from Carnegie Mellon University, and is ISC2 CISSP certified.
Other key members of management assist our CISO in the oversight of cybersecurity risk management through their membership in the ISSC, which is chaired by our CISO and is comprised of our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Information Officer, General Counsel, President of Direct-to-Consumer, and Global Digital, Privacy Counsel, and our Vice President of Internal Audit. The ISSC reviews and discusses comprehensive quarterly and annual reports from our CISO and the IT security team in order to provide cooperation, collaboration, and consensus driven information security guidance to the IT department and the Company.

We have also established an Incident Response Team (the “IRT”), which is composed of individuals from our various IT and managerial functions and consults with members of internal departments, as needed, to identify and assess security incidents, including the impact and severity of such incidents. Upon the identification of a security incident, the IRT performs an impact analysis and then determines the appropriate course of action, which may include escalation to the ISSC. Upon consultation with the ISSC and consideration of the relevant risks, the IRT will determine whether the incident should be communicated to the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors.
Board of Directors
The Audit Committee of the 
Board of Directors
 has responsibility for oversight of information and cybersecurity risks and assessment of cyber threats and defenses, and it oversees management to ensure that the processes designed, implemented, and maintained with respect to such risks are functioning as intended and adapted when necessary to respond to changes in our strategy, as well as emerging risks.

Given the importance of information security and cybersecurity to our stakeholders, our Audit Committee reviews quarterly reports from our CISO regarding the Company’s cybersecurity strategies for mitigating known risks, any newly identified risks, existing projects, and key performance insights and engages in discussions with management based on such reports and other recent developments.

19