Item 3. Legal Proceedings

33

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures

33

PART II

Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

34

Item 6. [Reserved]

34

Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

35

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

48

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

48

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure

48

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures

48

Item 9B. Other Information

48

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections

48

PART III

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance

49

Item 11. Executive Compensation

49

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters

50

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence

50

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services

50

PART IV

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules

51

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary

54

SIGNATURES

55

PAR
T I

Unless the context otherwise requires, all references in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to “Acadia,” “the Company,” “we,” “us” or “our” mean Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. is a holding company whose direct or indirect subsidiaries own and operate behavioral healthcare facilities and conduct healthcare and management operations. The terms “facilities,” “centers,” “clinics,” and “hospitals” refer to entities owned, operated, or managed by subsidiaries of Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. References herein to “Acadia employees” or to “our employees” refer to employees of subsidiaries of Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc.

Item 1. B
usiness.

Overview

Our business strategy is to become the indispensable behavioral healthcare provider for the high-acuity and complex needs patient population. We are committed to providing the communities we serve with high-quality, cost-effective behavioral healthcare services, while growing our business, increasing profitability and creating long-term value for our stockholders. This strategy includes five growth pathways: expansions of existing facilities, joint venture partnerships, de novo facilities, acquisitions and expansion across our continuum of care. At December 31, 2024, we operated 262 behavioral healthcare facilities with approximately 11,850 beds in 39 states and Puerto Rico. During the year ended December 31, 2024, we added 776 beds, consisting of 312 added to existing facilities and 464 added through the opening of four wholly-owned facilities and one joint venture facility, and we opened nine comprehensive treatment centers (“CTCs”).

We are the leading publicly traded pure-play provider of behavioral healthcare services in the United States (the “U.S.”). Management believes that we are positioned as a leading platform in a highly fragmented industry under the direction of an experienced management team that has significant industry expertise. Management expects to take advantage of several strategies that are more accessible as a result of our increased size and geographic scale, including continuing a national marketing strategy to attract new patients and referral sources, increasing our volume of out-of-state referrals, providing a broader range of services to new and existing patients and clients and selectively pursuing opportunities to expand our facility and bed count through acquisitions, wholly-owned de novo facilities, joint ventures and bed additions in existing facilities.

Our common stock is listed for trading on The NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol “ACHC.” Our principal executive offices are located at 6100 Tower Circle, Suite 1000, Franklin, Tennessee 37067, and our telephone number is (615) 861-6000.

Acquisitions

On February 22, 2024, we acquired substantially all of the assets of Turning Point Centers (“Turning Point”), a 76-bed specialty provider of substance use disorder and primary mental health treatment services that supports the Salt Lake City, Utah, metropolitan market. Turning Point provides a full continuum of treatment services, including residential, partial hospitalization and intensive outpatient services.

On November 7, 2022, we acquired four CTCs located in Georgia from Brand New Start Treatment Centers (“Brand New Start”).

Financing Transactions

On March 17, 2021, we entered into a credit agreement (as amended, the “Credit Facility”), which provided for a $600.0 million senior secured revolving credit facility (the “Revolving Facility”) and a senior secured term loan facility in an initial principal amount of $425.0 million (as increased by the Incremental Term Loans (as defined below), the “Term Loan Facility”), each maturing on March 17, 2026. The Revolving Facility further provides for a $20.0 million subfacility for the issuance of letters of credit . See “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Liquidity and Capital Resources” for additional information about the Credit Facility.

On March 30, 2023, we entered into Amendment No. 1 to the Credit Facility (the “First Amendment”), which replaced the London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”) as the reference rate applicable to borrowings under the Credit Facility with the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as determined for a term of, at our option, one, three or six months, plus an adjustment of 0.10% (“Adjusted Term SOFR”).

On January 18, 2024, we entered into Amendment No. 2 to the Credit Facility (the “Second Amendment”), which provided for the incurrence of additional senior secured term loans in an aggregate principal amount of $350.0 million (the “Incremental Term Loans”). Such Incremental Term Loans are structured as an increase of the Term Loan Facility. The maturity date, the leverage-based pricing grid, mandatory prepayment events and other terms applicable to the Incremental Term Loans are substantially identical to those applicable to the initial $425.0 million term loans incurred under the Term Loan Facility.

1

During the year ended December 31, 2024, we borrowed $305.0 million on the Revolving Facility and repaid $15.0 million of the balance outstanding.

During the year ended December 31, 2023, we borrowed $40.0 million on the Revolving Facility and repaid $35.0 million of the balance outstanding.

Competitive Strengths

Management believes the following strengths differentiate us from other providers of behavioral healthcare services:

Premier executive management team with track record of success
. Our executive management team has over 225 combined years of experience in the healthcare industry. The extensive national experience and operational expertise of our management team give us what management believes to be the premier leadership team in the behavioral healthcare industry. Our management team strives to use its years of experience operating behavioral healthcare facilities to generate strong cash flow and grow a profitable business.

Legislative and favorable industry trends.
 According to a 2023 survey by the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (“SAMHSA”) of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (the “HHS”), mental illness and substance use disorder prevalence continues to represent more than one in five U.S. adults. In 2023, 58.7 million adults in the U.S. aged 18 years or older suffered from a mental illness in the prior year and 14.6 million suffered from a serious mental illness. Further, 6.8 million adults had co-occurring serious mental illness and substance use disorder in 2023. Approximately 54.2 million people aged 12 or older in 2023 needed substance use treatment in the past year, but only 12.8 million of those received substance use treatment. According to a 2023 study by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (“CDC”), youth mental health continues to reach all-time highs, and nearly all indicators of poor mental health and suicidal thoughts and behaviors worsened from 2013 to 2023. In 2023, 40% of high school students reported persistent feelings of sadness or hopelessness, compared to 30% in 2013. Further, in 2023, 20% of high school students seriously considered attempting suicide and 9% of high school students attempted suicide one or more times. Management believes the market for behavioral healthcare services will continue to grow due to increased awareness of mental health and substance abuse conditions and treatment options.

While the growing awareness of mental health and substance abuse conditions is expected to accelerate demand for services, evolving healthcare legislation in the U.S. has increased, and is expected to further increase, access to industry services as more people obtain insurance coverage. A key aspect of reform legislation was the extension of mental health parity protections established into law by the Paul Wellstone and Pete Domenici Mental Health Parity and Addiction Equity Act of 2008 (the “MHPAEA”). The MHPAEA requires employers who provide behavioral healthcare and addiction benefits to provide such coverage to the same extent as other medical conditions. On December 13, 2016, President Obama signed the 21st Century Cures Act. The 21st Century Cures Act appropriates substantial resources for the treatment of behavioral healthcare and substance abuse disorders and contains measures intended to strengthen the MHPAEA. On October 21, 2018, the Substance Use-Disorder Prevention that Promotes Opioid Recovery and Treatment for Patients and Communities Act (the “SUPPORT Act”) was signed into law. The SUPPORT Act expands Medicare coverage to include Opioid Treatment Programs for services provided on or after January 2, 2020. It also includes Individuals in Medicaid Deserve Care that is Appropriate and Responsible in its Execution Act, which suspends the current prohibition on using federal Medicaid funds to pay for substance use disorder treatment at inpatient treatment facilities with more than 16 beds and limits beneficiaries to no more than 30 days of inpatient treatment per 12-month period.

National footprint and scale with regional density and presence across multiple service lines
. We are a leading behavioral healthcare platform in an industry that is undergoing consolidation in an effort to better serve the growing need for acute behavioral healthcare services. Management expects to take advantage of several strategies that are more accessible as a result of our increased size and geographic scale, including continuing a national marketing strategy to attract new patients and referral sources, providing a broader range of services to new and existing patients and clients and selectively pursuing opportunities to expand our facility and bed count.

Diversified revenue and payor bases
. At December 31, 2024, we operated 262 behavioral healthcare facilities in 39 states and Puerto Rico. Our payor, patient and geographic diversity mitigates the potential risk associated with any single facility. For the year ended December 31, 2024, we received 56.5% of our revenue from Medicaid, 26.0% from commercial payors, 14.2% from Medicare and 3.3% from other payors. As we receive Medicaid payments from 45 states, the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico, management does not believe that we are significantly affected by changes in reimbursement policies in any one state or territory. No facility accounted for more than 4% of revenue for the year ended December 31, 2024, and no state or U.S. territory accounted for more than 14% of revenue for the year ended December 31, 2024. We believe that our increased geographic diversity will mitigate the impact of any financial or budgetary pressure that may arise in a particular state or market where we operate.

Strong financial position to execute our strategy.
 Management believes we continue to be in a strong position for investments in our facilities, expansion into new and existing markets and enhancement of our capabilities and infrastructure. We generate strong returns by profitably operating our business and by actively managing our working capital. Moreover, as the behavioral healthcare

2

business does not typically require the procurement and replacement of expensive medical equipment, our maintenance capital expenditure requirements are generally less than that of other facility-based healthcare providers. For the year ended December 31, 2024, our maintenance capital expenditures amounted to approximately 3% of our revenue.

Business Strategy

Our strategy is to become the indispensable behavioral healthcare provider for the high-acuity and complex needs patient population. We are committed to providing the communities we serve high-quality, cost-effective behavioral healthcare services, while growing our business and creating long-term value for our stockholders. This strategy includes five growth pathways: expansions of existing facilities, joint venture partnerships, de novo facilities, acquisitions and expansion across our continuum of care. Our core strategic priorities include:

Drive organic growth of existing facilities.
 We seek to increase revenue at our facilities by providing a broader range of services to new and existing patients and clients. In addition, management intends to increase bed counts in our existing facilities. We added 312 beds to existing facilities during the year ended December 31, 2024.

Management believes we can improve efficiencies and increase operating margins by utilizing our management’s expertise and experience within existing programs and their expertise in improving performance at underperforming facilities. Management believes the efficiencies can be realized by investing in growth in strong markets, addressing capital-constrained facilities that have underperformed and improving management systems.

Fuel facility growth through accelerated joint venture partnerships and de novo builds and pursuing programmatic mergers and acquisitions. 
We are a leading provider of behavioral healthcare services in the U.S. The behavioral healthcare industry in the U.S. is highly fragmented, and we selectively seek opportunities to expand and diversify our base of operations by acquiring additional facilities, entering into partnerships with healthcare providers to develop additional facilities and developing wholly-owned de novo facilities in attractive markets. We have a number of potential acquisitions, joint ventures and wholly-owned de novo facilities in various stages of development and consideration.

During the year ended December 31, 2024, we added 464 beds through the opening of four wholly-owned facilities and one joint venture facility, and we opened nine CTCs.

Management believes our focus on behavioral healthcare and history of completing acquisitions provides us with a strategic advantage in sourcing, evaluating and closing acquisitions. We leverage our management team’s expertise to identify and integrate acquisitions based on a disciplined acquisition strategy that focuses on quality of service, return on investment and strategic benefits. We also have a comprehensive post-acquisition strategic plan to facilitate the integration of acquired facilities that includes improving facility operations, retaining and recruiting psychiatrists and other healthcare professionals and expanding the breadth of services offered by the facilities.

Accelerate expansion across the care continuum, particularly for patients with opioid use and other substance use disorders.
 Our growth strategy includes a patient-centric approach covering the full continuum of care for behavioral healthcare services. By providing cohesive care across sites and levels of care, we are able to best serve the most complex patient populations. We are working to reach underserved patient populations by expanding our breadth of services and increasing access points.

Operations

Our facilities and services can generally be classified into the following categories: acute inpatient psychiatric facilities; specialty treatment facilities; CTCs; and residential treatment centers. Outpatient programs associated with our facilities are included within each respective service line. The table below presents the percentage of our total revenue attributed to each category for the year ended December 31, 2024:

Facility/Service

Revenue for the
Year Ended December 31, 2024

Acute inpatient psychiatric facilities

53

%

Specialty treatment facilities

19

%

Comprehensive treatment centers

17

%

Residential treatment centers

11

%

We receive payments from the following sources for services rendered in our facilities: (i) state governments under their respective Medicaid and other programs; (ii) commercial insurers; (iii) the federal government under the Medicare program administered by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (“CMS”) and other programs; and (iv) individual patients and clients. For the year ended December 31, 2024, we received 56.5% of our revenue from Medicaid, 26.0% from commercial payors, 14.2% from Medicare and 3.3% from other payors.

3

At December 31, 2024, we operated 262 behavioral healthcare facilities with approximately 11,850 beds in 39 states and Puerto Rico. Of our facilities, excluding CTCs, approximately 56% are acute inpatient psychiatric facilities, approximately 35% are specialty treatment facilities and approximately 9% are residential treatment centers at December 31, 2024. We operate 163 CTCs, 21 of which are owned properties and 142 of which are leased properties. Of our facilities that are not CTCs, 91% of our beds are at owned properties and 9% are at leased properties. For the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, our operations generated revenue of $3,154.0 million and $2,928.7 million, respectively.

Acute Inpatient Psychiatric Facilities

Acute inpatient psychiatric facilities provide a high level of care in order to stabilize patients that are either a threat to themselves or to others. The acute setting provides 24-hour observation, daily intervention and monitoring by psychiatrists. Our facilities that offer acute care services provide evaluation and crisis stabilization of patients with severe psychiatric diagnoses through a medical delivery model that incorporates structured and intensive medical and behavioral therapies with 24-hour monitoring by a psychiatrist, psychiatric trained nurses, therapists and other direct care staff. Typical lengths of stay for crisis stabilization and acute care range from three to five days and from five to twelve days, respectively.

Specialty Treatment Facilities

Our specialty treatment facilities include residential recovery facilities and eating disorder facilities. We provide a comprehensive continuum of care for adults with addictive disorders and co-occurring mental disorders. Our detoxification, inpatient, partial hospitalization and outpatient treatment programs are cost-effective and give patients access to the least restrictive level of care. All programs offer individualized treatment in a supportive and nurturing environment.

The majority of our specialty treatment services are provided to patients who abuse addictive substances such as alcohol, illicit drugs or opiates, including prescription drugs. Some of our facilities also treat other addictions and behavioral disorders such as chronic pain, sexual compulsivity, compulsive gambling, mood disorders, emotional trauma and abuse. The goal of our treatment facilities is to provide the appropriate level of treatment to an individual no matter where they are in the lifecycle of their disease in order to restore the individual to a healthier, more productive life, free from dependence on illicit substances and destructive behaviors. Our treatment facilities provide a number of different treatment services such as assessment, detoxification, medication-assisted treatment, counseling, education, lectures and group therapy. We assess and evaluate the medical, psychological and emotional needs of the patient and address these needs in the treatment process. Following this assessment, an individualized treatment program is designed to provide a foundation for a lifelong recovery process. Many modalities are used in our treatment programs to support the individual, including the twelve-step philosophy, cognitive/behavioral therapies, supportive therapies and continuing care.

Residential Recovery Facilities.
 Our residential recovery facilities house and care for patients over an extended period and typically treat patients from a broadly defined regional market. We provide three basic levels of residential treatment depending on the severity of the patient’s addiction and/or behavioral disorder. Patients with the most severe dependencies are typically placed into inpatient treatment, in which the patient resides at a treatment facility. If a patient’s condition is less severe, he or she will be offered day treatment, which allows the patient to return home in the evening. The least intensive service is where the patient visits the facility for just a few hours a week to attend counseling/group sessions.

Following primary treatment, our extended care programs typically offer residential care, which allows patients to develop healthy and appropriate living skills while remaining in a safe and nurturing setting. Patients are supported in their recovery by a semi-structured living environment that allows them to begin the process of employment or to pursue educational goals and to take personal responsibility for their recovery. The structure of this treatment phase is monitored by a primary therapist who works with each patient to integrate recovery skills and build a foundation of sobriety with a strong support system. Length of stay will vary depending on the patient’s needs.

Our outpatient clinics serve patients that do not require inpatient treatment or are transitioning from a residential treatment program; have employment, family or school commitments; and have stabilized in their recovery practices and are seeking ongoing continuing care.

Eating Disorder Facilities.
 Our eating disorder facilities provide treatment services for eating disorders, each of which may be effectively treated through a combination of medical, psychological and social treatment programs.

Our behavioral therapies are delivered in an array of treatment models that may include individual and group therapy, intensive outpatient, outpatient, partial hospitalization/day treatment, road to recovery and other programs that can be either abstinent or medication-assisted based.

4

Comprehensive Treatment Centers

Our CTCs specialize in providing medication-assisted treatment in an outpatient setting. Medication-assisted treatment combines behavioral therapy and medication to treat substance use disorders. CTCs primarily utilize medication-assisted treatment to individuals addicted to opiates such as opioid analgesics (prescription pain medications). Our professional staff can provide a broad range of patient services, including personalized treatment plans, medication management, medication dispensing, individual therapy, group therapy, peer support, vocational training and social support services. Medication is used to normalize brain chemistry to block the euphoric effects of opioids allowing our professional staff to provide behavioral therapy. The length of treatment differs from patient to patient, but typically lasts longer than one year.

Residential Treatment Centers

Residential treatment centers treat patients with behavioral disorders in a non-hospital setting. The facilities balance therapy activities with social, academic and other activities. Because the setting is less intensive, demands on staffing, security and oversight are generally lower than inpatient psychiatric facilities. Over time, however, residential treatment centers have continued to serve increasingly severe patients who would have been treated in acute care facilities in earlier years.

We provide residential treatment care through a medical model residential treatment facility, which offers intensive, medically-driven interventions and individualized treatment regimens designed to deal with moderate to high level patient acuity. Children and adolescents admitted to these facilities typically have had multiple prior failed treatment plans, severe physical, sexual and emotional abuse, termination of parental custody, substance abuse, marked deficiencies in social, interpersonal and academic skills and a wide range of psychiatric disorders. Treatment typically is provided by an interdisciplinary team coordinating psychopharmacological, individual, group and family therapy, along with specialized accredited educational programs in both secure and unlocked environments. Lengths of stay range from three months to several years.

Certain of our residential treatment centers provide group home and therapeutic group home programs. Our group home programs provide family-style living for youths in a single house or apartment within residential communities where 24-hour staff provide supervision and support. The goal of a group home program is to teach family living and social skills through individual and group counseling sessions within a real-life environment. The residents are encouraged to take responsibility for the home and their health as well as actively take part in community functions. Most attend an accredited and licensed on-premises school or a local public school. We also operate therapeutic group homes that provide comprehensive treatment services for seriously, emotionally disturbed adolescents. The ultimate goal is to reunite or place these children with their families or prepare them, when appropriate, for permanent placement with a relative or an adoptive family.

Sources of Revenue

 As of December 31, 2024, we received payments from the following sources for services rendered in our facilities: (i) state governments under their respective Medicaid and other programs; (ii) commercial insurers; (iii) the federal government under the Medicare program administered by CMS and other programs; and (iv) individual patients and clients. We determine the transaction price based on established billing rates reduced by contractual adjustments provided to third-party payors, discounts provided to uninsured patients and implicit price concessions. Contractual adjustments and discounts are based on contractual agreements, discount policies and historical experience. Implicit price concessions are based on historical collection experience. See “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Critical Accounting Policies — Revenue and Accounts Receivable” for additional disclosure. Other information related to our revenue, income and other operating information is provided in our Consolidated Financial Statements.

Regulation

The healthcare industry is subject to numerous laws, regulations and rules including, among others, those related to government healthcare program participation requirements, various licensure and accreditation standards, reimbursement for patient services from government healthcare programs and private payors, health information privacy and security rules, and government healthcare program fraud and abuse provisions. Providers that are found to have violated any of these laws and regulations may be suspended, terminated or excluded from participating in government healthcare programs, subjected to loss or limitation of licenses to operate, subjected to significant fines or penalties, subjected to corporate integrity agreements, deferred prosecution agreements, or other agreements that could subject providers to ongoing compliance obligations, and/or required to repay amounts received from the government for previously billed patient services.

Licensing, Certification and Accreditation

All of our facilities must comply with various federal, state and local licensing and certification regulations and undergo periodic inspection by licensing agencies to certify compliance with such regulations. The initial and continued licensure of our facilities and certification to participate in government healthcare programs depends upon many factors including various state

5

licensure regulations relating to quality of care, environment of care, equipment, services, staff training, personnel and the existence of adequate policies, procedures and controls. Federal, state and local agencies survey our facilities on a regular basis to determine whether the facilities are in compliance with regulatory operating and health standards and conditions for participating in government healthcare programs.

Most of our inpatient and residential facilities maintain accreditation from private entities, such as The Joint Commission or the Commission on Accreditation of Rehabilitation Facilities (“CARF”). The Joint Commission and CARF are private organizations that have accreditation programs for a broad spectrum of healthcare facilities. The Joint Commission accredits a broad variety of healthcare organizations, including hospitals and behavioral healthcare organizations. CARF accredits behavioral healthcare organizations providing mental health and alcohol and drug use and addiction services, as well as opiate treatment programs, and many other types of healthcare programs. These accreditation programs are intended generally to improve the quality, safety, outcomes and value of healthcare services provided by accredited facilities. Certain federal and state licensing agencies as well as many government and private healthcare payment programs require that providers be accredited as a condition of licensure, certification or participation. Accreditation is typically granted for a specified period, ranging from one to three years, and renewals of accreditation generally require completion of a renewal application and an on-site renewal survey.

Certificates of Need

Many of the states in which we operate facilities have enacted certificate of need (“CON”) laws that regulate the construction or expansion of certain healthcare facilities, certain capital expenditures or changes in services or bed capacity. Failure to obtain CON approval of certain activities can result in: our inability to complete an acquisition, expansion or replacement; the imposition of civil penalties; the inability to receive Medicare or Medicaid reimbursement; or the revocation of a facility’s license, any of which could harm our business.

Audits

Our healthcare facilities are also subject to federal, state and commercial payor audits to validate the accuracy of claims submitted to government healthcare programs and commercial payors. If these audits identify overpayments, we could be required to make substantial repayments, subject to various appeal rights. Our facilities are routinely subjected to claims audits in the ordinary course of business. While no such audit has identified any material overpayment liability, should a potential material overpayment liability arise from a future audit, such overpayment liability may ultimately exceed established reserves, and any excess could potentially be substantial. Further, Medicare and Medicaid regulations, as well as commercial payor contracts, also provide for withholding or suspending payments in certain circumstances, which could adversely affect our cash flow.

The Anti-Kickback Statute, the Stark Law and the Eliminating Kickbacks in Recovery Act

The Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits healthcare providers and others from directly or indirectly soliciting, receiving, offering or paying any remuneration, in cash or in kind, as an inducement or reward for using, referring, ordering, recommending or arranging for referrals or orders of services or other items paid for by a government healthcare program. The Anti-Kickback Statute may be found to have been violated if at least one purpose of the remuneration is to induce or reward referrals. A provider is not required to have actual knowledge or specific intent to commit a violation of the Anti-Kickback Statute to be found guilty of violating the law.

The Office of Inspector General of the HHS (the “OIG”) has issued safe harbor regulations that protect certain types of common arrangements from prosecution or sanction under the Anti-Kickback Statute. The fact that conduct or a business arrangement does not fall within a safe harbor does not automatically render the conduct or business arrangement illegal under the Anti-Kickback Statute. However, conduct and business arrangements falling outside the safe harbors may lead to increased scrutiny by government enforcement authorities. In December of 2020, the OIG finalized revisions to the Anti-Kickback Statute safe harbors and created new safe harbors for value-based care that became effective January 19, 2021. The new regulations are intended to improve patient care and foster innovative care models by easing regulatory burdens to coordinated and value-based care.

Although management believes that our arrangements with physicians and other referral sources comply with current law and available interpretative guidance, as a practical matter it is not always possible to structure our arrangements so as to fall squarely within an available safe harbor. Where that is the case, we cannot guarantee that applicable regulatory authorities will determine these financial arrangements do not violate the Anti-Kickback Statute or other applicable laws, including state anti-kickback laws, although we do structure such arrangements to meet as many of the safe harbor requirements as possible.

In addition to the Anti-Kickback Statute, the federal Physician Self-Referral Law, also known as the Stark Law, prohibits physicians from referring Medicare patients to healthcare entities with which they or any of their immediate family members have a financial relationship for the furnishing of any “designated health services” unless certain exceptions apply. A violation of the Stark Law may result in a denial of payment, required refunds to the Medicare program, the imposition of statutory civil monetary penalties of up to $15,000 for each prohibited claim and up to $100,000 for circumvention schemes, exclusion from government healthcare programs and liability under the False Claims Act. There are ownership and compensation arrangement exceptions for many customary financial arrangements between physicians and facilities, including the employment exception, personal services exception,

6

lease exception and certain recruitment exceptions. As part of CMS’s “regulatory sprint to coordinated care”, CMS finalized revisions to the exceptions and created new exceptions for value-based care that became effective on January 19, 2021. As with the changes made to the Anti-Kickback Statute, the new Stark exceptions are intended to improve patient care and foster innovative care models by easing regulatory burdens to coordinated and value-based care.

Management believes that our financial arrangements with physicians are structured to comply with the regulatory exceptions to the Stark Law. However, the Stark Law is a strict liability statute, meaning that no intent is required to violate the law, and even a technical violation may lead to significant penalties.

These laws and regulations are extremely complex and, in many cases, we do not have the benefit of regulatory or judicial interpretation. It is possible that different interpretations or enforcement of these laws and regulations could subject our current or past practices to allegations of impropriety or illegality or could require us to make changes in our arrangements relating to facilities, equipment, personnel, services, capital expenditure programs and operating expenses. A determination that we have violated one or more of these laws, or the public announcement that we are being investigated for possible violations of one or more of these laws, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, we cannot predict whether other federal or state legislation or regulations will be adopted, what form such legislation or regulations may take or what their impact on us may be.

The SUPPORT Act contains a number of provisions aimed at identifying at-risk individuals, increasing access to opioid abuse treatment, reducing overprescribing and promoting data sharing with the primary goal of reducing the use and abuse of opioids. Additionally, the SUPPORT Act attempts to address the problem of “patient brokering” in the context of addiction treatment facilities and sober living homes.

One section of the SUPPORT Act, the Eliminating Kickbacks in Recovery Act (“EKRA”), makes it a federal crime to knowingly and willfully: (1) solicit or receive any remuneration in return for referring a patient to a recovery home, clinical treatment facility or laboratory; or (2) pay or offer any remuneration to induce such a referral or in exchange for an individual using the services of a recovery home, clinical treatment facility, or laboratory. Each conviction under EKRA is punishable by up to $200,000 in monetary damages, imprisonment for up to ten (10) years, or both. Unlike the Anti-Kickback Statute, EKRA is not limited to services reimbursable under a government healthcare program. EKRA also contains exceptions similar to the Anti-Kickback Statute safe harbors, but those exceptions are narrower than the Anti-Kickback Statute safe harbors such that practices that would be permissible under the Anti-Kickback Statute may violate EKRA.

If we are deemed to have failed to comply with the Anti-Kickback Statute, the Stark Law, EKRA or other applicable laws and regulations, we could be subjected to liabilities, including criminal penalties, civil penalties and exclusion of one or more facilities from participation in the government healthcare programs. The imposition of such penalties could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.

Federal False Claims Act and Other Fraud and Abuse Provisions

The federal False Claims Act provides the government with a tool to pursue healthcare providers for submitting false claims or requests for payment for healthcare items or services. Under the False Claims Act, the government may fine any person or entity that, among other things, knowingly submits, or causes the submission of, false or fraudulent claims for payment to the federal government or knowingly and improperly avoids or decreases an obligation to pay money to the federal government. The federal government has widely used the False Claims Act to prosecute Medicare and other federal healthcare program fraud such as coding errors, billing for services not provided, submitting false cost reports and providing care that is not medically necessary or that is substandard in quality. Claims for services or items rendered in violation of the Anti-Kickback Statute or the Stark Law can provide a basis for liability under the False Claims Act as well. The False Claims Act is also implicated by the knowing failure to report and return an overpayment within 60 days of identifying the overpayment or by the date a corresponding cost report is due, whichever is later.

Violations of the False Claims Act are punishable by significant penalties totaling $14,308 to $28,619 for each fraudulent claim plus three times the amount of damages sustained by the government. In addition, under the qui tam, or whistleblower, provisions of the False Claims Act, private parties may bring actions under the False Claims Act on behalf of the federal government. These private parties, known as relators, are entitled to share in any amounts recovered by the government, and, as a result, whistleblower lawsuits have increased significantly in recent years. Many states have similar false claims statutes that impose liability for the types of acts prohibited by the False Claims Act or that otherwise prohibit the submission of false or fraudulent claims to the state government or Medicaid program.

In addition to the False Claims Act, the federal government may use several criminal laws, such as the federal mail fraud, wire fraud or healthcare fraud statutes, to prosecute the submission of false or fraudulent claims for payment to the federal government. A determination that activities resulted in the submission of false claims could result in monetary liability, prison sentences, and/or exclusion from participation in any healthcare program funded in whole or in part by the U.S. government, including Medicare, Medicaid and TRICARE, as well as state healthcare programs. Any allegations or findings that we have violated the False Claims Act and criminal laws could have a material adverse impact on our reputation, business, results of operations, and financial condition.

Most states have also adopted generally applicable insurance fraud statutes and regulations that prohibit healthcare providers from submitting inaccurate, incorrect or misleading claims to private insurance companies. Management believes our healthcare

7

facilities have implemented appropriate safeguards and procedures to complete claim forms and requests for payment in an accurate manner and to operate in compliance with applicable laws. However, the possibility of billing or other errors can never be completely eliminated, and we cannot guarantee that the government or a qui tam plaintiff, upon audit or review, would not take the position that billing, the quality of patient care or other deficiencies or errors, should they occur, are violations of the False Claims Act or other criminal laws.

HIPAA Administrative Simplification and Privacy and Security Requirements

The administrative simplification provisions of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (“HIPAA”), as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act (“HITECH”), require the use of uniform electronic data transmission standards for healthcare claims and payment transactions submitted or received electronically. These provisions are intended to encourage electronic commerce in the healthcare industry. HIPAA also established federal rules protecting the privacy and security of individually identifiable protected health information (“PHI”). The privacy and security regulations control the use and disclosure of PHI and the rights of patients to be informed about and control how such PHI is used and disclosed. Violations of HIPAA can result in both criminal and civil fines and penalties.

The HIPAA security regulations require healthcare providers to implement administrative, physical and technical safeguards to protect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of PHI. HITECH has strengthened certain HIPAA rules regarding the use and disclosure of PHI, extended certain HIPAA provisions to business associates and created security breach notification requirements including notifications to the individuals affected by the breach, the HHS, and in certain cases, the media. HITECH has also increased maximum penalties for violations of HIPAA privacy rules. Management believes that we have been in material compliance with the HIPAA regulations and have developed our policies and procedures to ensure ongoing compliance, although we cannot guarantee that our facilities will not be subject to security incidents or breaches which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.

Moreover, in response to the increasing number of cyberattacks targeting the healthcare sector, the HHS issued a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking on January 6, 2025, aimed at enhancing HIPAA security regulations. Should these proposed regulatory changes be enacted, our facilities will need to comply with the new security standards, potentially incurring significant costs associated with compliance.

The Emergency Medical Treatment & Labor Act

The Emergency Medical Treatment & Labor Act (“EMTALA”) is intended to ensure public access to emergency services regardless of ability to pay. Section 1867 of the Social Security Act imposes specific obligations on Medicare-participating hospitals that offer emergency services to provide a medical screening examination when a request is made for examination or treatment for an emergency medical condition regardless of an individual’s ability to pay. Hospitals are then required to provide stabilizing treatment for patients with emergency medical conditions. If a hospital is unable to stabilize a patient within its capability, or if the patient requests, an appropriate transfer must be implemented. EMTALA imposes additional obligations on hospitals with specialized capabilities, such as ours, to accept the transfer of patients in need of such specialized capabilities if those patients present in the emergency room of a hospital that does not possess the specialized capabilities.

Mental Health Parity Legislation

The MHPAEA was signed into law in October 2008 and requires health insurance plans that offer mental health and addiction coverage to provide that coverage on par with financial and treatment coverage offered for other illnesses. The MHPAEA has some limitations because health plans that do not already cover mental health treatments are not required to do so, and health plans are not required to provide coverage for every mental health condition published in the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders by the American Psychiatric Association. The MHPAEA also contains a cost exemption which operates to exempt a group health plan from the MHPAEA’s requirements if compliance with the MHPAEA becomes too costly.

On December 13, 2016, President Obama signed the 21
st
 Century Cures Act. The 21
st
 Century Cures Act appropriated substantial resources for the treatment of behavioral healthcare and substance abuse disorders and contained measures intended to strengthen the MHPAEA.

CARES Act and Other Regulatory Matters

As part of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act (the “CARES Act”), the U.S. government announced it would offer $100 billion of relief to eligible healthcare providers. We account for government grants by analogizing to the grant model in accordance with International Accounting Standard 20, Accounting for Government Grants and Disclosure of Government Assistance, and as such, have recognized income from grants in line with the recognition of expenses or the loss of revenues for which the grants are intended to compensate. We recognize grants once both of the following conditions are met: (i) we are able to comply with the relevant terms and conditions of the grant and (ii) the grant will be received.

8

We have participated in certain relief programs offered through the CARES Act, including receipt of funds relating to the Public Health and Social Services Emergency Fund (“PHSSE Fund”), also known as the Provider Relief Fund, and the American Rescue Plan (“ARP”) Rural Payments for Hospitals. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded $21.5 million of income from provider relief fund related to ARP funds received. During the year ended December 31, 2023, we recorded $6.4 million of income from provider relief fund related to ARP funds received and repaid the remaining balance of ARP funds to eliminate the liability.

Healthcare providers were required to sign an attestation confirming receipt of the PHSSE Fund amounts and agree to the terms and conditions of payment. Under the terms and conditions for receipt of the payment, we were allowed to use the funds to cover lost revenues and healthcare costs related to the novel coronavirus known as COVID-19 (“COVID-19”), and we were required to properly and fully document the use of these funds to the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. The reporting of these funds is subject to future audit for compliance with the terms and conditions. We recognized PHSSE Fund amounts to the extent it had qualifying COVID-19 expenses or lost revenues as permitted under the terms and conditions.

Risk Management and Insurance

The healthcare industry in general continues to experience an increase in the frequency and severity of litigation and claims. As is typical in the healthcare industry, we are subject to claims that our services have resulted in injury to our patients or clients or other adverse effects. In addition, resident, visitor and employee injuries also subject us to the risk of litigation. While management believes that quality care is provided to patients and clients in our facilities and that we substantially comply with all applicable regulatory requirements, an adverse settlement determination in a legal proceeding or government investigation could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.

Our statutory workers’ compensation program is fully insured with a $0.5 million deductible per accident. A portion of our professional liability risks are insured through a wholly-owned insurance subsidiary providing coverage for up to $7.0 million per claim and $10.0 million for certain other claims through August 31, 2024 and $10.0 million per claim, $15.0 million per claim for certain other claims and $25.0 million for certain batched claims thereafter. We have obtained reinsurance coverage from a third-party to cover claims in excess of those limits. The reinsurance policy has a coverage limit of $78.0 million or $75.0 million in the aggregate for certain other claims through August 31, 2024 and $80.0 million or $75.0 million in the aggregate for certain other claims thereafter. Our reinsurance receivables are recognized consistent with the related liabilities, and include known claims and any incurred but not reported claims that are covered by current insurance policies in place.

Environmental Matters

We are subject to various federal, state and local environmental laws that: (i) regulate certain activities and operations that may have environmental or health and safety effects, such as the handling, storage, transportation, treatment and disposal of medical waste products generated at our facilities, the identification and warning of the presence of asbestos-containing materials in buildings, as well as the removal of such materials, the presence of other hazardous substances in the indoor environment and protection of the environment and natural resources in connection with the development or construction of our facilities; (ii) impose liability for costs of cleaning up, and damages to natural resources from, past spills, waste disposals on and off-site, or other releases of hazardous materials or regulated substances; and (iii) regulate workplace safety. Some of our facilities generate infectious or other hazardous medical waste due to the illness or physical condition of our patients. The management of infectious medical waste is subject to regulation under various federal, state and local environmental laws, which establish management requirements for such waste. These requirements include record-keeping, notice and reporting obligations. Each of our facilities has an agreement with a waste management company for the disposal of medical waste. The use of such companies, however, does not completely protect us from violations of medical waste laws or from related third-party claims for clean-up costs.

From time to time, our operations have resulted in, or may result in, non-compliance with, or liability pursuant to, environmental or health and safety laws or regulations. Management believes that our operations are generally in compliance with environmental and health and safety regulatory requirements, including legal requirements relating to climate change, or that any non-compliance will not result in a material liability or cost to achieve compliance. Historically, the costs of achieving and maintaining compliance with environmental laws and regulations at our facilities have not been material. However, we cannot assure you that future costs and expenses required for us to comply with any new or changes in existing environmental and health and safety laws and regulations or new or discovered environmental conditions will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, we could be affected by climate change to the extent that climate change results in severe weather conditions or other disruptions impacting the communities in which our facilities are located. For more information regarding climate change and its possible adverse impact on us, see “