Item 3. Legal Proceedings.
Union organization activities could disrupt our business by discouraging patrons from visiting our properties, causing labor disputes or work stoppages, and, if successful, could significantly increase our labor costs.
Our properties have been subject to ongoing efforts of union activists to enter into collective bargaining agreements and to organize our employees into collective bargaining units. The Local Joint Executive Board of Las Vegas (the “LJEBLV”) has been certified as the collective bargaining representative of non-gaming employees at Green Valley Ranch. We have not yet entered into collective bargaining agreements with the bargaining units represented by the LJEBLV at Green Valley Ranch. The LJEBLV had been recognized as the collective bargaining representative for a unit of non-gaming employees at Palace Station, Boulder Station and Sunset Station, but we no longer recognize the LJEBLV as the bargaining representative of each of those employees at those properties, as each of those properties received a petition indicating that a majority of its bargaining unit employees no longer desired to be represented by the LJEBLV. In an election held in December 2019, a proposed bargaining unit consisting of non-gaming employees of Red Rock rejected the LJEBLV as their bargaining representative. The LJEBLV and the National Labor Relations Board (the “NLRB”) have contested the election results at Red Rock and we are currently engaged in litigation with the NLRB relating to the outcome of the Red Rock election. The LJEBLV and the NLRB are also contesting the withdrawal of recognition of the LJEBLV at Boulder Station, Palace Station and Sunset Station and in addition have commenced, and we are actively litigating, various actions which seek, among other things, orders forcing us to collectively bargain with the LJEBLV at each of our resort properties. Accordingly, it is uncertain whether we will be subject to, or continue to be subject to, a bargaining obligation or whether we will eventually agree to enter into a collective bargaining agreement at any of our properties. In addition, slot technicians are represented by the International Union of Operating 
24
Table of Contents

Engineers, Local 501 (“Local 501”) at Palace Station. We are bargaining with, but have not yet entered into collective bargaining agreements with, the bargaining units represented by Local 501 at this property. Local 501 had been recognized as the collective bargaining representative for a unit of slot technicians at Sunset Station, Green Valley Ranch and Red Rock, but we no longer recognize Local 501 as the bargaining representative of those employees at those properties, as each of those properties received a petition indicating that a majority of its bargaining unit employees no longer desired to be represented by Local 501.

Local 501 and the NLRB are contesting the withdrawal of recognition of Local 501 at Sunset Station, Green Valley Ranch and Red Rock. None of our other casino properties are currently subject to any bargaining obligation, collective bargaining agreement or similar arrangement with any union; however, we believe that organizing efforts are ongoing at this time. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that our casino properties will not ultimately be unionized. 
Union organization efforts could cause disruptions to our casino properties and discourage patrons from visiting our properties and may cause us to incur significant costs, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, union activities may result in labor disputes, including work stoppages, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, collective bargaining involving any of our existing or future properties in the event that they become organized introduces an element of uncertainty into planning our future labor costs, which could have a material adverse effect on the business of our casino properties and our financial condition and results of operations.
Work stoppages, labor problems and unexpected shutdowns may limit our operational flexibility and negatively impact our future profits.
Any work stoppage at one or more of our casino properties or construction projects which may be undertaken, in each case whether or not union driven, could require us to expend significant funds to hire replacement workers, and qualified replacement labor may not be available at reasonable costs, if at all. Strikes and work stoppages could also result in adverse media attention or otherwise discourage customers from visiting our casino properties. Strikes and work stoppages involving laborers at a construction project could result in construction delays and increases in construction costs. As a result, a strike or other work stoppage at one of our casino properties or any construction project could have an adverse effect on the business of our casino properties and our financial condition and results of operations. There can be no assurance that we will not experience a strike or work stoppage at one or more of our casino properties or any construction project in the future. As noted above, our properties have been subject to ongoing efforts of union activists to enter into collective bargaining agreements and to organize our employees into collective bargaining units.
Any unexpected shutdown of one of our casino properties or any construction project could have an adverse effect on the business of our casino properties and our results of operations. There can be no assurance that we will be adequately prepared for unexpected events, including political or regulatory actions, which may lead to a temporary or permanent shutdown of any of our casino properties.
The concentration and evolution of the slot machine manufacturing industry or other technological conditions could impose additional costs on us.
We rely on a variety of hardware and software products to maximize revenue and efficiency in our operations. Technology in the gaming industry is developing rapidly, and we may need to invest substantial amounts to acquire the most current gaming and hotel technology and equipment in order to remain competitive in the markets in which we operate. In addition, we may not be able to successfully implement and/or maintain any acquired technology, which could adversely impact our business.
We are subject to extensive federal, state and local regulation and governmental authorities have significant control over our operations and any failure to comply with the regulations that govern our operations could have an adverse effect on our business.
Our ownership and operation of gaming facilities is subject to extensive regulation, including licensing requirements, by the states, counties and cities in which we operate. These laws, regulations and ordinances vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, but generally concern the responsibility, financial stability and character of the owners and managers of gaming operations as well as persons financially interested or involved in gaming operations, and we are subject to extensive background investigations and suitability standards in our gaming business. We also will become subject to regulation in any other jurisdiction where we choose to operate in the future. As such, gaming regulators can require us to disassociate ourselves from suppliers or business partners found unsuitable by the regulators or, alternatively, can require us to cease operations in a particular jurisdiction. In addition, unsuitable activity on our part, on the part of individuals investing in or otherwise involved with us or on the part of our owners, managers or unconsolidated affiliates in any jurisdiction could have a negative effect on our ability to continue operating in other jurisdictions.
25
Table of Contents

In addition, we are subject to various gaming taxes, which are subject to possible increase at any time, and federal income tax. Tax laws are dynamic and subject to change as new laws are passed and new interpretations of the law are issued or applied. In addition, governmental tax authorities are increasingly scrutinizing the tax positions of companies. If United States or state tax authorities change applicable tax laws, including laws relating to taxation of gaming operations, our overall taxes could increase, and our business, financial condition or results of operations may be adversely impacted.
We also deal with significant amounts of cash in our operations and are subject to various reporting and anti-money laundering regulations. As a result of such regulations, we are subject to periodic examinations by the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (“FinCEN”) and we may be required to pay substantial penalties if we fail to comply with applicable regulations. Any violations of anti-money laundering laws or regulations by any of our properties could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
In June 2024, the U.S. Supreme Court reversed its longstanding approach under the Chevron doctrine, which provided for judicial deference to regulatory agencies. As a result of this decision, we cannot be sure whether there will be increased challenges to existing agency regulations or how lower courts will apply the decision in the context of other regulatory schemes without more specific guidance from the U.S. Supreme Court.
For example, the U.S. Supreme Court’s decision could significantly impact gaming regulation, tax laws, anti-money laundering regulations, environmental laws, labor laws and other regulatory regimes with which we are required to comply. New approaches to policymaking and legislation may also produce unintended harms for our business, which may impact our ability to operate our business in the manner in which we are accustomed. Any of these regulations could negatively affect how we market our offerings and increase our regulatory compliance or tax.
For a more complete description of the regulatory requirements, see