ITEM 1A.
RISK FACTORS
The following risk factors should be considered carefully in addition to the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Any of these risks and uncertainties could cause our actual results to differ materially from the results contemplated by the forward-looking statements. The following risk factors set forth the risks that we believe are material to our business, financial condition, assets, operations and equity interests. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. The risks described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks currently not known to us or that we believe to be immaterial could also adversely impact our business. 
Any one of the factors discussed below or elsewhere in this report or the cumulative effect of some of the factors referred to herein may result in significant fluctuations in our financial and other operating results. This variability and unpredictability could result in our failure to meet investor expectations for our revenues or other operating results for a particular period. If we fail to meet or exceed such expectations for these or any other reasons, the market price of our common stock could decrease.
Business, Economic, Market and Operating Risks
We depend on the residents of the Las Vegas regional market and repeat visitors, which subjects us to greater risks than a gaming company with more diverse operations.
All of our casino properties are dependent upon attracting Las Vegas residents as well as out of town visitors. As a result of our concentration in the Las Vegas regional market, we have greater exposure to a number of risks than we would have if we had operations outside of the Las Vegas valley. These risks include the following:
•
local economic and competitive conditions;
•
changes in local and state governmental laws and regulations, including gaming laws and regulations;
•
natural and other disasters; 
•
increased gasoline prices, which may discourage travelers from visiting our properties; and
•
a decline in the local population.
Our strategy of growth through master-planning of certain of our major casinos for future expansion was developed, in part, based on projected population growth in Las Vegas. Las Vegas and its surrounding areas have been growing over the past few decades, including certain periods of significant growth, but no assurance can be given that the regional population will continue to grow at its historic pace or at all. Even if the current growth trend continues, there can be no assurance that such population growth will justify future development, additional casinos or the expansion of any of our existing casinos, which can affect our results of operations and financial condition and limits our ability to expand our business.
Our business is sensitive to changes in consumer sentiment and discretionary spending.
Consumer demand for the offerings of casino hotel properties such as ours is sensitive to factors impacting consumer confidence, including downturns in the economy and other factors that impact discretionary spending on leisure activities. Changes in discretionary consumer spending, consumer preferences or consumer purchase power brought about by factors such as perceived or actual general economic conditions and customer confidence in the economy, unemployment, inflation, uncertainty and distress in the housing and credit markets, the impact of high energy, fuel, food and healthcare costs, perceived or actual changes in disposable consumer income and wealth, taxes, and effects or fears of war, civil unrest, terrorism, violence, widespread illnesses, epidemics or pandemics could further reduce customer demand for our offerings and materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
After years of maintaining a low interest rate environment, central banks worldwide significantly and swiftly increased interest rates to combat inflation. While the global inflation rate began to ease somewhat in 2023 and 2024 as a result of central bank policy tightening, core inflation remains persistent. As a result of the decline in global inflation, while the U.S. Federal Reserve cut the federal funds rate three times in 2024 by a total of 100 basis points, the U.S. Federal Reserve held rates steady in their January 2025 meeting and indicated the pause will likely continue for 2025. As a result, there is no telling if interest rates will stabilize, increase or decrease, either globally or in the United States specifically. Widespread increases in the cost of goods and services due to inflation and supply chain challenges and rising interest rates have negatively impacted, and may continue to negatively impact, the discretionary spending of our customers in the future and, in turn, may adversely impact our results of operations. Additionally, inflation has led to higher labor and food and beverage costs, which have negatively impacted and may continue to negatively impact our results of operations. We cannot be certain of the extent or duration of any resulting negative impacts on our business.
21
Table of Contents

Our casinos draw a substantial number of customers from the Las Vegas metropolitan area, as well as nearby geographic areas, including Southern California, Arizona and Utah. While our business is affected by the general economic conditions in the United States, our business and results of operations would be particularly negatively impacted if our target markets experience an economic downturn or other adverse conditions, including declines in housing prices and/or an increase in unemployment rates.
We face substantial competition in the gaming industry and we expect that such competition will intensify.
Our casino properties face competition for customers and employees from all other casinos and hotels in the Las Vegas metropolitan area including, to some degree, each other. In addition, our casino properties face competition from all smaller nonrestricted gaming locations and restricted gaming locations (locations with 15 or fewer slot machines) in the Las Vegas metropolitan area, including those that primarily target the local and repeat visitor markets. Major additions, expansions or enhancements of existing properties or the construction of new properties by competitors could also have a material adverse effect on the business of our casino properties. If our competitors operate more successfully than we do, or if they attract customers away from our casinos as a result of aggressive pricing and promotions or enhanced or expanded properties, we may lose market share and our business could be adversely affected. If our competitors are successful in soliciting our employees, replacing them could be costly. 
To a lesser extent, our casino properties compete with gaming operations in other parts of the state of Nevada and other gaming markets in the United States and in other parts of the world, with online betting and gaming, state sponsored lotteries, on- and off-track pari-mutuel wagering (a system of betting under which wagers are placed in a pool, management receives a fee from the pool, and the remainder of the pool is split among the winning wagers), card rooms and other forms of legalized gaming and illegal gaming. The gaming industry also includes dockside casinos, riverboat casinos, racetracks with slot machines and casinos located on Native American land. There is intense competition among companies in the gaming industry, some of which have significantly greater resources than we do. Our properties have encountered additional competition as large-scale Native American gaming on Indian lands has increased, particularly in California, and competition may intensify if more Native American gaming facilities are developed. Several states including Florida, North Carolina and Texas, have approved or are currently considering the approval of legalized casino gaming in designated areas and the expansion of existing gaming operations or additional gaming sites. In May 2018, the United States Supreme Court overturned a law prohibiting states from legalizing sports wagering which has resulted in a substantial expansion of sports betting outside the state of Nevada, including online sports betting. In addition, multiple operators offer online gaming in Nevada and a number of other states and online betting and gaming is expected to continue to expand in states that currently authorize such activities and in new jurisdictions that legalize such activities. Internet gaming and the expansion of legalized casino gaming or legalized sports betting in new or existing jurisdictions and on Native American land could result in additional competition that could adversely affect our results of operations, especially if such gaming is conducted in areas close to our properties or they offer alternatives that do not require a visit to any property. For further details on competition in the gaming industry, see