Item 1A. Risk Factors
.
At December 31, 2024, we had $164.4 million in cash and cash equivalents, and Station LLC’s borrowing availability under its revolving credit facility was $897.7 million, which was net of $155.0 million in outstanding borrowings and $47.3 million in outstanding letters of credit and similar obligations. Station LLC maintains its borrowing availability under its revolving credit facility, subject to continued compliance with the terms of the credit facility. See Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information about our long-term debt.
On March 14, 2024, Station LLC entered into the Credit Agreement, which amended and restated the existing credit agreement and pursuant to which Station LLC repaid all loans outstanding under the existing credit agreement and (a) incurred (i) a new senior secured term “B” loan facility in an aggregate principal amount of $1.57 billion (the “New Term Loan B Facility” and the term “B” loans funded thereunder, the “New Term B Loan”) and (ii) a new senior secured revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of $1.1 billion (the “New Revolving Credit Facility” and, together with the New Term Loan B Facility, the “Credit Facilities”), and (b) made certain other amendments to the existing credit agreement, including the extinguishment of the existing term loan “A” facility. The New Revolving Credit Facility will mature on March 14, 2029 and the New Term Loan B Facility will mature on March 14, 2031. Borrowings under the Credit Facilities bear interest at a rate per annum, at our option, equal to either the forward-looking Secured Overnight Financing Rate term (“Term SOFR”) or a base rate determined by reference to the highest of (i) the federal funds rate plus 0.50%, (ii) the administrative agent’s “prime rate” and (iii) the one-month Term SOFR plus 1.00%, in each case plus an applicable margin. 
On December 18, 2024, Station LLC entered into the Amendment to reduce the interest rate margins applicable to the Company’s existing New Term Loan B Facility. Such applicable margin is 2.00% per annum in the case of any Term SOFR loan and 1.00% in the case of any base rate loan. Prior to the Amendment, the New Term Loan B Facility applicable margin was 2.25% per annum in the case of any Term SOFR loan and 1.25% in the case of any base rate loan.
47
Table of Contents

In April 2024, we entered into two zero cost interest rate collars to manage our exposure to interest rate movements associated with our variable interest rate debt. The interest rate collars, which have a total notional amount of $750.0 million, include a Term SOFR cap of 5.25% and a weighted average Term SOFR floor of 2.89%. The interest rate collars became effective in April 2024 and will mature in April 2029. See Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information about our derivative instruments.
In addition, on March 14, 2024, we issued $500.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 6.625% Senior Notes due 2032, pursuant to an indenture dated as of March 14, 2024, by and among Station LLC, the guarantors party thereto and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee. Interest on the 6.625% Senior Notes is paid every six months in arrears on March 15 and September 15, and commenced on September 15, 2024. 
See Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information about our long-term debt.
Our primary capital requirements for the near term are expected to be related to the operation and maintenance of our properties, debt service payments, dividends and distributions. Our anticipated uses of cash for 2025 include (i) approximately $375.0 million to $425.0 million for capital expenditures, (ii) approximately $20.0 million for construction advances on the North Fork Project (iii) required principal and interest payments totaling approximately $52.9 million and $201.2 million, respectively, on Station LLC’s indebtedness, (iv) dividends to our Class A common stockholders, and (v) distributions to noncontrolling interest holders of Station Holdco, including “tax distributions”, which may be made quarterly when required and in amounts that may vary from quarter to quarter. Other payment obligations include salaries, wages and employee benefits, service contracts, property taxes, insurance, federal income taxes and other obligations.
At December 31, 2024, $1.7 billion of the borrowings under our credit agreements were based on variable rates, primarily SOFR. We cannot predict the SOFR or base rate interest rates that will be in effect in the future, and actual rates will vary, which will impact our interest cost. Based on our outstanding borrowings at December 31, 2024, an assumed 1% increase in variable interest rates would cause our annual interest cost to increase by approximately $17.1 million. See 
Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk for additional information.
 On February 11, 2025, we announced that Red Rock will pay a quarterly cash dividend of $0.25 per share of Class A common stock, to be paid on March 31, 2025 to shareholders of record as of March 17, 2025. Prior to the payment of the dividend, Station Holdco will make a cash distribution to all LLC Unit holders, including Red Rock, of $0.25 per LLC Unit, a portion of which will be paid to the other unit holders of Station Holdco. 
We are obligated to make payments under the TRA, which is described in Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. At December 31, 2024, such obligations with respect to previously consummated transactions totaled $20.4 million. Future payments in respect of any subsequent exchanges of LLC Units for Class A common stock would be in addition to these amounts and are expected to be substantial. The timing of payments under the TRA may vary. The payments that we are required to make will generally reduce the amount of overall cash that might have otherwise been available to us, but we expect the cash tax savings we will realize from the utilization of the related deferred tax assets to fund the required payments.
On May 2, 2024, our board of directors extended the expiration date of the equity repurchase program to December 31, 2025. Our board of directors has authorized $600.0 million for repurchases of Class A common stock under our equity repurchase program. We are not obligated to repurchase any shares under the program. Subject to applicable laws and the provisions of any agreements restricting our ability to do so, repurchases may be made at our discretion from time to time through open market purchases, negotiated transactions or tender offers, depending on market conditions and other factors. During the year ended December 31, 2024, we repurchased 75,000 shares of our Class A common stock in open market transactions at a weighted-average price of $52.29 per share. At December 31, 2024, we had $309.0 million of remaining repurchases authorized under the program. From time to time, we may also seek to repurchase our outstanding indebtedness. Any such purchases may be funded by existing cash balances or the incurrence of debt, including borrowings under our credit facility. The amount and timing of any repurchase will be based on business and market conditions, capital availability, compliance with debt covenants and other considerations.
We expect that cash on hand, cash generated from operations and, to the extent necessary, borrowings available under the Credit Facilities will be sufficient to fund our operations and capital requirements and service our outstanding indebtedness for the next twelve months and beyond. We regularly assess our projected cash requirements for capital expenditures, repayment of debt obligations, and payment of other general corporate and operational needs. In the long term, we expect that we will fund our capital requirements with a combination of cash generated from operations, borrowings under the credit facility and the issuance of debt or equity as market conditions may permit. However, our cash flow and ability to obtain debt or equity financing on terms that are satisfactory to us, or at all, may be affected by a variety of factors, including competition, 
48
Table of Contents

general economic and business conditions and financial markets. As a result, we cannot provide any assurance that we will generate sufficient income and liquidity to meet all of our liquidity requirements or other obligations.
Following is a summary of our cash flow information (amounts in thousands):
Year Ended December 31,

2024
2023
Net cash provided by (used in):
Operating activities
$
548,263 
$
494,337 
Investing activities
(321,793)
(653,851)
Financing activities
(199,673)
179,811 
Cash Flows from Operations
Our operating cash flows primarily consist of operating income generated by our properties (excluding depreciation and other non-cash charges), interest paid and changes in working capital accounts such as inventories, prepaid expenses, receivables and payables. The majority of our revenue is generated from our slot machine and table game play, which is conducted primarily on a cash basis. Our food and beverage, room and other revenues are also primarily cash-based. As a result, fluctuations in our revenues have a direct impact on our cash flow from operations. 
Net cash provided by operating activities for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 totaled $548.3 million and $494.3 million, respectively. Cash flow from operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2024 included $209.7 million in interest payments and $30.3 million cash paid for income taxes, compared to $170.5 million and $21.1 million, respectively, for the prior year. For the year ended December 31, 2024, we also paid $11.4 million in fees and costs related to debt modification. In addition, our operating cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2024 increased as compared to the prior year due to our Durango property and changes in working capital accounts. Information about our operating activities is presented within 
Results of Operations
 above.
Cash Flows from Investing Activities
For the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, cash paid for capital expenditures totaled $283.9 million and $699.5 million, respectively. Capital expenditures for the year ended December 31, 2024 primarily related to various renovation projects. Capital expenditures for the year ended December 31, 2023 were primarily related to the Durango project. For the year ended December 31, 2023, cash inflows from investing activities included net cash proceeds of $52.2 million from the sale of our Texas Station and Fiesta Rancho land parcels.
Cash Flows from Financing Activities
As described above, during the year ended December 31, 2024, Station LLC entered into an amended and restated credit agreement pursuant to which it repaid all loans outstanding under the existing credit agreement, borrowed $1,570.0 million under the New Term Loan B Facility and borrowed $155.0 million under the New Revolving Credit Facility, net of repayments. Station LLC also issued $500.0 million in principal amount of 6.625% Senior Notes due 2032 and paid $23.6 million in debt issuance costs. In addition, we paid $118.4 million in dividends to holders of our Class A common stock and $126.7 million in cash distributions to the noncontrolling interest holders of Station Holdco. We also paid $13.8 million related to tax withholding on share-based compensation during the year.
For the year ended December 31, 2023, we borrowed $476.5 million under the revolving credit facility, and we paid $58.6 million in dividends to holders of our Class A common stock, $76.7 million in cash distributions to the noncontrolling interest holders of Station Holdco and we paid $14.7 million related to tax withholding on share-based compensation. 
Restrictive Covenants
Certain customary covenants are included in both the Credit Agreement governing the Credit Facilities and the indentures governing Station LLC’s senior notes that, among other things and subject to certain exceptions, restrict Station LLC’s ability and the ability of its restricted subsidiaries to incur or guarantee additional debt; create liens on collateral; engage in mergers, consolidations or asset dispositions; pay distributions; make investments, loans or advances; engage in certain transactions with affiliates or subsidiaries; engage in lines of business other than its core business and related businesses; or issue certain preferred units.
49
Table of Contents

The Credit Facility also includes certain financial ratio covenants that Station LLC is required to maintain throughout the term of the Credit Facility, measured as of the end of each quarter. These financial ratio covenants include a maximum total secured leverage ratio of 5.00 to 1.00. A breach of the financial ratio covenants shall only become an event of default if not cured and a Covenant Facility Acceleration has occurred. We believe Station LLC was in compliance with all applicable covenants at December 31, 2024.
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
At December 31, 2024, we had no variable interests in unconsolidated entities that provide off-balance sheet financing, liquidity, market risk or credit risk support, or that engage in leasing, hedging or research and development arrangements with us, nor did we have retained or contingent interests in assets transferred to an unconsolidated entity. At December 31, 2024, we had outstanding letters of credit and similar obligations totaling $47.3 million.
Native American Development 
We have development and management agreements with the North Fork Rancheria of Mono Indians, a federally recognized Native American tribe located near Fresno, California, pursuant to which we will assist the Mono in developing, financing and operating a gaming and entertainment facility to be located on Highway 99 north of the city of Madera, California. See Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Regulation and Taxes 
We are subject to extensive regulation by Nevada gaming authorities, as well as regulation by gaming authorities in the other jurisdictions in which we operate, including the NIGC and the California Gambling Control Commission. We will also be subject to regulation, which may or may not be similar to that in Nevada, by any other jurisdiction in which we may conduct gaming activities in the future. For a more complete description of our regulatory requirements, see