Item 3. Legal Proceedings
We are not currently a party to any material proceeding. From time to time, we may become involved in legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of our business. Regardless of outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us due to defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources, negative publicity, reputational harm, and other factors.
Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures
Not Applicable.
-92-
Part II
Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
Market Information
Our common stock has been listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol “MLYS” since our IPO on February 14, 2023, which was completed at a price to the public of $16.00 per share. Prior to our IPO, there was no public market for our common stock.
Holders of Common Stock
As of February 7, 2025, we had approximately 8 stockholders of record. This number was derived from our stockholder records and does not include beneficial owners of our common stock whose shares are held in the name of various dealers, clearing agencies, banks, brokers, and other fiduciaries.
Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans
Information about securities authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plans is incorporated herein by reference to 
Item 12
 of Part III of this Annual Report. 
Dividend Policy
We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain future earnings, if any, to finance the operation of our business and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our capital stock in the foreseeable future. Any future determination related to our dividend policy will be made at the discretion of our board of directors after considering our financial condition, results of operations, current and anticipated capital requirements, business prospects, and other factors our board of directors deems relevant, and subject to applicable laws and the restrictions contained in any future financing instruments.
Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
None.
Repurchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers
None. 
Item 6. [Reserved]