Item 3.
Legal Proceedings
24
Item 4.
Mine Safety Disclosures
24
PART II
Item 5.
Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
25
Item 6.
[Reserved]
26
Item 7.
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
27
Item 7A.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
34
Item 8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
36
Item 9.
Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
62
Item 9A
.
Controls and Procedures
63
Item 9B.
Other Information
64
Item 9C.
Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections
64
PART III
Item 10.
Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
65
Item 11.
Executive Compensation
65
Item 12.
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
65
Item 13.
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
65
Item 14.
Principal Accounting Fees and Services
65
PART IV
Item 15.
Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules
65
Item 16.
Form 10-K Summary
67
SIGNATURES
68
Unless the context otherwise requires, for purposes of the Annual Report on Form 10-K, the words “we,” “us,” “our,” the “Company,” “SPS,” and “SPS Commerce” refer to SPS Commerce, Inc.
 SPS COMMERCE, INC.
2
Form 10-K for the Annual Period ended December 31, 2024
Table
 of Contents
SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION
This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements

within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward looking statements regarding us, our business prospects and our results of operations are subject to certain risks and uncertainties posed by many factors and events that could cause our actual business, prospects and results of operations to differ materially from those that may be anticipated by such forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this report. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by the following words: “anticipate,” “assume,” “believe,” “continue,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” “may,” “ongoing,” “plan,” “potential,” “predict,” “project,” “should,” “will,” “would,” or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology, although not all forward-looking statements contain these words. Similarly, statements that describe our future plans, objectives or goals are also forward-looking. Forward-looking statements may also be made from time to time in oral presentations, including telephone conferences and/or webcasts open to the public. Shareholders, potential investors, and others are cautioned that all forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause results in future periods to differ materially from those anticipated by some of the statements made in this report, including the risks and uncertainties described in Part I, Item IA, “Risk Factors” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, as may be updated in our subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q or other filings from time to time. We expressly disclaim any intent or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Readers are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made by us in this report and in our other reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") that advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may affect our business.
 SPS COMMERCE, INC.
3
Form 10-K for the Annual Period ended December 31, 2024
Table
 of Contents
PART I