Item 3.
Legal Proceedings
30
Item 4.
Mine Safety Disclosures
30
PART II
Item 5.
Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
30
Item 6.
[Reserved]
32
Item 7.
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
33
Item 7A.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk
37
Item 8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
38
Item 9.
Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
70
Item 9A.
Controls and Procedures
70
Item 9B.
Other Information
71
Item 9C.
Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections
71
PART III
Item 10.
Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
71
Item 11.
Executive Compensation
72
Item 12.
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
72
Item 13.
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
72
Item 14.
Principal Accounting Fees and Services
72
PART IV
Item 15.
Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules
72
Signatures
75
2
Table of Contents

PART I
Forward-Looking Statements
This Annual Report on Form 10-K and certain information incorporated herein by reference contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act").  All statements included or incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, other than statements that are purely historical, are forward-looking statements.  In some cases, forward-looking statements are identified by words such as “expect,” “anticipate,” “target,” “project,” “believe,” “goals,” “estimates,” “will,” “would,” “could,” “can,” “may,” “plan,” and “intend”, and other similar types of words and expressions.  Variations of these types of words and similar expressions are intended to identify these forward-looking statements.  Any statements that refer to our plans, beliefs, expectations, strategies or other characterizations of future events or circumstances are forward-looking statements.  Readers are cautioned that these forward-looking statements are predictions based on management's expectations as of the date of this filing and are subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict.  Therefore, actual results may differ materially and adversely from those expressed in any forward-looking statements.  Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated or implied by our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, those discussed in