ITEM 1.  
Business
Cirrus Logic, Inc. (“Cirrus Logic,” “We,” “Us,” “Our,” or the “Company”) is a leader in low-power, high-precision mixed-signal processing solutions that create innovative user experiences for the world’s top mobile and consumer applications.
We were incorporated in California in 1984, became a public company in 1989 and were reincorporated in the State of Delaware in February 1999.  Our primary facility, which houses engineering, sales and marketing, and administrative functions, is located in Austin, Texas.  We also have offices in various other locations in the United States, United Kingdom, Taiwan, the People’s Republic of China, South Korea, Japan, and Singapore.  Our common stock, which has been publicly traded since 1989, is listed on the NASDAQ's Global Select Market under the symbol CRUS.
We maintain a website with the address 
www.cirrus.com
.  We are not including the information contained on our website as a part of, or incorporating it by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  We make available free of charge through our website our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to these reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish such material to the SEC.  We also routinely post other important information on our website, including information specifically addressed to investors.  We intend for the investor relations section of our website to be a recognized channel of distribution for disseminating information to the securities marketplace for purposes of complying with our disclosure obligations under SEC Regulation Fair Disclosure.  To receive a free copy of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, please forward your written request to Cirrus Logic, Inc., Attn: Investor Relations, 800 W. 6
th
 Street, Austin, Texas 78701, or via email at Investor@cirrus.com.  In addition, the SEC maintains a website at 
www.sec.gov
 that contains reports, proxy and information statements filed electronically with the SEC by Cirrus Logic.
Company Strategy
Cirrus Logic targets growing markets where we can leverage our expertise in low-power, high-precision mixed-signal processing to solve complex problems that span the analog-to-digital divide.  The Company is committed to a three-pronged strategy for growing our business:  first, maintaining our leadership position in smartphone audio; second, increasing high-performance mixed-signal ("HPMS") content in smartphones; and third, leveraging our strength in audio and HPMS to expand into additional applications and markets with both new and existing components.  
The Company develops custom and general market components that embody our latest innovations, which we use to engage key players in a particular market or application.  We focus on building strong engineering relationships with our 
3
Table of Contents

customers’ product teams and developing highly differentiated components that address their technical and price requirements across product tiers.  Many of our products include programmable aspects and are comprised of our best-in-class hardware, which incorporates software algorithms from some combination of our own intellectual property (“IP”), and our third-party partners' and customers’ IP.  When we have been successful with this approach, an initial design win can often lead to an opportunity to further increase our content with a customer over time through the incorporation of new features, the integration of other system components into our products, and the addition of new products.
Markets and Products
The Company's product lines are categorized into Audio and HPMS.  While we continue to see new opportunities with audio products, we believe that our HPMS product line presents the largest opportunity to drive product diversification and fuel exciting avenues of growth in the coming years.  See Note 9 - Revenues for disclosure of revenue by product line categories.
The following provides a detailed description of our Audio and HPMS product lines.  
Audio Products
:  Amplifiers, codecs, smart codecs, analog-to-digital converters, digital-to-analog converters and standalone digital signal processors.
HPMS Products
:  Camera controllers, haptics and sensing solutions, and battery and power ICs
.
AUDIO PRODUCTS
Cirrus Logic is a leading supplier of 
low-power, low-latency, high-precision audio components that are used in a variety of applications including smartphones, l
aptops, 
tablets, 
AR/VR headsets, wearables, home theater systems, automotive entertainment systems and professional audio systems.  Our extensive portfolio of audio products include: amplifiers; “codecs,” which are components that integrate analog-to-digital converters (“ADCs”) and digital-to-analog converters (“DACs”) into a single integrated circuit ("IC"); “smart codecs,” which are codecs with integrated digital signal processing; and standalone digital signal processors (“DSPs”).  Additionally, the Company’s SoundClear® technology consists of a broad portfolio of tools, software and algorithms that help to differentiate our customers’ products by improving the user experience with features such as louder, high-fidelity sound, high-quality audio playback, voice capture, and hearing augmentation.  
HPMS PRODUCTS
By leveraging our extensive mixed-signal design and low-power processing expertise, Cirrus Logic has expanded beyond our traditional audio domain into HPMS products, which are primarily used in smartphones.  Our portfolio of HPMS products include: camera controllers for automatic focus and optical image stabilization; haptic and sensing solutions to deliver highly responsive and consistent tactile feedback; and battery and power ICs for improving battery health and performance.  This product line also includes a broad product portfolio that services automotive, industrial, and imaging applications.
Customers, Marketing, and Sales
We offer products worldwide through both direct and indirect sales channels.  Our major customers are among the world’s leading electronics manufacturers.  We target both large existing and emerging customers that obtain value from our expertise in advanced analog and mixed-signal design processing, systems-level integrated circuit engineering and embedded software development.  We derive our revenues from both domestic and international sales.  Our domestic sales force includes direct sales offices located primarily in California and Texas.  International sales offices and staff are located in Japan, People’s Republic of China, Singapore, South Korea, Taiwan, and the United Kingdom.  We supplement our direct sales force with external sales representatives and distributors.  Our worldwide sales force provides geographically specific support to our customers and specialized selling of product lines with unique customer bases.  See Note 18—Segment Information, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 8 for further detail and for additional disclosure regarding sales and property, plant and equipment, net, by geographic locations.
Since the components we produce are largely proprietary and generally not available from secondary sources, we generally consider our end customer to be the entity specifying the use of our component in their design.  These end customers may then purchase our products directly from us, through distributors, or indirectly from third-party manufacturers contracted to produce their designs.  For fiscal year 2025, 2024 and 2023, our ten largest end customers, represented approximately 96 percent, 95 percent and 92 percent of our net sales, respectively.  For fiscal years 2025, 2024, and 2023, we had one end customer, Apple, Inc., who purchased through multiple contract manufacturers and represented approximately 89 percent, 87 percent, and 83 percent, of the Company’s total net sales, respectively.  No other customer or distributor represented more than 10 percent of net sales in fiscal years 2025, 2024, or 2023.
4
Table of Contents

Manufacturing
As a fabless semiconductor company, we contract with third parties for wafer fabrication and product assembly and test. We use a variety of foundries in the production of wafers, primarily supplied by GLOBALFOUNDRIES Inc., (“GlobalFoundries”) and Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company, Limited ("TSMC").  In fiscal year 2022, the Company entered a Capacity Reservation and Wafer Supply Commitment Agreement with GlobalFoundries to reserve capacity and set wafer pricing for products purchased pursuant to the agreement through calendar year 2026.  On February18, 2025, the Capacity Reservation Agreement was amended (the "Amendment") to define the quarterly spread of the remaining wafer quantities under the agreement.  See Note 13 - Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details.  The Company’s primary assembly and test houses include Advanced Semiconductor Engineering, Inc., STATS ChipPAC Pte. Ltd., Amkor Technology, Inc., Siliconware Precision Industries Co., Ltd., and SFA Semicon Co., Ltd.  Our outsourced manufacturing strategy allows us to concentrate on our design strengths and minimize fixed costs and capital expenditures while giving us access to advanced manufacturing facilities.  It also provides the flexibility to source multiple leading-edge technologies through strategic relationships.  After wafer fabrication by the foundry, third-party assembly vendors package the wafer die.  The finished products are then tested before shipment to our customers.  While we believe we are able to mitigate the risk of supply disruption by using multiple outside foundries, an interruption of supply by one or more of these foundries could materially impact the Company.  We maintain business interruption insurance to help reduce the risk of wafer supply interruption; however, the impact of an interruption could exceed our insurance.  Our supply chain management organization is responsible for the management of all aspects of the fabrication, assembly, and testing of our products, including process and package development, test program development, and production testing of products in accordance with our ISO-certified quality management system.
Although our products are made from basic materials (principally silicon, metals and plastics), all of which are available from a number of suppliers, capacity at wafer foundries sometimes becomes constrained.  The limited availability of certain materials may impact our suppliers’ ability to meet our demand needs or impact the price we are charged.  The prices of certain other basic materials, such as metals, gases and chemicals used in the production of circuits can increase as demand grows for these basic commodities.  In most cases, we do not procure these materials ourselves; nevertheless, we are reliant on such materials for manufacturing our products because our outside foundry and package and test subcontractors must procure them.  To help mitigate risks associated with constrained capacity, we use multiple foundries and assembly and test sources.
Patents, Licenses and Trademarks
We rely on patent, copyright, trademark, and trade secret laws to protect our intellectual property, products, and technology.  As of March 29, 2025, we held approximately 4,130 pending and issued patents worldwide, which include approximately 1,570 granted U.S. patents, 350 U.S. pending patent applications and various international patents and applications.  Our U.S. patents expire in calendar years 2025 through 2045.  While our patents are an important element of our success, our business as a whole is not dependent on any one patent or group of patents.  We do not anticipate any material effect on our business due to any patents expiring in 2025, and we continue to obtain new patents through our ongoing research and development.
We have maintained U.S. federal trademark registrations for CIRRUS LOGIC, CIRRUS, Cirrus Logic logo designs, and SoundClear, among others.  These U.S. registrations may be renewed as long as the marks continue to be used in interstate commerce.  We have also filed or obtained foreign registration for these marks in other countries or jurisdictions where we conduct, or anticipate conducting, international business.  To complement our own research and development efforts, we have also licensed and expect to continue to license, a variety of intellectual property and technologies important to our business from third parties.
Segments
We determine our operating segments in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) guidelines. Our Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) has been identified as the chief operating decision maker ("CODM") as defined by these guidelines.
The Company operates and tracks its results in one reportable segment, but reports revenue performance in two product lines: Audio and HPMS.  Our CEO receives and uses enterprise-wide financial information to assess financial performance and allocate resources.  Our product lines have similar characteristics and customers and share operations support functions such as sales, public relations, supply chain management, various research and development and engineering support, in addition to the general and administrative functions of human resources, legal, finance and information technology.  Therefore, there is no discrete financial information maintained for these product lines. 
See Note 9 - Revenues and Note 18 — Segment Information, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 8 for further details including sales by product line and sales and property, plant and equipment, net, by geographic locations.
5
Table of Contents

Research and Development
We concentrate our research and development efforts on the design and development of new products for each of our principal markets.  We also fund certain advanced-process technology development, as well as other emerging product opportunities.  Our future success is highly dependent upon our ability to develop complex new products, transfer new products to volume production, introduce them into the marketplace in a timely fashion, and have them selected for design into products of systems manufacturers.  Our future success may also depend on assisting our customers with integration of our components into their new products, including providing support from the concept stage through design, launch and production ramp.
Competition
Markets for our products are highly competitive, and we expect that competition will continue to increase.  Our ability to compete effectively and to expand our business will depend on our ability to continue to recruit key engineering talent, execute on new product developments, partner with customers to create compelling products for their applications and provide cost efficient versions of existing products.  We compete with other semiconductor suppliers that offer standard semiconductors, application-specific standard products and fully customized ICs, including embedded software, chip and board-level products.
While no single company competes with us across all our product lines, we face significant competition in all markets where our products are available.  We expect to face additional competition from new entrants in our markets, which may include both large domestic and international IC manufacturers, as well as smaller, emerging companies.  Our primary competitors include, but are not limited to, AKM Semiconductor Inc., Analog Devices Inc., QUALCOMM Incorporated, Realtek Semiconductor Corporation, Renesas Electronics Corporation, Shanghai Awinic Technology Co., Ltd., Shenzhen Goodix Technology Co, Ltd., Skyworks Solutions Inc., ST Microelectronics N.V., Synaptics Incorporated and Texas Instruments, Inc.
The principal competitive factors in our markets include: time to market; quality of hardware/software design and end-market systems expertise; price; product performance, features, quality and compatibility with standards; access to advanced process and packaging technologies at competitive prices; and sales and technical support, which includes assisting our customers with integration of our components into their new products and providing support from the concept stage through design, launch and production ramp.
Product life cycles may vary greatly by product category.  For example, many consumer products have shorter design-in cycles; therefore, our competitors have increasingly frequent opportunities to achieve design wins in next-generation systems.  Conversely, this also provides us frequent opportunities to displace competitors in products that have previously not utilized our design. 
Backlog
Sales are made primarily pursuant to short-term purchase orders for delivery of products.  The quantity actually ordered by the customer, as well as the shipment schedules, are frequently revised, without significant penalty, to reflect changes in the customer’s needs.  The majority of our backlog is typically requested for delivery within six months.  In markets where the end system life cycles are relatively short, customers typically request delivery in six to twelve weeks.  We believe a backlog analysis at any given time gives little indication of our future business except on a short-term basis, principally within the next 60 days.
We utilize backlog as an indicator to assist us in production planning.  However, backlog is influenced by several factors including market demand, pricing, and customer order patterns in reaction to product lead times.  Quantities actually purchased by customers, as well as prices, are subject to variations between booking and delivery because of changes in customer needs or industry conditions.  As a result, we believe that our backlog at any given time is an incomplete indicator of future sales.
Governmental Regulations
Our business and operations around the world are subject to government regulation at the national, state or local level addressing, among other matters, applicable environmental laws, health and safety laws and regulations, and laws relating to export controls, economic sanctions, and trade, including tariffs.
We believe that our properties and operations comply in all material respects with applicable laws protecting the environment and worker health and safety.  As a fabless semiconductor company, we do not manufacture our own products but do maintain research and laboratory space at certain of our facilities to facilitate the development, evaluation, and testing of our products.  These laboratories may maintain small quantities of hazardous materials.  While we believe we are in material compliance with applicable law concerning the safeguarding of these materials and with respect to other matters relating to health, safety and the environment, the risk of liability relating to hazardous conditions or materials cannot be eliminated completely.  To date, we have not incurred significant expenditures relating to environmental compliance at our facilities.   
6
Table of Contents

In addition to environmental and worker health and safety laws, our business is subject to various rules and regulations and executive orders relating to export controls and trade sanctions.  Certain of our products are subject to the Export Administration Regulations ("EAR"), which are administered by the United States Department of Commerce's Bureau of Industry and Security ("BIS"), and we may from time to time be required to obtain an export license before we can export certain products or technology to specified countries or customers.  In addition, the EAR imposes broad controls on entities listed on sanctioned persons lists, including the BIS Entity List.  If one of our customers is listed on the BIS Entity List or another U.S. government sanctioned persons' list, we may be precluded from doing business with that customer.  For example, certain of our Chinese customers, or their affiliated entities, have been added to the BIS Entity List, which limits our ability to support these customers.  We cannot guarantee that export control restrictions or sanctions imposed in the future will not prevent, or materially limit, our ability to conduct business with certain customers or in certain countries.  Any failure to comply with these laws could result in governmental enforcement actions, including substantial monetary penalties and denial of export privileges.
For further discussion relating to the potential effects that compliance with government regulation may have upon our business, refer to "