Item 1. Business

We are a neuroscience-focused biopharmaceutical company committed to improving the lives of people living with neurological and psychiatric disorders. We are advancing a novel product pipeline to address areas of high unmet medical need, including epilepsy and depression. In addition to our proprietary product candidates, we also have partnered programs with academic and industry collaborators, including Neurocrine Biosciences, Inc., or Neurocrine Biosciences.

Our Strategy

Our goal is to build a fully-integrated and profitable biopharmaceutical company that discovers, develops, and commercializes innovative therapeutics to treat a range of neurological and psychiatric disorders.

Key components of our strategy include:

•
Leveraging our discovery capabilities – which were founded upon our understanding of the genetics of channelopathies combined with proprietary biology and medicinal chemistry assets and know-how – to identify product candidates for development;

•
Advancing selected proprietary product candidates through clinical development;

•
Selectively establishing collaborations that allow us to potentially expand our internal capabilities and/or address broader commercial opportunities than may be possible independently;

•
Identifying opportunities to further expand our pipeline though indication expansion, acquisition, or in-licensing of external product candidates; and 

•
Commercializing product candidates alone or in collaboration with others.

3

Our Pipeline

Our Product Candidates

Azetukalner

Azetukalner, a novel, highly potent, selective Kv7 potassium channel opener, represents the most advanced, clinically validated potassium channel modulator in late-stage clinical development for the treatment of multiple indications that include epilepsy, including focal onset seizures, or FOS, and primary generalized tonic-clonic seizures, or PGTCS, as well as neuropsychiatric disorders including major depressive disorder, or MDD, and bipolar depression, or BPD.

Epilepsy Programs

Focal Onset Seizures

Phase 3 azetukalner clinical studies in FOS (X-TOLE2 and X-TOLE3) continue to advance, with the first topline data readout anticipated in the second half of 2025. Designed closely after the Phase 2b X-TOLE clinical trial, the Phase 3 X-TOLE clinical trials are multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled studies evaluating the clinical efficacy, safety, and tolerability of 15 mg or 25 mg of azetukalner administered orally with food as adjunctive treatment in approximately 360 patients with FOS per study. The primary efficacy endpoint is the median percent change, or MPC, in monthly seizure frequency from baseline through the 12-week double-blind period, or DBP, of azetukalner compared to placebo. Upon completion of the DBP in the Phase 3 FOS epilepsy studies, eligible patients may enter an OLE study for up to three years.

Primary Generalized Tonic-Clonic Seizures

The Phase 3 X-ACKT clinical study continues to enroll patients and is intended to support potential regulatory submissions in an additional epilepsy indication of PGTCS. X-ACKT is a multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study evaluating the clinical efficacy, safety, and tolerability of 25 mg of azetukalner administered with food as adjunctive treatment in approximately 160 patients with PGTCS. The primary efficacy endpoint is the MPC in monthly PGTCS frequency from baseline through the 12-week DBP of azetukalner compared to placebo. Upon completion of the DBP in the X-ACKT study, eligible patients may enter an open-label extension, or OLE, study for up to three years.

4

Summary of Azetukalner Clinical Results in Epilepsy

Phase 1: 
Phase 1 studies conducted in healthy subjects suggested that azetukalner was generally well tolerated in the doses examined, and its pharmacokinetic profile supported a once-daily dosing schedule with food and without the need for titration, which has been utilized in all Phase 2 and Phase 3 trials. In addition, data from a Phase 1b transcranial magnetic stimulation, or TMS, study – which was designed to assess azetukalner’s ability and potency to modulate cortical excitability – demonstrated activity in the target CNS tissue and helped inform dose selection for our Phase 2b clinical trial.

Phase 2b X-TOLE Clinical Trial: 
In October 2021, we announced topline results from the Phase 2b X-TOLE clinical trial, which was designed as a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, multicenter study to evaluate the clinical efficacy, safety, and tolerability of 10 mg, 20 mg, or 25 mg of azetukalner administered as once-daily adjunctive treatment with food in adult patients with focal epilepsy. The study included a total of 325 randomized and treated subjects in the safety population and 323 subjects in the modified intent-to-treat population for the efficacy analyses. Subjects had an average age of 40.8 ± 13.3 years, and 8.9%, 40.6%, or 50.5% of the subjects were on and continued taking one, two, or three stable background ASMs throughout the study, respectively, and failed a median of 6 previous ASMs prior to study entry. The median baseline seizure frequency across the study groups was approximately 13.5 seizures per month. Of the 285 subjects who completed the double-blind period, 96.5% entered the OLE to evaluate the long-term safety, tolerability, and effectiveness of azetukalner.

Summary of X-TOLE Efficacy Results in the DBP
:
 The X-TOLE trial met its primary efficacy endpoint with azetukalner demonstrating a statistically significant and dose-dependent reduction from baseline in monthly (defined as 28 days) focal seizure frequency when compared to placebo (monotonic dose response; p<0.001). Primary and secondary measures in the topline data set included a pairwise comparison of each active dose to placebo and a responder analysis with the proportion of patients who achieved a 50% or greater reduction in monthly focal seizure frequency from baseline. Azetukalner demonstrated a statistically significant reduction from baseline in monthly focal seizure frequency in pairwise comparisons to placebo for all three azetukalner doses. The median percent reduction in monthly focal seizure frequency was 52.8% in the azetukalner 25 mg group, 46.4% in the azetukalner 20 mg group, and 33.2% in the azetukalner 10 mg group compared to 18.2% in the placebo group. Statistical significance was achieved for all dose groups compared to placebo with 2-sided p-values of p<0.001 for 25 mg vs. placebo, p<0.001 for 20 mg vs. placebo, and p=0.035 for 10 mg vs. placebo. A prespecified secondary endpoint of the study was a responder analysis, which compared the proportion of study subjects treated with azetukalner who achieved a ≥50% reduction in monthly focal seizures versus placebo. The percentage of subjects who achieved a ≥50% reduction in monthly focal seizures was 54.5% in the azetukalner 25 mg group, 43.1% in the azetukalner 20 mg group, and 28.3% in the azetukalner 10 mg group compared to 14.9% in the placebo group. Statistical significance was achieved for all dose groups compared to placebo with 2-sided p-values of p<0.001 for 25 mg vs. placebo, p<0.001 for 20 mg vs. placebo, and p=0.037 for 10 mg vs placebo. In addition to the topline data, further sub-analyses were presented in December 2021. These sub-analyses include the proportion of patients with at least a 75% reduction in monthly focal seizure frequency from baseline along with the proportion of patients who achieved 100% reduction in monthly seizure frequency from baseline. Efficacy results are summarized in the following table; all p-values are 2-sided comparing the active dose to placebo for the prespecified primary and secondary seizure reduction endpoints:

Azetukalner 25 mg
(n=112)

Azetukalner 20 mg
(n=51)

Azetukalner 10 mg
(n=46)

Placebo
(n=114)

Median reduction from baseline in monthly focal seizure frequency

52.8%
(p<0.001)

46.4%
(p<0.001)

33.2%
(p=0.035)

18.2%

Patients with 
at least a 50%
 reduction in monthly focal seizure frequency from baseline

54.5%
(p<0.001)

43.1%
(p<0.001)

28.3%
(p=0.037)

14.9%

Patients with 
at least a 75%
 reduction in monthly focal seizure frequency from baseline

29.5%

29.4%

8.7%

6.1%

Patients with 
100% 
reduction in monthly focal seizure frequency from baseline

6.3%

7.8%

2.2%

1.8%

5

Additional sub-analyses were performed in patients with different baseline characteristics given that X-TOLE included a difficult-to-treat patient population as defined by the number of prior failed ASMs, concomitant ASMs on study, and baseline seizure burden. The table below outlines a sub-group analyses of median percent reduction in seizures within the 25 mg dose group, showing that there was a significant increase in seizure reduction in patients with less disease severity at baseline:

Azetukalner 25 mg 
Median reduction from baseline in monthly focal seizures frequency

Placebo

Overall in X-TOLE

   52.8% (n=112)

 18.2% (n=114)

Prior failed ASMs > 6

43.2% (n=45)

14.2% (n=47)

Prior failed ASMs 
<
 6

58.3% (n=67)

20.5% (n=67)

Concomitant ASMs = 3

51.3% (n=54)

20.4% (n=56)

Concomitant ASMs 
<
 2

59.7% (n=58)

14.4% (n=58)

Baseline seizures > 8.5 per month

50.8% (n=83)

18.2% (n=84)

Baseline seizures 
<
 8.5 per month

70.6% (n=29)

18.8% (n=30)

In addition, an analysis of seizure reduction across seizure subtypes showed a median percent reduction in monthly focal seizure frequency of 86.9% (n=23) in ‘type 4’ focal seizures that lead to generalized tonic-clonic seizures in the 25 mg dose group. A time-to-event analysis analyzing the time to reach the baseline monthly focal seizure count during the double-blind period showed a marked dose-dependent decrease in the rate of seizure recurrence when comparing azetukalner to placebo.

These marked reductions in seizures were associated with statistically significant improvements in overall status, as assessed by physicians using the Clinical Global Impression of Change, or CGI-C, and by subject self-reporting using the Patient Global Impression of Change, or PGI-C, scales in the azetukalner 25 mg group, which are shown in the table below:

Azetukalner 25 mg
(n=112)

Placebo
(n=114)

CGI-C (Portion of patients much improved or very much improved)

46.4%

(p<0.001)

22.8%

PGI-C (Portion of patients much improved or very much improved)

42.9%
(p=0.001)

21.9%

The azetukalner 25 mg group was statistically significant in CGI-C and PGI-C, and the azetukalner 20 mg group was statistically significant in PGI-C, while the azetukalner 20 mg group in CGI-C and the azetukalner 10 mg group for both CGI-C and PGI-C showed numerical improvements over placebo but were not statistically significant.

Summary of X-TOLE Safety Results in the DBP
:
 Azetukalner was generally well tolerated in the DBP with AEs generally consistent with other ASMs. The incidence of treatment-emergent adverse events, or TEAEs, was higher in the treatment groups as compared to the placebo group, with 62.3% of patients in the placebo group, 67.4% of patients in the azetukalner 10 mg group, 68.6% of patients in the azetukalner 20 mg group, and 85.1% of patients in the azetukalner 25 mg group experiencing at least one TEAE. The TEAEs that were greater than or equal to 5% in all treatment arms were attributed to nervous system disorders; psychiatric disorders; general disorders; gastrointestinal disorders; eye disorders; and infections – with the majority related to the central nervous system, mild or moderate in severity, and occurring early in the treatment period. Across all azetukalner dose groups (n=211), the most common TEAEs were dizziness (n=52, 24.6%), somnolence (n=33, 15.6%), fatigue (n=23, 10.9%), and headache (n=21, 10.0%). The breakdown of subjects with dizziness across dose groups including placebo is as follows: 8 subjects (7.0%) in the placebo group, 3 subjects (6.5%) in the 10 mg group, 13 subjects (25.5%) in the 20 mg group, and 36 subjects (31.6%) in the 25 mg group. The incidence of treatment-emergent serious adverse events, or SAEs, was similar in all four arms of the study with 2.6% of patients in the placebo group, 4.3% of patients in the azetukalner 10 mg group, 3.9% of patients in the azetukalner 20 mg group, and 2.6% of patients in the azetukalner 25 mg group experiencing at least one treatment-emergent SAE. There were 3.5% of subjects in the placebo group, 2.2% of subjects in the azetukalner 10 mg group, 13.7% of subjects in the azetukalner 20 mg group, and 15.8% of subjects in the azetukalner 25 mg group that had an AE leading to treatment discontinuation. Two TEAEs of urinary retention were reported in the active treatment groups, one of which required a dose reduction, and both subjects remained on drug with no other changes or intervention. There was no evidence of urinary retention based upon mean differences across treatment groups in the total or individual items of the American Urological Association Symptom Index. There was no cardiovascular signal of concern based on vital signs from resting or orthostatic tests; there were no safety signals of concern from physical or neurologic exams; and there were no signals of concern from ECGs, safety labs or urinalysis. Weight changes were modest with mean (SD) changes of 0.2 kg (2.4) in the placebo group, 0.6 kg (2.3) in the 10 mg group, 1.6 kg (2.2) in the 20 mg group and 1.9 kg (2.9) in the 25 mg group.

6

Additional Post Hoc Sub-Analyses of X-TOLE Data and Interim Open Label Extension (OLE) Data:

Additional sub-analyses of the X-TOLE data suggest that the rapid onset of efficacy for azetukalner was associated with starting at an effective, therapeutic dose. There was a statistically significant reduction in median seizure frequency within one week for all doses compared with placebo. Rapid onset of efficacy of azetukalner was seen at week 1, with a dose-dependent reduction from baseline in median weekly seizure frequency of 39.1% (p<0.01, n=46), 41.5% (p=0.04, n=50) and 55.4% (p<0.001, n=110) in the 10 mg, 20 mg, and 25 mg groups, respectively, compared to placebo (20.2%, n=114).

The most recent interim data from the ongoing 7-year X-TOLE OLE, in which participants received open‑label azetukalner at a dose of 20 mg once daily with food, were presented in December 2024. For ongoing OLE patients, monthly MPC reductions in FOS frequency ranged from 61% to 82% during month 1 to OLE study month 24 and were maintained at 85% at OLE study month 36. Patients who were receiving 1 to 2 anti-seizure medications, or ASMs, at baseline experienced higher monthly MPC reductions in FOS frequency from baseline at OLE study month 36 (100% seizure reduction, n=67), compared to those receiving 3 ASMs (80.6% seizure reduction, n=80). For those participants who were treated for >36 months in the OLE, 32.7% (48/147) achieved seizure freedom for a period of at least 12 months. Azetukalner continues to be generally well‑tolerated in the OLE, with AEs generally consistent with prior results in the double-blind period and other ASMs; no new safety signals were identified. A total of 182 participants were treated in the OLE for ≥12 months, 165 participants were treated for ≥24 months, and 143 participants were treated for ≥36 months at the time of the analysis cutoff (October 7, 2024). Retention rates with azetukalner at 12, 24, and 36 months into the OLE study period were 66%, 60%, and 52%, respectively.

About Epilepsy and Seizure Types

Epilepsy is a chronic neurologic disorder, the hallmark of which is recurrent, unprovoked and unpredictable seizures. Individuals are diagnosed with epilepsy if they have two unprovoked seizures (or one unprovoked seizure with the likelihood of recurrent seizures) that were not caused by a known and reversible medical condition. Seizures are generally described in two major groups: focal onset seizures, or FOS, and generalized onset seizures. FOS are the most common type of seizure experienced by people with epilepsy. FOS are localized within the brain and can either stay localized or spread to the entire brain, which is typically categorized as a secondarily generalized seizure. FOS account for approximately 60% of seizures in the U.S., which results in a total FOS patient population of approximately 1.8 million patients. Generalized onset seizures affect both sides of the brain or groups of cells on both sides of the brain at the same time. This term includes primary generalized tonic-clonic seizures, or PGTCS, absence seizures, and atonic seizures. Generalized onset seizures account for approximately 30% of seizures in the U.S., or approximately 0.9 million patients, of which the majority experience PGTCS. The remaining 10% of seizures in the U.S. are characterized as unknown onset seizures, which occurs when the beginning of the seizure is unknown. As more information is learned, unknown onset seizures may later be diagnosed as focal onset or generalized onset seizures.

Numerous ASMs are available for the treatment of seizures in the U.S., although there are fewer indicated for PGTCS. The treatment of an individual patient with FOS or PGTCS is currently focused on reduction of seizure frequency, with seizure freedom as the ultimate goal. Early treatment typically begins with monotherapy followed by increasing use of polypharmacy to manage patients with residual seizure burden. Despite the availability of multiple treatment options, up to 50% of patients are considered inadequately managed with initial lines of therapy warranting additional treatment options. For poorly managed patients, physicians increasingly turn to complementary mechanisms used as adjunctive therapy to control seizures. We believe there is a need for new, more effective and tolerable treatments for FOS and PGTCS that have rapid onset of action, unique mechanisms of action important in polypharmacy, and are easy to take (for example, once-daily and no dose titration). Based on our market research, we believe azetukalner could offer a compelling value proposition to address FOS and PGTCS, if approved.

Neuropsychiatric Programs

We continue to explore the applicability of azetukalner in neuropsychiatric disorders based on establishing a strong scientific rationale, availability of preclinical and clinical data, and a determination of unmet medical needs. A Phase 3 program evaluating azetukalner in major depressive disorder, or MDD, is underway, and we recently announced plans for a Phase 3 program in bipolar depression, or BPD, with initiation of the first of two azetukalner clinical studies in bipolar I and bipolar II depression expected by mid-year.

7

Major Depressive Disorder

Our Phase 3 MDD program includes three multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trials to evaluate the clinical efficacy, safety, and tolerability of 20 mg of azetukalner administered orally with food over the 6-week DBP as monotherapy treatment in approximately 450 patients with moderate-to-severe MDD per study. The primary efficacy endpoint is the change from baseline in the HAM-D17 score at week 6 in patients who received azetukalner compared to placebo. Upon completion of the DBP, eligible patients may enter an OLE study for up to 12 months. X-NOVA2, the first of three planned Phase 3 clinical trials evaluating azetukalner in patients with MDD, is currently enrolling patients, and X-NOVA3 is expected to initiate mid-year.

In addition, patient enrollment in the investigator-sponsored Phase 2 proof-of-concept study of azetukalner in MDD led by Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai is complete, and topline results are anticipated in the first half of 2025.

Summary of Azetukalner Clinical Results in MDD

Phase 2 Proof-of-Concept X-NOVA Clinical Trial: 
In November 2023, we reported topline results from the randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, Phase 2 proof-of-concept X-NOVA clinical trial, which evaluated the clinical efficacy, safety, and tolerability of 10 mg and 20 mg of azetukalner taken once daily with food in 168 patients with moderate to severe MDD. The primary objective was to assess the efficacy of azetukalner compared to placebo on improvement of depressive symptoms in subjects diagnosed with moderate to severe MDD, using the Montgomery-Åsberg Depression Rating Scale, or MADRS, score change through week 6.

Summary of X-NOVA Efficacy Data in the DBP: 
The primary endpoint of the study was a change in MADRS at week 6. The mean reduction was 13.90 in the placebo group, 15.61 in the azetukalner 10 mg group and 16.94 in the azetukalner 20 mg group. A clear dose response and a clinically meaningful, but not statistically significant, 3.04 difference between placebo and the azetukalner 20 mg group (p=0.135) was observed. A significantly different change was achieved on the following additional endpoints in the study:

•
Pre-specified endpoint of the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale, or HAM-D17, at week 6 with a mean reduction of 10.18 in the placebo group and 13.26 in the azetukalner 20 mg group (p=0.042);

•
Key secondary endpoint of a change in the Snaith-Hamilton Pleasure Scale, or SHAPS, measuring anhedonia at week 6 with a reduction of 5.30 in the placebo group and 7.77 in the azetukalner 20 mg group (p=0.046);

•
MADRS at week 1 with a mean reduction of 4.88 in the placebo group and 7.54 in the azetukalner 20 mg group (p=0.047) demonstrating early onset of efficacy; and 

•
At least minimally improved symptoms of depression as assessed by physicians using the Clinical Global Impression of Improvement, or CGI-I, (p=0.004) in the azetukalner 20 mg group compared to placebo.

Summary of X-NOVA Safety and Tolerability Data in the DBP:
 Azetukalner was generally well tolerated with similar rates of adverse events reported across all treatment arms. The most commonly reported TEAEs in the azetukalner 20 mg group included dizziness (17.9%), somnolence (10.7%), headache (8.9%) and disturbance in attention (8.9%), as compared to the placebo group which reported dizziness (7.3%), somnolence (1.8%), headache (12.7%) and disturbance in attention (0%). Rates of discontinuation were similar across all treatment arms and rates of discontinuation due to TEAEs were low with three patients in the azetukalner 20 mg group (5.4%), as compared to two patients in the placebo group (3.6%). No serious adverse events, or SAEs, were reported in the two azetukalner treatment groups and there were two patients (3.6%) in the placebo group who experienced a treatment-emergent SAE. Azetukalner was not associated with notable weight gain, and patients did not report notable sexual dysfunction.

Investigator-Led Phase 2 Proof-of-Concept Study of Azetukalner in MDD

We are also collaborating with the Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai to support an ongoing investigator-sponsored Phase 2 proof-of-concept, randomized, parallel-arm, placebo-controlled multi-site study of azetukalner for the treatment of MDD in approximately 60 subjects. The primary objective of the study is to investigate the effect of azetukalner on the brain reward circuit as measured by the change in bilateral ventral striatum activity as assessed by functional MRI, or fMRI. The secondary objectives are to test the effect of azetukalner compared to placebo on clinical measures of depression and anhedonia using the MADRS and SHAPS, respectively.

8

About Major Depressive Disorder (MDD)

MDD is a common, chronic neurological disorder characterized by low mood, inability to feel pleasure, feelings of guilt and worthlessness, low energy, and other emotional and physical symptoms that last for two weeks or more, and which impairs social, occupational, educational, or other important functioning. MDD is highly prevalent and difficult to treat. According to the National Institutes of Health, an estimated 7.8% of U.S. adults (21.0 million) experience MDD each year, and of them approximately two-thirds had severe impairment associated with their depression. Results of the Sequenced Treatment Alternatives to Relieve Depression, or STAR*D trial, funded by the National Institute of Mental Health, indicate that nearly two-thirds of diagnosed and treated patients do not experience adequate treatment response with first-line therapy, and that the majority of these initial failures also fail second-line treatment, highlighting the need for new anti-depressant medications with novel mechanisms of action.

Intellectual Property Related to Azetukalner

We have a comprehensive strategy in place to protect and expand the intellectual property portfolio that covers azetukalner. Importantly, two U.S. patents were issued in 2021 with claims covering: (1) distinct crystalline forms of azetukalner drug substance and related pharmaceutical compositions, along with methods for their preparation and use; and (2) various methods of orally administering azetukalner with or close to a meal. These U.S. patents are expected to expire in 2040 and 2039, respectively, absent any extensions of patent term. For a more detailed description of our intellectual property portfolio covering our pipeline of product candidates, see “—Intellectual Property” below.

Early-Stage Pipeline: Next Generation Ion Channel Modulators

We continue to expand our portfolio by leveraging our extensive ion channel expertise to discover and develop potassium and sodium channel therapeutics, with the goal of filing multiple investigational new drug applications, or INDs, or equivalent, in 2025. IND-enabling work is underway with multiple Kv7 development candidates, which we believe may have utility in a broad range of therapeutic indications including seizures, pain, and neuropsychiatric disorders, such as MDD and BPD. In addition, IND-enabling work is underway with a lead Nav1.7 development candidate. Nav1.7 is an important pain-related target, based on strong human genetic validation, that may represent a new class of medicines without the limitations of opioids. We also expect a lead candidate within our Nav1.1 program will enter IND-enabling studies in 2025 as pre-clinical data suggests that targeting Nav1.1 could potentially address the underlying cause and symptoms of Dravet Syndrome.

Our Partnered Program with Neurocrine Biosciences

In December 2019, we entered into a license and collaboration agreement with Neurocrine Biosciences to develop treatments for epilepsy. The agreement also included a multi-year research collaboration to discover, identify and develop additional novel Nav1.6 and Nav1.2/1.6 inhibitors, which was completed in June 2022. As part of this ongoing collaboration, NBI-921355, a Nav1.2/1.6 sodium channel inhibitor, has progressed into a Phase 1 first-in-human study as a potential treatment for certain types of epilepsy, triggering an anticipated $7.5 million milestone payment to Xenon. For a more detailed description of the terms of this agreement with Neurocrine Biosciences, see “—Collaborations, Commercial and License Agreements” below.

Collaborations, Commercial and License Agreements

License and Collaboration Agreement with Neurocrine Biosciences, Inc.

In December 2019, as amended in January 2021 and February 2022, we entered into a license and collaboration agreement, or the Collaboration Agreement, with Neurocrine Biosciences to establish a collaboration under which the parties will identify, research and develop sodium channel inhibitors, including XEN901, renamed as NBI-921352, and certain pre-clinical candidates, or DTCs, and research compounds which Neurocrine Biosciences will have the exclusive right to further develop and commercialize under the terms and conditions set forth in the Collaboration Agreement.

Neurocrine Biosciences has an exclusive, royalty-bearing, sublicensable license to certain of our intellectual property rights for the research, development and commercialization of these compounds on a worldwide basis for the treatment, cure, diagnosis, prediction or prevention of any human disease or disorder, state, condition and/or malady, subject to certain exceptions set forth in the Collaboration Agreement. We also granted to Neurocrine Biosciences a non-exclusive, non-royalty-bearing, sublicensable license to certain of our intellectual property rights for the screening of compounds for identification as a Select Nav Inhibitor (as defined below) and for the research of certain compounds otherwise expressly excluded from the Collaboration Agreement, or the Excluded Compounds.

9

During the term of the Collaboration Agreement, other than the Excluded Compounds and otherwise in accordance with the terms of the Collaboration Agreement, neither we nor any of our respective affiliates are permitted to directly or indirectly research, develop, manufacture or commercialize a compound that, as its primary mechanism of action, binds to and inhibits voltage-gated sodium channels Nav1.2 and Nav1.6, such compound referred to as a Select Nav Inhibitor.

Each party is solely responsible for all costs such party incurs to conduct its activities under the development and research plans, provided that, with respect to NBI-921352 development and research activities, Neurocrine Biosciences reimburses us for certain full-time employees and out-of-pocket expenses incurred by us, and with respect to certain development activities related to certain DTCs, Neurocrine Biosciences may make agreed-upon reimbursements.

Except for the activities set forth in the development plans, Neurocrine Biosciences is solely responsible, at its sole cost and expense, for all development and manufacturing of the compounds and any pharmaceutical product that contains a compound, subject to the Co-Funding Option (as defined below). We will have the right to elect to co-fund the development of one product in the first indication that meets or exceeds a specified prevalence threshold, or a Major Indication, under such development plan and to receive a mid-single digit percentage increase in royalties owed on the net sales as calculated pursuant to the terms of the Collaboration Agreement, or Net Sales, of such products in the U.S., or the Co-Funding Option. If we exercise the Co-Funding Option, the parties will share equally all reasonable and documented costs and expenses that Neurocrine Biosciences incurs in connection with the development of such product in the applicable indication, except costs and expenses that are solely related to the development of such product for regulatory approval outside the U.S. We have not exercised this option as of February 27, 2025.

Neurocrine Biosciences paid us an upfront payment of $50.0 million, which included a $30.0 million payment in cash. For the remainder of the upfront payment, concurrently with the entry into the Collaboration Agreement, the parties entered into the Share Purchase Agreement (as defined below) pursuant to which we issued and sold common shares to Neurocrine Biosciences for an aggregate purchase price of $20.0 million.

In January 2022, we received an aggregate milestone payment of $15.0 million in the form of a $6.75 million payment in cash and a $8.25 million equity investment, based on the U.S. Food and Drug Administration's, or FDA’s, acceptance of a protocol amendment to expand the study population of a clinical trial in pediatric patients with SCN8A-DEE. In February 2025, NBI-921355, a Nav1.2 and Nav1.6 sodium channel inhibitor in development for the potential treatment for certain types of epilepsy, has progressed into a Phase 1 clinical study in healthy adult participants, triggering an anticipated $7.5 million milestone payment to us.

The Collaboration Agreement also provides for potential aggregate development and regulatory milestone payments from Neurocrine Biosciences to us of up to $325.0 million for a NBI-921352 product and up to $247.5 million for each other Compound up to a maximum of three other Compounds. Sales-based milestones of up to $150.0 million for each Compound will be paid from Neurocrine Biosciences to us upon the achievement of certain Net Sales targets, up to a maximum of four Compounds.

Neurocrine Biosciences’ obligations to pay royalties with respect to a product and country will expire upon the latest of: (i) the expiration of the last to expire valid claim in (a) the parties’ joint patent rights filed during the Research Term or a specified period of time thereafter or (b) our patent rights as specified in the Collaboration Agreement, in each case that cover such product; (ii) ten years from the first commercial sale of the product in such country; and (iii) the expiration of regulatory exclusivity for such product in such country, or the Royalty Term. Royalty payments are subject to reduction in specified circumstances, including expiration of patent rights or if average Net Sales decrease by a certain percentage after the introduction of a generic product. Unless earlier terminated, the term of the Collaboration Agreement will continue on a product-by-product and country-by-country basis until the expiration of the Royalty Term for such product in such country.

Neurocrine Biosciences may terminate the Collaboration Agreement in its entirety or on a product-by-product or country-by-country basis, for any or no reason, by providing at least 90 days’ written notice, provided that such unilateral termination will not be effective (i) with respect to a NBI-921352 product until Neurocrine Biosciences has used its commercially reasonable efforts to complete one Phase 2 clinical trial for a NBI-921352 product; (ii) with respect to a DTC product until Neurocrine Biosciences has used its commercially reasonable efforts to complete one Phase 1 clinical trial for a DTC product; and (iii) with respect to the Collaboration Agreement in its entirety until Neurocrine Biosciences has used its commercially reasonable efforts to complete both of these clinical trials. Either party may terminate the Collaboration Agreement in the event of a material breach in whole or in part, subject to specified conditions. If Neurocrine Biosciences is entitled to terminate the Collaboration Agreement due to our uncured material breach, in lieu of termination, Neurocrine Biosciences may elect to reduce all subsequent payments owing from Neurocrine Biosciences to us by half.

10

Upon the termination of the Collaboration Agreement for any reason, all licenses and other rights granted to Neurocrine Biosciences by us shall terminate, provided that if termination is solely with respect to one or more products or countries, then such termination will apply only to the terminated products or countries. Upon termination in certain cases, Neurocrine Biosciences has agreed to grant us licenses to certain Neurocrine Biosciences intellectual property that is reasonably necessary, and that was actually used by Neurocrine Biosciences for the development, manufacturing or commercialization of the terminated products, to research, develop and commercialize the terminated products in the terminated countries. Such license will be royalty-free with respect to any terminated product for which a Phase 2 clinical trial was not completed prior to the effective date of termination, and otherwise will be royalty-bearing ranging from a low-single digit percentage to a high-single digit percentage depending on the stage of development of the applicable product at the effective date of termination.

Share Purchase Agreements

In January 2022, pursuant to the Collaboration Agreement, we entered into a Share Purchase Agreement, or SPA, with Neurocrine Biosciences pursuant to which we issued and sold 258,986 of our common shares to Neurocrine Biosciences in private placements for aggregate purchase price of $8.25 million ($31.855 per share). The purchase price represented a 15% premium to our 30-day volume-weighted average price immediately prior to the public announcements.

Asset Purchase Agreement with 1st Order Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

In April 2017, we entered into an asset purchase agreement with 1st Order Pharmaceuticals, Inc., or 1st Order, pursuant to which we acquired all rights with respect to azetukalner (previously known as 1OP2198 and XEN1101). 1st Order previously acquired 1OP2198 from Valeant Pharmaceuticals Luxembourg S.a.r.l., an indirect subsidiary of Bausch Health Companies Inc., together with Valeant Pharmaceuticals Ireland Limited, Bausch Health, and assumed certain obligations, including potential milestone and royalty payments.

In September 2018, we signed an agreement with Bausch Health to buy out all future milestone payments and royalties owed to Bausch Health with respect to azetukalner, including up to $39.6 million in potential clinical development, regulatory and sales-based milestones and a mid-to-high single digit percentage royalty on commercial sales in exchange for a one-time payment of $6.0 million.

In August 2020, we entered into an amendment to the asset purchase agreement to amend certain definitions in the agreement and to modify the payment schedule for certain milestones. Through December 31, 2024, we have paid $2.0 million based on progress against these milestones. We remain responsible for future potential payments of up to $6.0 million in regulatory milestones. There are no royalty obligations to 1st Order.

Intellectual Property

As part of our business strategy, we strive to protect the proprietary technologies that we believe are important to our business, including pursuing and maintaining patent protection intended to cover our product candidates and their methods of use and processes for their manufacture, as well as other inventions that are important to our business. We plan to continue to expand our intellectual property estate by filing patent applications directed to compositions, methods of use, treatment and patient selection, formulations and manufacturing processes created or identified from our ongoing development of our product candidates and future products. We also rely on trade secrets, internal know-how, technological innovations and agreements with third parties to develop, maintain and protect our competitive position. Our ability to be competitive will depend on the success of this strategy.

As of December 31, 2024, we owned, co-owned or licensed 21 U.S. issued patents, 78 issued patents in foreign jurisdictions (exclusive of European patent national validations), and over 355 pending patent applications.

With regard to azetukalner, as of December 31, 2024, we owned 7 U.S. issued patents, 33 issued patents in foreign jurisdictions (exclusive of European patent national validations) and over 175 pending patent applications. The issued patents, along with any patents issuing from these applications, are expected to expire between 2028 and 2045 (absent any extensions of term).

With regard to our selective inhibitors of Nav1.6 and/or Nav1.2, as of December 31, 2024, we owned 10 U.S. issued patents, 43 issued patents in foreign jurisdictions (exclusive of European patent national validations), and over 90 pending patent applications. The issued patents, along with any patents issuing from these applications, are expected to expire between 2037 and 2044 (absent any extensions of term). Pursuant to our collaboration with Neurocrine Biosciences, Neurocrine Biosciences controls the prosecution, maintenance and other matters relating to the patent portfolio for the selective Nav1.6 inhibitors and dual Nav1.2/1.6 inhibitors subject thereto, although we have a right to comment.

 With regard to our development programs, including targets related to Kv7 (exclusive of azetukalner), Nav1.1 and Nav1.7, as of December 31, 2024, we owned 4 U.S. issued patents and over 80 pending U.S. and foreign patent applications. The issued patents, along with any patents issuing from these applications, are expected to expire between 2036 and 2045 (absent any extensions of term).

11

Competition

The biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries are highly competitive and are characterized by rapidly advancing technologies and a strong emphasis on proprietary products. While we believe that our technology, development experience, scientific knowledge and drug discovery approach provide us with certain advantages, we face potential competition in our discovery and product candidate development efforts from many different approaches and sources, including pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, academic institutions and governmental agencies and public and private research institutions. Any product candidates or products that we, or our collaborators, successfully develop and commercialize will compete with existing products and new products that may become available in the future.

Many of the companies against which we are competing or against which we may compete in the future have significantly greater financial resources and expertise in research and development, manufacturing, pre-clinical testing, conducting clinical trials, obtaining regulatory approvals and marketing approved products than we, or our collaborators, do. Mergers and acquisitions in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries may result in even more resources being concentrated among a smaller number of our competitors. Smaller or early-stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaboration arrangements with large and established companies.

Our commercial opportunities could be reduced or eliminated if our competitors develop and commercialize products or therapies that are safer, more effective, have fewer or less severe side effects, are more convenient or are less expensive than any products that we may develop. Our competitors also may obtain FDA, European Medicines Agency, or EMA, or other foreign regulatory approval for their products more rapidly than we may obtain approval for ours, which could result in our competitors establishing a strong market position before we are able to enter the market. In addition, our ability to compete may be affected in many cases by insurers or other third-party payers.

Aside from the product marketplace, our competitors also compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific and management personnel, establishing clinical trial sites, recruiting patients for clinical trials, and by acquiring technologies complementary to, or necessary for, our programs.

The key competitive factors affecting the success of all of our product candidates, if approved, are likely to be their efficacy, safety, convenience, price, the effectiveness of alternative products, the level of competition and the availability of coverage, and adequate reimbursement from government and other third-party payers. Our product candidates that are in clinical development may compete with various therapies and drugs, both in the marketplace and currently under development.

If one or more of our proprietary or partnered product candidates is approved for the treatment of epilepsy, we anticipate that they could potentially compete with other anti-seizure medications, or ASMs, or one another. Commonly prescribed ASMs include brivaracetam, carbamazepine, cenobamate, clobazam, eslicarbazepine acetate, ethosuximide, gabapentin, lacosamide, lamotrigine, levetiracetam, oxcarbazepine, perampanel, phenytoin, topiramate, and valproate. There are other ASMs in development that could potentially compete with our products, including product candidates in development from AbbVie Inc., Biohaven Ltd., Neurona Therapeutics Inc., NeuShen Therapeutics, Inc., Praxis Precision Medicines, Inc., QurAlis Corporation, Rapport Therapeutics, Inc., SK Life Science Inc., Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Zhimeng Biopharma, Inc. If one or more of our proprietary product candidates were approved for the treatment of MDD, we anticipate that they could potentially compete with other anti-depressant medications, or ADs. Patients with MDD are typically treated with a variety of ADs, which include selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors, or SSRIs, benzodiazepines, serotonin / norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors, or SNRIs, norepinephrine and dopamine reuptake inhibitors, or NDRIs, N-methyl-D-aspartate, or NMDA, receptor agonists and atypical antipsychotics. Currently prescribed antidepressants include benzodiazepines, brexpiprazole, bupropion, bupropion/dextromethorphan, cariprazine, citalopram, duloxetine, escitalopram, esketamine, fluoxetine, ketamine, sertraline, trazodone, tricyclic agents, venlafaxine, vilazodone and vortioxetine. We are aware of several companies developing product candidates for the treatment of MDD including AbbVie Inc., Alto Neuroscience, Inc., Axsome Therapeutics, Inc., Biohaven Ltd., Intra-Cellular Therapies, Inc., Johnson & Johnson Innovative Medicine, Neumora Therapeutics, Inc., and Neurocrine Biosciences, Inc. If one or more of our proprietary product candidates were approved for the treatment of depressive episodes associated with bipolar I or II disorder (bipolar depression), we anticipate that they could potentially compete with other generic antipsychotic and atypical antipsychotic medications. Patients with bipolar depression are typically treated with a variety of atypical antipsychotics as well as mood stabilizers and sometimes in combination with antidepressants. We are aware of several companies developing product candidates for the treatment of bipolar depression including Alto Neuroscience, Inc, Neumora Therapeutics, Inc. and NRx Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

12

Government Regulation

We are developing small-molecule product candidates, which are regulated as drugs by the FDA and equivalent regulatory authorities outside the U.S. Within the FDA, the Center for Drug Evaluation and Research, or CDER, regulates drugs. Drugs are subject to regulation under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, or FD&C Act, and other federal, provincial, state, local and foreign statutes and regulations. The FD&C Act and corresponding regulations govern, among other things, the testing, manufacturing, safety, efficacy, labeling, packaging, storage, record keeping, distribution, import, export, reporting, advertising and other promotional practices involving drugs. The extensive regulatory requirements to which drugs are subject under the FD&C Act and other applicable statutes, regulations, and guidance are subject to change and often are revised or reinterpreted by the FDA and other regulatory authorities in ways that may have a significant impact on our business. FDA approval of an IND, must be obtained before clinical testing of drugs is initiated, and each clinical study protocol for such product candidates is reviewed by the FDA and an institutional review board, or IRB, prior to initiation in the U.S. FDA approval also must be obtained before marketing of drugs in the U.S. The process of obtaining regulatory approvals and the subsequent compliance with appropriate federal, provincial, state, local and foreign statutes and regulations require the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources, and we may not be able to obtain the required regulatory approvals. Failure to comply with the applicable U.S. regulatory requirements at any time during the product development process, approval process or after approval may subject an applicant and/or sponsor to a variety of administrative or judicial sanctions. These sanctions could include, among other actions, FDA’s refusal to approve pending applications, withdrawal of an approval, imposition of a clinical hold, issuance of warning or untitled letters and other types of enforcement-related letters, product recalls, product seizures, relabeling or repackaging, total or partial suspension of production or distribution, injunctions, fines, refusals of government contracts, restitution, disgorgement of profits, or civil or criminal investigations and penalties brought by FDA and the Department of Justice or other governmental entities.

U.S. Drug Development Process

The process required by the FDA before a drug product may be marketed in the U.S. generally involves the following:

•
completion of nonclinical laboratory tests and animal studies according to good laboratory practices, or GLPs, and applicable requirements for the humane use of laboratory animals and other applicable regulations;

•
submission to the FDA of an application for an IND, which must become effective before human clinical studies may begin;

•
performance of adequate and well-controlled human clinical studies according to the FDA’s regulations commonly referred to as good clinical practices, or GCPs, and any additional requirements for the protection of human research subjects and their health information, to establish the safety and efficacy of the proposed product for its intended use;

•
submission to the FDA of an NDA for drug products for marketing approval that includes substantial evidence of safety and efficacy, which is usually based on large-scale Phase 3 clinical studies;

•
satisfactory completion of an FDA pre-approval inspection of the manufacturing facility or facilities where the product is produced to assess compliance with good manufacturing practices, or GMP, to assure that the facilities, methods and controls are adequate to consistently manufacture the product pursuant to regulatory requirements;

•
potential FDA inspection of the nonclinical and clinical study sites that generated the data in support of the NDA; and

•
payment of applicable user fees and FDA review and approval of the NDA.

The data required to support an NDA is generated in two distinct development stages: pre-clinical and clinical. For new chemical entities, the pre-clinical development stage generally involves synthesizing the active component, developing the formulation and determining the manufacturing process, evaluating purity and stability, as well as carrying out non-human toxicology, pharmacology and drug metabolism studies in the laboratory, which support subsequent clinical testing. The conduct of the pre-clinical tests must comply with federal regulations, including GLPs and the U.S. Department of Agriculture’s Animal Welfare Act. The sponsor must submit the results of the pre-clinical tests, together with manufacturing information, analytical data, any available clinical data or literature and a proposed clinical protocol, to the FDA as part of the IND. An IND is a request for authorization from the FDA to administer an investigational drug product to humans. The central focus of an IND submission is on the general investigational plan and the protocol(s) for human trials. The IND automatically becomes effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA, unless the FDA raises concerns or questions regarding the proposed clinical trials and places the IND on clinical hold within that 30-day time period. In such a case, the IND sponsor and the FDA must resolve any outstanding concerns or questions before the clinical trial can begin. Some long-term pre-clinical testing, such as animal tests of reproductive AEs and carcinogenicity, may continue after the IND is submitted. The FDA may also impose clinical holds on a drug candidate at any time before or during clinical trials due to safety concerns or non-compliance. Accordingly, submission of an IND does not guarantee the FDA will allow clinical trials to begin, or that, once begun, issues will not arise that could cause the trial to be suspended or terminated.

13

If the FDA accepts the IND, the drug can then be studied in human clinical trials to determine if the drug is safe and effective. The clinical stage of development involves the administration of the drug product to human subjects, including patients, under the supervision of qualified investigators in accordance with GCPs, which establish standards for conducting, recording data from, and reporting the results of clinical trials, and also include the requirement that all research subjects provide their informed consent in writing for their participation in any clinical trial.

Human clinical studies are typically conducted in three sequential phases that may overlap or be combined:

•
Phase 1. 
The drug is initially introduced into healthy human subjects and tested for safety. In the case of some products for severe or life-threatening diseases, especially when the product may be too inherently toxic to ethically administer to healthy volunteers, the initial human testing is often conducted in patients that have the condition or disease being studied.

•
Phase 2. 
The drug is evaluated in a limited patient population to identify possible adverse effects and safety risks, to preliminarily evaluate the efficacy of the product for specific targeted diseases and to determine a dose range and dosing schedule.

•
Phase 3. 
Clinical studies are undertaken to further evaluate dosing and dosing schedule, clinical efficacy, and safety in an expanded patient population at geographically dispersed clinical study sites. These clinical studies are intended to establish the overall risk/benefit ratio of the product and provide an adequate basis for product labeling.

Post-approval clinical studies, sometimes referred to as Phase 4 clinical studies, may be conducted after initial marketing approval. These clinical studies are used to gain additional experience from the treatment of patients in the intended therapeutic indication, particularly for long-term safety follow-up. In certain instances, the FDA may mandate the performance of Phase 4 clinical trials as a condition of approval of an NDA. During all phases of clinical development, regulatory agencies require extensive monitoring and auditing of all clinical activities, clinical data and clinical study investigators.

Concurrent with clinical studies, companies usually complete additional animal studies and must also develop additional information about the physical characteristics of the drug as well as finalize a process for manufacturing the product in commercial quantities in accordance with GMP requirements. The manufacturing process must be capable of consistently producing quality batches of the product candidate and, among other requirements, the sponsor must develop methods for ensuring the quality, identity, strength and purity of the final drug. Additionally, appropriate packaging must be selected and tested and stability studies must be conducted to demonstrate that the drug does not undergo unacceptable deterioration over its labeled shelf life.

Further, due to disasters and public health emergencies, we may be required to develop and implement additional clinical trial policies and procedures designed to help protect subjects. For example, the FDA has issued guidance on conducting clinical trials during major disruptions due to disasters and public health emergencies, which describes a number of considerations for sponsors of clinical trials impacted by these events, to ensure the safety of trial participants, maintaining GCP compliance, and minimizing risks to trial integrity. We may be required to make further adjustments to our clinical trials or business operations based on current or future guidance and regulatory requirements as a result of major disruptions due to disasters and public health emergencies.

U.S. Review and Approval Processes

After the completion of clinical studies of a drug, FDA approval of an NDA must be obtained before commercial marketing of the drug can begin. The NDA must include results of product development, laboratory and animal studies, human studies, information on the manufacture and composition of the product, proposed labeling and other relevant information. In addition, under the Pediatric Research Equity Act, or PREA, an NDA or supplement to an NDA must contain data to assess the safety and effectiveness of the product for the claimed indications in all relevant pediatric subpopulations and to support dosing and administration for each pediatric subpopulation for which the product is safe and effective. The FDA may grant deferrals for submission of data or full or partial waivers. Unless otherwise required by regulation, PREA does not apply to any drug for an indication for which orphan designation has been granted. The testing and approval processes require substantial time and effort, and there can be no assurance that the FDA will accept the NDA for filing and, even if filed, that any approval will be granted on a timely basis, if at all.

Under the Prescription Drug User Fee Act, or PDUFA, as amended, each NDA must be accompanied by a substantial user fee. PDUFA also imposes an annual product fee for drugs and an annual establishment fee on facilities used to manufacture prescription drugs. Fee waivers or reductions are available in certain circumstances, including a waiver of the application fee for the first application filed by a small business. Additionally, no user fees are assessed on NDAs for products designated as orphan drugs, unless the product also includes a non-orphan indication.

14

Within 60 days following submission of the application, the FDA reviews the NDA to determine if it is substantially complete before the agency accepts it for filing. The FDA may refuse to file any marketing application that it deems incomplete or not properly reviewable at the time of submission and may request additional information, including additional clinical data. In this event, the NDA must be resubmitted with the additional information. The resubmitted application also is subject to review before the FDA accepts it for filing. Once the submission is accepted for filing, the FDA begins an in-depth substantive review of the NDA. The FDA reviews the application to determine, among other things, whether the proposed product is safe and effective for its intended use, and whether the product is being manufactured in accordance with GMPs. The FDA may refer applications for novel products or products that present difficult questions of safety or efficacy to an advisory committee, typically a panel that includes clinicians and other experts, for review, evaluation and a recommendation as to whether the application should be approved and under what conditions. The FDA is not bound by the recommendations of an advisory committee, but it considers such recommendations carefully when making decisions. During the product approval process, the FDA also will determine whether a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy, or REMS, is necessary to assure the safe use of the product. If the FDA concludes a REMS is needed, the sponsor of the NDA must submit a proposed REMS; the FDA will not approve the application without a REMS, if required.

Notwithstanding the submission of relevant data and information, the FDA may ultimately decide that the NDA does not satisfy its regulatory criteria for approval and deny approval. Data obtained from clinical studies are not always conclusive and the FDA may interpret data differently than we interpret the same data. If the agency decides not to approve the marketing application, the FDA will issue a complete response letter, which typically describes all of the specific deficiencies in the application identified by the FDA. The deficiencies identified may be minor (e.g., requiring labeling changes) or major(e.g., requiring additional clinical studies). Additionally, the complete response letter may include recommended actions that the applicant might take to place the application in a condition for approval. If a complete response letter is issued, the applicant may either resubmit the NDA, addressing all of the deficiencies identified in the letter, or withdraw the application.

If a product receives regulatory approval, the approval will be limited to the specific diseases and dosages studied in clinical trials, and the indications for use may otherwise be limited, which could restrict the commercial value of the product. Further, the FDA may require that certain contraindications, warnings or precautions be included in the product labeling. The FDA may impose restrictions and conditions on product distribution, prescribing or dispensing pursuant to a REMS request, or otherwise limit the scope of any approval. Drug approvals may be withdrawn for non-compliance with regulatory standards or if problems occur following initial marketing.

One of the performance goals agreed to by the FDA under the PDUFA is to complete its review of 90% of standard new molecular entity, or NME, NDAs within ten months from the filing date and 90% of priority NME NDAs within six months from the filing date, whereupon a review decision is to be made. The FDA does not always meet its PDUFA goal dates, and its review goals are subject to change from time to time. The review process and the PDUFA goal date may be extended by three months if, within the last three months before the PDUFA goal date, the FDA requests (or the application sponsor otherwise provides) a substantial amount of new data or new information not previously submitted to, or reviewed by, the FDA (e.g., a major new clinical safety or efficacy study report, a proposed REMS), or a new analysis or major reanalysis of studies previously submitted to the pending application.

Post-Approval Requirements

Rigorous and extensive FDA regulation of drug continues after approval, particularly with respect to GMP. We will rely, and expect to continue to rely, on third parties for the production of clinical and commercial quantities of any products that we may commercialize. Manufacturers of our products will be required to comply with applicable requirements in the GMP regulations, including quality control and quality assurance and maintenance of records and documentation. Other post-approval requirements applicable to drug manufacturers, include reporting of GMP deviations that may affect the safety, efficacy or quality of a distributed product, record-keeping requirements, reporting of adverse effects, reporting updated safety and efficacy information, and complying with electronic record and signature requirements.

15

We also must comply with the FDA’s advertising and promotion requirements, such as those related to direct-to-consumer advertising, the prohibition on promoting products for uses or in patient populations that are not described in or are otherwise inconsistent with the product’s approved labeling (known as “off-label use”), and industry-sponsored scientific and educational activities. Discovery of previously unknown problems or the failure to comply with the applicable regulatory requirements may result in restrictions on the marketing of a product or withdrawal of the product from the market as well as possible civil or criminal sanctions. Failure to comply with the applicable U.S. requirements at any time during the product development process, approval process or after approval, may subject an applicant or manufacturer to administrative or judicial civil or criminal sanctions and adverse publicity. FDA sanctions could include refusal to approve pending applications, withdrawal of an approval, clinical hold, warning or untitled letters, product recalls, product seizures, total or partial suspension of production or distribution, injunctions, fines, refusals of government contracts, mandated corrective advertising or communications with doctors, debarment, restitution, disgorgement of profits, or civil or criminal penalties. An agency or judicial enforcement action could have a material adverse effect on us.

Drug manufacturers and other entities involved in the manufacture and distribution of approved drugs are required to register their establishments with the FDA and certain state agencies, and are subject to periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA and certain state agencies for compliance with GMPs and other laws. Accordingly, manufacturers must continue to expend time, money, and effort in the area of production and quality control to maintain GMP compliance. Discovery of problems with a product after approval may result in restrictions on a product, manufacturer or holder of an approved NDA, including withdrawal of the product from the market. In addition, changes to the manufacturing process or facility generally require prior FDA approval before being implemented and other types of changes to the approved product, such as adding new indications and additional labeling claims, are also subject to further FDA review and approval.

Fast Track Designation, Priority Review, Breakthrough Therapy Designation and Accelerated Approval

The FDA has various programs, including fast track designation, priority review, breakthrough therapy designation and accelerated approval, which are intended to expedite or simplify the process for the development and FDA review of drugs. Even if a drug qualifies for one or more of these programs, the FDA may later decide that the drug no longer meets the conditions for qualification. Generally, drugs that are eligible for these programs are those for serious or life-threatening conditions, those with the potential to address unmet medical needs and those that offer meaningful benefits over existing treatments. While these pathways can reduce the time it takes for the FDA to review an NDA, they do not guarantee that a product will receive FDA approval.

To be eligible for a fast track designation, the FDA must determine, based on the request of a sponsor, that a drug is intended to treat a serious or life threatening disease or condition for which there is no effective treatment and demonstrates the potential to address an unmet medical need for the disease or condition. Under the fast track program, the sponsor of a drug candidate may request the FDA to designate the product for a specific indication as a fast track product concurrent with or after the filing of the IND for the drug candidate. The FDA must make a fast track designation determination within 60 days after receipt of the sponsor’s request. In addition to other benefits, such as the ability to use surrogate endpoints and have greater interactions with the FDA, the FDA may initiate review of sections of a fast track product’s NDA before the application is complete. This rolling review is available if the applicant provides, and the FDA approves, a schedule for the submission of the remaining information and the applicant pays applicable user fees. However, the FDA’s time period goal for reviewing a fast track application does not begin until the last section of the NDA is submitted. A fast track drug also may be eligible for accelerated approval and priority review. In addition, the fast track designation may be withdrawn by the FDA if it believes that the designation is no longer supported by data emerging in the clinical trial process.

The FDA may give a priority review designation to drugs that offer major advances in treatment, or provide a treatment where no adequate therapy exists. A priority review means that the goal for the FDA to review an application is six months, rather than the standard review of ten months under current PDUFA guidelines. These six- and ten-month review periods are measured from the “filing” date rather than the receipt date for NDAs for new molecular entities, which typically adds approximately two months to the timeline for review and decision from the date of submission. Most products that are eligible for fast track designation are also likely to be considered appropriate to receive a priority review.

Under the provisions of the new Food and Drug Administration Safety and Innovation Act, or FDASIA, enacted by Congress in 2012, a sponsor can request designation of a drug candidate as a “breakthrough therapy,” typically by the end of the drug’s Phase II trials. A breakthrough therapy is defined as a drug that is intended, alone or in combination with one or more other drugs, to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition, and preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the drug may demonstrate substantial improvement over existing therapies on one or more clinically significant endpoints, such as substantial treatment effects observed early in clinical development. Drugs designated as breakthrough therapies are also eligible for accelerated approval. For breakthrough therapies, the FDA may take certain actions, such as intensive and early guidance on the drug development program, that are intended to expedite the development and review of an application for approval.

16

FDASIA also codified and expanded on FDA’s accelerated approval regulations, under which FDA may approve a drug for a serious or life threatening illness that provides meaningful therapeutic benefit over existing treatments based on a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit, or on an intermediate clinical endpoint that can be measured earlier than irreversible morbidity or mortality, that is reasonably likely to predict an effect on irreversible morbidity or mortality or other clinical benefit. A surrogate endpoint is a marker that does not itself measure clinical benefit but is believed to predict clinical benefit. This determination takes into account the severity, rarity or prevalence of the disease or condition and the availability or lack of alternative treatments. As a condition of approval, the FDA may require a sponsor of a drug receiving accelerated approval to perform Phase IV or post marketing studies to verify and describe the predicted effect on irreversible morbidity or mortality or other clinical endpoint, and the drug may be subject to accelerated withdrawal procedures. All promotional materials for drug candidates approved under accelerated regulations are subject to prior review by the FDA.

Even if a product qualifies for one or more of these programs, the FDA may later decide that the product no longer meets the conditions for qualification or decide that the time period for the FDA review or approval will not be shortened. Furthermore, fast track designation, priority review, accelerated approval and breakthrough therapy designation, do not change the standards for approval and may not ultimately expedite the development or approval process.

Controlled Substance Regulation

The United States Controlled Substances Act, or CSA, establishes registration, security, recordkeeping, reporting, storage, distribution and other requirements administered by the Drug Enforcement Administration, or DEA. The DEA is concerned with the control of handlers of controlled substances, and with the equipment and raw materials used in their manufacture and packaging, in order to prevent loss and diversion into illicit channels of commerce. The DEA regulates controlled substances as Schedule I, II, III, IV or V substances. Schedule I substances by definition have a high potential for abuse, have no established medicinal use, and may not be marketed or sold in the U.S. A pharmaceutical product may be listed as Schedule II, III, IV or V, with Schedule II substances considered to present the highest risk of abuse and Schedule V substances the lowest relative risk of abuse among such substances. Annual registration is required for any facility that manufactures, distributes, dispenses, imports or exports any controlled substance. The registration is specific to the particular location, activity and controlled substance schedule. For example, separate registrations are needed for import and manufacturing, and each registration will specify which schedules of controlled substances are authorized.

The DEA typically inspects a facility to review its security measures prior to issuing a registration. Security requirements vary by controlled substance schedule, with the most stringent requirements applying to Schedule I and Schedule II substances. Required security measures include background checks on employees and physical control of inventory through measures such as cages, surveillance cameras and inventory reconciliations. Records must be maintained for the handling of all controlled substances, and periodic reports made to the DEA. Reports must also be made for thefts or losses of any controlled substance, and to obtain authorization to destroy any controlled substance. In addition, special authorization and notification requirements apply to imports and exports.

The DEA conducts periodic inspections of certain registered establishments that handle controlled substances. Failure to maintain compliance with applicable requirements, particularly as manifested in loss or diversion, can result in enforcement action that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. The DEA may seek civil penalties, refuse to renew necessary registrations, or initiate proceedings to restrict, suspend or revoke those registrations. In certain circumstances, violations could result in criminal proceedings. Individual states also regulate controlled substances, and we and our contract manufacturers will be subject to state regulation on distribution of these products, including licensing, recordkeeping and security.

Controlled substances are also regulated pursuant to several international drug control treaties. These treaties are enforced by the United National Commission on Narcotic Drugs. The U.S. is a signatory to these treaties and thus must conform its laws and regulations to the international requirements, which generally include licensing, recordkeeping and reporting requirements. Any change in the international treaties regarding classification of these products could affect regulation of these substances in the U.S. and in other countries. Further, marketing approval and controlled substance classification procedures vary among countries, can involve additional testing and administrative review periods and may be otherwise complicated if our product candidates contain ingredients already classified as controlled substances in the countries where we develop them, which could make such product candidates subject to applicable controlled substances laws prior to commercialization. Foreign regulation of controlled substances can differ significantly from U.S. DEA and state regulations. The time required to obtain marketing approval and controlled substance classification in other countries may differ from and be longer than that required to obtain FDA approval and DEA classification in the U.S.

17

U.S. Patent Term Extension and Marketing Exclusivity

Depending upon the timing, duration and specifics of the FDA approval of the use of our product candidates, some of our U.S. patents may be eligible for limited patent term extension under the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984, commonly referred to as the Hatch-Waxman Act. The Hatch-Waxman Act permits a patent term extension of up to five years as compensation for patent term lost during product development and the FDA regulatory review process. Patent term extension cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14 years from the product’s approval date. Only one patent applicable to an approved product is eligible for extension and the application for the patent term extension must be submitted within 60 days of receipt of FDA approval. The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, in consultation with the FDA, reviews and approves the application for any patent term extension.

Under the Hatch-Waxman Act, a drug product containing a new chemical entity as its active ingredient is entitled to five years of market exclusivity. A drug product is a new chemical entity if the FDA has not previously approved any other new drug containing the same active moiety, which is defined as the molecule or ion responsible for the activity of the drug substance, excluding those appended portions of the molecule that cause the drug to be an ester, salt, or other noncovalent derivative. During this exclusivity period, the FDA may not approve an abbreviated new drug application, or ANDA, or a 505(b)(2) NDA submitted by another company that contains the previously approved active moiety. However, an ANDA or 505(b)(2) NDA may be submitted after four years if it contains a certification of patent invalidity or non-infringement.

A drug product whose active ingredient was previously FDA-approved, and for which the sponsor is required to generate new clinical investigations such as to support new indications, dosages, strengths or dosage forms, is entitled to three years of market exclusivity. This three-year exclusivity covers only the conditions of use associated with the new clinical investigations and, as a general matter, does not prohibit the FDA from approving ANDAs or 505(b)(2) NDAs for generic versions of the original unmodified drug product, although the approval of such an application may not be effective until, at the earliest, after the full five years of market exclusivity has expired.

A drug product can also obtain pediatric market exclusivity in the U.S. and, if granted, adds six months to existing marketing exclusivities and any Orange Book-listed patent term(s). This six-month exclusivity, which runs from the end of other exclusivity periods and/or patent term(s), may be granted based on the timely, voluntary, and as-agreed upon completion of a pediatric study in accordance with an FDA-issued “Written Request” for such a study, even if the data do not show that the drug product was effective in the pediatric population studied.

Additional Regulation

Manufacturing, sales, promotion and other activities following drug approval are also subject to regulation by numerous regulatory authorities in addition to the FDA, including, in the United States, the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services, other divisions of the Department of Health and Human Services, the Drug Enforcement Administration for controlled substances, the Consumer Product Safety Commission, the Federal Trade Commission, the Occupational Safety & Health Administration, the Environmental Protection Agency and state and local governments. In the United States, the activities of pharmaceutical manufacturers are subject to federal and state laws designed to prevent “fraud and abuse” in the healthcare industry. The laws generally limit financial interactions between manufacturers and healthcare providers or other participants in the healthcare industry and/or require disclosure to the government and public of such interactions. Many of these laws and regulations contain ambiguous requirements or require administrative guidance for implementation. Pharmaceutical manufacturers are also required to provide discounts or rebates under government healthcare programs or to certain government and private purchasers in order to obtain coverage under federal healthcare programs such as Medicaid. Participation in such programs may require tracking and reporting of certain drug prices. Manufacturers are subject to fines and other penalties if such prices are not reported accurately. The handling of any controlled substances must comply with the U.S. Controlled Substances Act and Controlled Substances Import and Export Act. Drugs must meet applicable child-resistant packaging requirements under the U.S. Poison Prevention Packaging Act. Manufacturing, sales, promotion and other activities are also potentially subject to federal and state consumer protection and unfair competition laws.

The failure to comply with regulatory requirements subjects manufacturers to possible legal or regulatory action. Depending on the circumstances, failure to meet applicable regulatory requirements can result in criminal prosecution, fines or other penalties, injunctions, recall or seizure of drugs, total or partial suspension of production, denial or withdrawal of product approvals, exclusion from participation in government healthcare programs or refusal to allow a firm to enter into supply contracts, including government contracts. In addition, even if a firm complies with FDA and other requirements, new information regarding the safety or efficacy of a product could lead the FDA to modify or withdraw product approval. Prohibitions or restrictions on sales or withdrawal of future products marketed by us could materially affect our business in an adverse way.

Changes in regulations, statutes or the interpretation of existing regulations could impact our business in the future by requiring, for example: (i) changes to our manufacturing arrangements; (ii) additions or modifications to product labeling; (iii) the recall or discontinuation of our products; or (iv) additional record-keeping requirements. If any such changes were to be imposed, they could adversely affect the operation of our business.

18

Global Anti-Corruption Laws

The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the Canadian Corruption of Foreign Public Officials Act, the U.S. Travel Act, the OECD Anti-Bribery Convention, Title 18 United States Code section 201, and any other applicable domestic or foreign anti-corruption or anti-bribery laws to which we are subject prohibit corporations and individuals from engaging in certain activities to obtain or retain business or to influence a person working in an official capacity. It is illegal to pay, offer to pay or authorize the payment of anything of value to any foreign government official, government staff member, political party or political candidate in an attempt to obtain or retain business or to otherwise influence a person working in an official capacity. We may also be held liable for the acts of our third-party agents under the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, Canadian Corruption of Foreign Public Officials Act, and other applicable anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws. Noncompliance with these laws could subject us to investigations, sanctions, settlements, prosecution, other enforcement actions, disgorgement of profits, significant fines, damages, other civil and criminal penalties or injunctions, suspension or debarment from contracting with certain persons, the loss of export privileges, whistleblower complaints, reputational harm, adverse media coverage and other collateral consequences. Any investigations, actions or sanctions or other previously mentioned harm could have a material negative effect on our business, operating results and financial condition.

Government Regulation Outside of the U.S.

In addition to regulations in the U.S., we will be subject to a variety of regulations in other jurisdictions governing, among other things, research, development, testing, manufacture, quality control, controlled substances, approval, labeling, packaging, storage, record-keeping, promotion, advertising, distribution, post-approval monitoring and reporting, marketing and export and import of drugs, and reimbursement requirements. Generally, before a new drug can be marketed, considerable data demonstrating its quality, safety and efficacy must be obtained, organized into a format specific for each regulatory authority, submitted for review and approved by the regulatory authority. Whether or not we obtain FDA approval for a product candidate, we must obtain the requisite approvals from regulatory authorities in foreign countries prior to the commencement of clinical studies or marketing of the product candidate in those countries. Certain countries outside of the U.S. have a similar process that requires the submission of a clinical study application much like the IND prior to the commencement of human clinical studies.

The requirements and processes governing the conduct of clinical studies, product licensing, coverage, pricing and reimbursement vary from country to country. In all cases, the clinical studies are conducted in accordance with GCP and the applicable regulatory requirements and the ethical principles that have their origin in the Declaration of Helsinki. The Clinical Trials Regulation EU No 536/2014, or the CTR, which replaced the Clinical Trials Directive, entered into application on January 31, 2022, harmonizes the procedures for the submission, assessment and monitoring of clinical drug trials in the EU, thus simplifying the current rules for clinical trial authorization and standards of performance. The CTR requires a clinical trial sponsor to obtain approval from the national competent authority (NCA) of each European Union member state in which the clinical trial is to be conducted. Furthermore, the sponsor can only start a clinical trial at a specific study site after the local research ethics committee, or REC, has issued a favorable opinion. Subject to the transition arrangement referenced below, a sponsor submits a single application for a clinical trial authorization, or CTA, through a centralized EU clinical trials portal called the Clinical Trials Information System, or CTIS. One NCA (the reporting EU member state selected by the sponsor) takes the lead in validating and evaluating the application, as well as consulting and coordinating with the other concerned member states in which the clinical trial is to be conducted. If an application is rejected, it may be amended and resubmitted through CTIS. A concerned member state may in limited circumstances declare an “opt-out” from an approval and prevent the clinical trial from being conducted in that member state. The CTR foresees a three-year transition period. As of January 31, 2023, all new CTA applications had to be submitted via CTIS and be made pursuant to the CTR. From and after January 31, 2025, all clinical trials (including those approved under the Clinical Trial Directive (now replaced by the CTR)) need to comply with the CTR and be recorded in CTIS.

In the UK, clinical trials of medicinal products for human use are primarily governed by the Medicines for Human Use (Clinical Trials) Regulations 2004 (as amended). Similar to the EU, before a clinical trial can be initiated in the UK, a CTA must be obtained from the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency, or MHRA, as well as a positive opinion from a REC.

19

To obtain regulatory approval of an investigational drug under EU regulatory systems, we must submit a marketing authorization application, or MAA. There are two types of marketing authorizations:

•
The centralized MA is issued by the European Commission through the centralized procedure, based on the opinion of the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use, or the CHMP, of the EMA, and is valid throughout the entire territory of the EEA. The centralized procedure is mandatory for certain types of products, such as biotechnology medicinal products, orphan medicinal products, advanced-therapy medicinal products (gene-therapy, somatic cell-therapy or tissue-engineered medicines) and medicinal products containing a new active substance indicated for the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus, acquired immunodeficiency syndrome, cancer, neurodegenerative disorders, diabetes, auto-immune and other immune dysfunctions and viral diseases. The centralized procedure is optional for products containing a new active substance not yet authorized in the EEA, or for products that constitute a significant therapeutic, scientific or technical innovation or which are in the interest of public health in the EU. Under the centralized procedure, the maximum timeframe for the evaluation of a MA application by the EMA is 210 days, excluding clock stops, when additional written or oral information is to be provided by the applicant in response to questions asked by the CHMP. Clock stops may extend the timeframe of evaluation of a MA application considerably beyond 210 days. Where the CHMP gives a positive opinion, the EMA provides the opinion together with supporting documentation to the European Commission, who makes the final decision to grant a MA, which is ordinarily issued within 67 days of receipt of the EMA’s recommendation. Accelerated assessment might be granted by the CHMP in exceptional cases, when a medicinal product is expected to be of a major public health interest, particularly from the point of view of therapeutic innovation. The timeframe for the evaluation of a MA application under the accelerated assessment procedure is 150 days, excluding clock stops, but it is possible that the CHMP may revert to the standard time limit for the centralized procedure if it determines that the application is no longer appropriate to conduct an accelerated assessment.

•
National MAs, which are issued by the NCAs of the EEA member states and only cover their respective territory, are available for products not falling within the mandatory scope of the centralized procedure. Where a product has already been authorized for marketing in a member state of the EEA, this national MA can be progressively recognized in other EEA member states through the mutual recognition procedure. If the product has not received a national MA in any EEA member state at the time of application, it can be approved simultaneously in various EEA member states through the decentralized procedure. Under the decentralized procedure, an identical dossier is submitted to the NCAs of each of the EEA member states in which the MA is sought, one of which is selected by the applicant as the Reference Member State (the RMS). The competent authority of the RMS prepares a draft assessment report, a draft summary of the product characteristics (SmPC), and a draft of the labeling and package leaflet, which are sent to the other EEA member states, referred to as the Concerned Member States, for their approval. If the Concerned Member States raise no objections, based on a potential serious risk to public health, to the assessment, SmPC, labeling, or packaging proposed by the RMS, the product is subsequently granted a national MA in all EEA member states to which an application was submitted
.

In relation to the UK, until the end of 2024, under the Northern Ireland Protocol which is contained in the Agreement on the withdrawal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland from the European Union and the European Atomic Energy Community, centralized MAs continue to provide a valid basis for commercializing medicinal products in Northern Ireland. However, centralized MAs no longer provide a valid basis for the commercialization of medicinal products in Great Britain. Pursuant to the Windsor Framework (which is a political declaration by the European Commission and the UK Government to correct the post-Brexit restrictions of movements of goods including medicines), from January 1, 2025, all new medicinal products for the UK market will be authorized by the MHRA which will grant on behalf of the UK Licensing Authority a single UK-wide MA for all medicinal products intended for sale in the UK, enabling medicinal products to be sold in a single pack and under a single authorization throughout the UK, including Northern Ireland, but the UK packaging must carry a clearly legible ‘UK only’ to be allowed onto the UK market.

Since leaving the EU, the MHRA has introduced changes to national licensing procedures, including procedures to prioritize access to new medicines that will benefit patients, an accelerated assessment procedure, and new routes of evaluation for novel products and biotechnological products. There is no wholesale recognition of EU pharmaceutical legislation between the jurisdictions, and EU MAs do not automatically provide a valid basis for the commercialization of medicinal products in Great Britain, From January 1, 2024, companies are able to request the MHRA to recognize MAs granted by acceptable Reference Regulators in foreign jurisdictions (including the EU) under a new International Recognition Procedure, or IRP. IRP allows the MHRA to take into account the expertise and decision-making of trusted regulatory authorities to conduct targeted assessments of IRP applications while retaining the authority to reject applications if the evidence provided is considered insufficiently robust.

The application used to file the NDA in the U.S. is similar to that required in the EU, with the exception of, among other things, country-specific document requirements. Reimbursement approval for the drug by regulatory authorities is also required before a drug may be commercialized.

20

The EU also provides opportunities for data and market exclusivity. For example, in the EU, upon receiving marketing authorization, innovative medicinal products (including both small molecules and biological medicinal products) approved on the basis of a complete independent data package consisting of quality, preclinical testing results, and clinical trial data receive eight years of data exclusivity upon grant of an MA, and an additional two years of marketing exclusivity. If granted, data exclusivity prevents generic or biosimilar applicants from cross-referencing the innovator’s preclinical and clinical trial data contained in the dossier of the reference medicinal product when applying for a generic or biosimilar MA until the data exclusivity period has expired. Even if a generic and a biosimilar product is approved, it can be marketed only until the expiration of the full ten-year exclusivity period. The overall ten-year period can be extended to a maximum of 11 years if, during the first eight years of those ten years, the MA holder obtains an authorization for one or more new therapeutic indications which, during the scientific evaluation prior to their authorization, are determined to bring a significant clinical benefit in comparison with currently approved therapies. The UK domestic law follows the same formula of regulatory data and marketing exclusivity. However, there is no guarantee that a product will be considered by the EU’s regulatory authorities to be a new chemical entity or new active substance, and products may not qualify for data exclusivity.

Products receiving orphan designation in the EU can receive ten years of market exclusivity, provided that the orphan designation is maintained at the time of grant of the marketing authorization. During the ten-year orphan market exclusivity period, no application for a similar medicinal product for the same indication may be accepted by any regulatory authority in the EU for approval. An orphan product can also obtain an additional two years of market exclusivity in the EU for completing pediatric studies in compliance with an agreed Pediatric Investigation Plan even though the data do not lead to approval of a pediatric indication. No extension to any supplementary protection certificate can be granted on the basis of pediatric studies for orphan indications.

The criteria for designating an “orphan medicinal product” in the EU are similar in principle but not identical to those in the U.S. Under Article 3 of Regulation (EC) 141/2000, a medicinal product may be designated as orphan if (1) it is intended for the diagnosis, prevention or treatment of a life-threatening or chronically debilitating condition; (2) either (a) such condition affects no more than five in 10,000 persons in the EU when the application is made, or (b) the product, without the benefits derived from orphan status, would not generate sufficient return in the EU to justify investment; and (3) there exists no satisfactory method of diagnosis, prevention or treatment of such condition authorized for marketing in the EU, or if such a method exists, the product will be of significant benefit to those affected by the condition, as defined in Regulation (EC) 847/2000. The criteria for orphan designation must be re-assessed and confirmed at the time when a marketing authorization is granted in order to benefit from a period of 10 years orphan market exclusivity. The MHRA conducts an equivalent assessment, against the criteria specific to the UK. In the EEA, orphan drug designation must be requested before submitting an application for MA. The EMA’s Committee for Orphan Medicinal Products (COMP) is required to re-assess the granted orphan designation at the time of MA grant to ensure that it continues to meet the criteria for the designation to be maintained. Otherwise, the orphan designation can be revoked. In contrast, the MHRA does not grant orphan designations during the development of the medicinal product. Instead, the MHRA will decide whether the criteria are satisfied at the point of grant of an MA.

In the EEA and the UK, orphan medicinal products are eligible for financial incentives such as reduction of fees or fee waivers and are, upon grant of a marketing authorization, entitled to ten years of market exclusivity for the approved therapeutic indication. The applicant will receive a fee reduction for the marketing authorization application if the orphan drug designation has been granted, but not if the designation is still pending at the time the marketing authorization is submitted. Orphan drug designation does not convey any advantage in, or shorten the duration of, the regulatory review and approval process.

The 10-year market exclusivity may be reduced to six years if, at the end of the fifth year, it is established that the product no longer meets the criteria for orphan designation, for example, if the product is sufficiently profitable not to justify maintenance of market exclusivity. Additionally, marketing authorization may be granted to a similar medicinal product for the same therapeutic indication at any time if:

•
the second applicant can establish that its product, although similar, is safer, more effective or otherwise clinically superior;

•
the applicant consents to a second orphan medicinal product application; or

•
the applicant cannot supply enough orphan medicinal product.

A “similar medicinal product” is defined as a medicinal product containing a similar active substance or substances as contained in an authorized orphan medicinal product, and which is intended for the same therapeutic indication.

21

In the EEA, companies developing a new medicinal product must agree upon a pediatric investigation plan, or PIP, with the EMA’s Pediatric Committee, or PDCO, and must conduct pediatric clinical trials in accordance with that PIP, unless a waiver applies. The PIP sets out the timing and measures proposed to generate data to support a pediatric indication of the drug for which MA is being sought. The PDCO can grant a deferral of the obligation to implement some or all of the measures of the PIP until there are sufficient data to demonstrate the efficacy and safety of the product in adults. Further, the obligation to provide pediatric clinical trial data can be waived by the PDCO when this data is not needed or appropriate because the product is likely to be ineffective or unsafe in children, the disease or condition for which the product is intended occurs only in adult populations, or when the product does not represent a significant therapeutic benefit over existing treatments for pediatric patients. Products that are granted a MA with the results of the pediatric clinical trials conducted in accordance with the PIP (even where such results are negative) are eligible for six months’ supplementary protection certificate extension (if any is in effect at the time of approval). In the case of orphan medicinal products, a two-year extension of the orphan market exclusivity may be available. This pediatric reward is subject to specific conditions and is not automatically available when data in compliance with the PIP are developed and submitted. According to local law requirements, the UK MHRA adopts a similar approach to the EEA to facilitate the development of medicinal products for the pediatric population.

For other countries outside of the EU, such as Canada and countries in Eastern Europe, Latin America or Asia, the requirements governing the conduct of clinical studies, product and establishment licensing, coverage, data protection, pricing and reimbursement vary from country to country. In all cases, again, the clinical studies are conducted in accordance with GCP and the applicable regulatory requirements and the ethical principles that have their origin in the Declaration of Helsinki.

If we fail to comply with applicable foreign regulatory requirements, we may be subject to, among other things, fines, suspension or withdrawal of regulatory approvals, product recalls, inability to import or export, seizure of products, operating restrictions and criminal prosecution.

Pharmaceutical Coverage, Pricing and Reimbursement

Significant uncertainty exists as to the coverage and reimbursement status of any product candidates for which we obtain regulatory approval. In the U.S. and markets in other countries, sales of any products for which we receive regulatory approval for commercial sale will depend, in part, on the availability of coverage and adequate reimbursement from third-party payers. Third-party payers include government programs such as Medicare or Medicaid, and private payers such as private health insurance and managed care plans, and other organizations. These third-party payers may deny or limit coverage or reimbursement for a product.

Within the U.S., coverage and reimbursement for drug products can differ significantly from payer to payer. One third-party payer’s decision to cover a particular drug product or service does not ensure that other payers will also provide coverage for the product or will provide coverage at an adequate reimbursement rate. Third-party payers may attempt to control costs by limiting coverage (e.g., to specific drug products on an approved list, or formulary, which might not include all of the FDA-approved drug products for a particular indication), by controlling utilization (e.g., requiring pre-approval or prior authorization for new or innovative drug therapies before they will provide coverage for specific patients) and by limiting the amount of reimbursement for drugs.

The cost of pharmaceuticals continues to generate substantial governmental and third-party payer interest. We expect that the pharmaceutical industry will experience pricing pressures due to the trend toward managed healthcare, the increasing influence of managed care organizations and additional legislative proposals. Third-party payers are increasingly challenging the price and examining the medical necessity and cost-effectiveness of medical products and services, in addition to their safety and efficacy. We may need to conduct expensive pharmacoeconomic studies in order to demonstrate the medical necessity and cost-effectiveness of our products, in addition to the costs required to obtain the FDA approvals. Our product candidates may not be considered medically necessary or cost-effective. A payer’s decision to provide coverage for a drug product does not imply that an adequate reimbursement rate will be approved. Adequate third-party reimbursement may not be available to enable us to maintain price levels sufficient to realize an appropriate return on our investment in product development.

While we cannot predict what cost-containment measures will be adopted or otherwise implemented in the future, new measures or any announcement of proposed measures could have a material adverse effect on our ability to obtain adequate prices for our product candidates and to operate profitably.

In international markets, reimbursement and healthcare payment systems vary significantly by country, and many countries have instituted price ceilings on specific products and therapies. There can be no assurance that our products will be considered medically reasonable and necessary for a specific indication, that our products will be considered cost-effective by third-party payers, that coverage or an adequate level of reimbursement will be available or that the third-party payers’ reimbursement policies will not adversely affect our ability to sell our products profitably.

22

In addition, in many foreign countries, the proposed pricing for a drug must be approved before it may be lawfully marketed. The requirements governing drug pricing and reimbursement vary widely from country to country. For example, the EU provides options for its member states to restrict the range of medicinal products for which their national health insurance systems provide reimbursement and to control the prices of medicinal products for human use. A member state may approve a specific price for the medicinal product or it may instead adopt a system of direct or indirect controls on the profitability of the company placing the medicinal product on the market. There can be no assurance that any country that has price controls or reimbursement limitations for pharmaceutical products will allow favorable reimbursement and pricing arrangements for any of our products. Historically, products launched in the EU do not follow price structures of the U.S. and generally prices tend to be significantly lower.

Healthcare Reform

In the U.S. and foreign jurisdictions, there have been a number of legislative and regulatory changes to the healthcare system that could affect our future results of operations. In particular, there have been and continue to be a number of initiatives at the U.S. federal and state levels that seek to reduce healthcare costs generally and drug costs specifically.

In the U.S., for example, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended, or PPACA, is a sweeping law enacted in March of 2010 that expanded healthcare coverage through Medicaid expansion and the implementation of the individual mandate for health insurance coverage and which included changes to the coverage and reimbursement of drug products under government healthcare programs. Beyond the PPACA, there are ongoing and widespread healthcare reform efforts, a number of which have focused on regulation of prices or payment for drug products. For example, federal legislation eliminated a statutory cap on Medicaid drug rebate program rebates effective January 1, 2024. As another example, the Inflation Reduction Act (IRA) of 2022 includes a number of changes intended to address rising prescription drug prices in Medicare Parts B and D. These changes, which have varying implementation dates, include caps on Medicare Part D out-of-pocket costs, Medicare Part B and Part D drug inflation rebates and a new Medicare Part D manufacturer discount drug program (replacing the PPACA Medicare Part D coverage gap discount program), and a drug price negotiation program for certain high-spend Medicare Part B and D drugs. The IRA is likely to have a significant impact on the pharmaceutical industry as implementation proceeds. As another example, in 2022, subsequent to the enactment of the IRA, the Biden administration announced its commitment to expanding certain IRA reforms. There have been significant and wide-ranging reforms to federal policy and the federal government under the new Trump administration. Drug pricing and payment reform was a focus of the prior Trump administration, and that focus is likely to continue under the new Trump administration. Other potential healthcare reform efforts under the Trump administration may affect access to healthcare coverage or the funding of healthcare benefits. There is significant uncertainty regarding the nature or impact of any such reform implemented by the Trump administration through executive action or by Congress. These changes or other changes could affect the market conditions for our products. We expect continued scrutiny on drug pricing and government price reporting from Congress, agencies, and other bodies.

At the state level, legislatures have increasingly passed legislation and implemented regulations designed to control pharmaceutical and biological product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. For example, on January 5, 2024, the FDA approved Florida’s Section 804 Importation Program, or SIP, proposal to import certain drugs from Canada for specific state healthcare programs. It is unclear how this program will be implemented, including which drugs will be chosen, and whether it will be subject to legal challenges in the United States or Canada. Other states have also submitted SIP proposals that are pending review by the FDA. Any such approved importation plans, when implemented, may result in lower drug prices for products covered by those programs. Additionally, a number of states have enacted state drug price transparency and reporting laws that could substantially increase our compliance burdens and expose us to greater liability under such state laws if and when we have marketed products.

Healthcare reform efforts have been and may continue to be subject to scrutiny and legal challenge. For example, with respect to the PPACA, tax reform legislation was enacted that eliminated the tax penalty established for individuals who do not maintain mandated health insurance coverage beginning in 2019 and, in 2021, the U.S. Supreme Court dismissed the latest judicial challenge to the ACA brought by several states without specifically ruling on the constitutionality of the PPACA. As another example, revisions to regulations under the federal anti-kickback statute would remove protection for traditional Medicare Part D discounts offered by pharmaceutical manufacturers to pharmacy benefit managers and health plans. Pursuant to court order, the removal was delayed and recent legislation imposed a moratorium on implementation of the rule until January 2032. As another example, the IRA drug price negotiation program has been challenged in litigation filed by various pharmaceutical manufacturers and industry groups.

We expect that healthcare reform measures that have been or in the future may be adopted, may result in more rigorous coverage criteria and in additional downward pressure on the price that we receive for any approved product, and could seriously harm any future revenue generation. Any reduction in reimbursement from Medicare or other government programs may result in a similar reduction in payments from private payers. Complying with any new legislation and regulatory changes could be time-intensive and expensive, resulting in a material adverse effect on our business.

23

Legislative and regulatory proposals have been made to expand post-approval requirements and restrict sales and promotional activities for pharmaceutical products. We cannot be sure whether additional legislative changes will be enacted, or whether FDA regulations, guidance or interpretations will be changed, or what the impact of such changes on the regulatory approvals, if any, of our product candidates may be. In addition, increased scrutiny by Congress of the FDA’s approval process may significantly delay or prevent regulatory approval, as well as subject us to more stringent product labeling and post-marketing testing and other requirements.

In addition, different pricing and reimbursement schemes exist in other countries. In the European Community, governments influence the price of pharmaceutical products through their pricing and reimbursement rules and control of national healthcare systems that fund a large part of the cost of those products to consumers. Some jurisdictions operate positive and negative list systems under which products may be marketed only once a reimbursement price has been agreed upon. Some of these countries may require, as a condition of obtaining reimbursement or pricing approval, the completion of clinical trials that compare the cost-effectiveness of a particular product to other then-available therapies. Other member states allow companies to fix their own prices for medicines, but monitor and control company profits. The downward pressure on healthcare costs in general, particularly prescription drugs, has become very intense. As a result, increasingly high barriers are being erected to the entry of new products. In addition, in some countries, cross-border imports from low-priced markets exert a commercial pressure on pricing within a country.

On May 1, 2021, the EU and UK trade and cooperation agreement, or TCA, entered into application. The TCA includes specific provisions concerning pharmaceuticals, which include the mutual recognition of the outcomes of GMP inspections. Applicants and MA holders may submit GMP certificates issued by the MHRA for sites located outside the EU/EEA as supporting information for EU regulatory submissions. However, the TCA does not foresee wholesale mutual recognition of UK and EU pharmaceutical regulations. The regulatory regime in Great Britain currently broadly aligns with EU regulations. However, it is possible that these regimes may diverge in the future, given proposed legislative changes such as the European Commission’s proposals for the entire overhaul of the pharmaceutical regulatory regime.

Other Healthcare Laws and Compliance Requirements

In the United States, pharmaceutical manufacturers are subject to numerous other federal, state and local laws designed to, for example, prevent fraud and abuse; promote transparency in interactions with others in the healthcare industry; regulate pricing of drugs and protect the privacy of individual information. These laws, some of which may apply only if a pharmaceutical manufacturer has an approved product, are enforced by various federal and state enforcement authorities, including but not limited to, the U.S. Department of Justice, and individual U.S. Attorney offices within the Department of Justice, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, or HHS, HHS’ various divisions, including but not limited to, the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services, or CMS, and the Office of Inspector General, and state boards of pharmacy.

We may be subject to various federal and state laws pertaining to healthcare “fraud and abuse,” including anti kickback laws, and false claims laws, for activities related to sales of any products reimbursable by third party payers such as federal healthcare programs (including Medicare and Medicaid) or, in some cases, commercial health plans. Anti-kickback laws generally prohibit a pharmaceutical manufacturer from soliciting, offering, receiving, or paying anything of value to generate business, including the purchase, prescription or use of a particular drug. False claims laws generally prohibit anyone from knowingly and willingly presenting, or causing to be presented, any claims for payment for reimbursed drugs or services to third-party payers that are false or fraudulent. Although the specific provisions of these laws vary, their scope is generally broad and there may not be regulations, guidance or court decisions that apply the laws to particular industry practices. There is therefore a possibility that our practices might be challenged under such laws.

Laws and regulations have also been enacted by the federal government and various states to regulate the sales and marketing practices of pharmaceutical manufacturers with marketed products. The laws and regulations generally limit financial interactions between manufacturers and healthcare providers; require manufacturers to adopt certain compliance standards; require disclosure to the government and public of financial interactions; require disclosure of marketing expenditures or pricing information, regulate drug pricing and/or require the registration of pharmaceutical sales representatives. Many of these laws and regulations contain ambiguous requirements or require administrative guidance for implementation. Given the lack of clarity in laws and their implementation, any future activities (if we obtain approval and/or reimbursement from federal healthcare programs for our product candidates) could be subject to challenge.

Federal laws, including the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, require pharmaceutical manufacturers to report certain calculated product prices to the government or provide certain discounts or rebates to government authorities or private entities, often as a condition of reimbursement under government healthcare programs. These laws are complex and the failure to calculate reported prices correctly or provide appropriate prices and rebates can expose a manufacturer to penalties and other sanctions.

The distribution of drugs and biological products is subject to additional requirements and regulations, including extensive record-keeping, licensing, storage and security requirements intended to prevent the unauthorized sale of pharmaceutical products.

24

Federal and state consumer protection and unfair competition laws and regulations broadly regulate marketplace activities and that potentially harm consumers and could apply to the activities of pharmaceutical manufacturers.

We may be subject to data privacy and security laws in the various jurisdictions in which we operate, obtain or store personally identifiable information. Numerous U.S. federal and state laws govern the collection, use, disclosure and storage of personal information. Various foreign countries also have, or are developing, laws governing the collection, use, disclosure and storage of personal information. Globally, there has been an increasing focus on privacy and data protection issues that may affect our business.

Efforts to ensure that our activities comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations will involve substantial costs. Given the breadth of the laws and regulations, limited guidance for certain laws and regulations and evolving government interpretations of the laws and regulations, governmental authorities may possibly conclude that our business practices may not comply with such laws. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of these laws or any other governmental regulations that may apply to us, we may be subject to significant civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, fines, exclusion from government funded healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations. Further, defending against any such actions can be costly, time-consuming and may require significant personnel resources. Therefore, even if we are successful in defending against any such actions that may be brought against us, our business may be impaired.

To the extent that any of our products are sold in a foreign country or if we contract with vendors or independent contractors outside of the U.S., we may be subject to similar foreign laws and regulations, which may include, for instance, applicable post-approval requirements, including safety surveillance, anti-corruption/anti-bribery laws, anti-kickback laws, healthcare fraud and abuse laws, and implementation of corporate compliance programs and reporting of payments or transfers of value to healthcare professionals. While we are not aware of any current issues, we are unable to predict whether we will be subject to actions under applicable healthcare laws, or the impact of such actions on our business. However, the costs of defending such actions or claims, as well as any sanctions imposed, could result in a material adverse effect on our business or financial condition.

Environmental Matters

Our operations require the use of hazardous materials (including biological materials) which subject us to a variety of federal, provincial and local environmental and safety laws and regulations. Some of the regulations under the current regulatory structure provide for strict liability, holding a party potentially liable without regard to fault or negligence. We could be held liable for damages and fines as a result of our, or someone else’s, business operations should contamination of the environment or individual exposure to hazardous substances occur. We believe that we are in material compliance with applicable environmental laws and that continued compliance therewith will not have a material adverse effect on our business. We cannot predict, however, how changes in laws or development of new regulations will affect our business operations or the cost of compliance.

Human Capital

Our board of directors and management recognize that creating long-term enterprise value is advanced by considering the interests and concerns of many stakeholders, including those of our employees. As of December 31, 2024, we had 327 employees, including 316 full-time and part-time permanent employees, of which 181 are located in Canada and 135 are located in the U.S. Of our employees, 239 were primarily engaged in research and development, 98 of whom hold a Ph.D. or M.D. (or equivalent) degree, and 88 were engaged in general and administrative or commercial activities. None of our employees are represented by a labor union. We have not experienced any work stoppages and we consider our relations with our employees to be good.

As competition for qualified personnel in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical field is intense, attracting and retaining qualified employees at all levels is critical to our business. We continuously strive to ensure that employee morale remains strong, and conduct employee engagement surveys to identify areas of focus and monitor employee turnover rates. For the last several years, our company turnover rate has been lower than the industry market average.

We have established comprehensive and competitive compensation and benefits programs to attract and retain highly qualified personnel and to incentivize and reward strong performance. In addition to providing our employees with competitive salaries, we believe that employees should share in the potential financial gains resulting from the advancement of our programs by way of annual bonuses to permanent employees based on the achievement of corporate and/or personal objectives. To align the interests of our employees with those of our shareholders, we award stock options to all permanent employees, both upon initial hiring and annually thereafter. Our leave programs include paid vacation, personal, sick, disability and other paid and unpaid leaves. Our health and wellness programs include medical, dental, vision care, retirement savings, employee assistance programs, flexible work schedules and other benefits.

As a biopharmaceutical company with highly educated employees, we believe that our employees must stay current with advances in our industry and continue to grow in their careers. We support our employees' further development through a variety of internal training and external professional development opportunities, including conference attendance and tuition reimbursement.

25

We recruit the best-qualified employees regardless of sex, gender, ethnicity, race, religion, or other protected traits, and it is our policy to comply with all applicable laws related to discrimination in the workplace. We are committed to diversity, equity, inclusion and accessibility at all levels of our company.

Manufacturing

We currently rely, and expect to continue to rely, on third-party contract manufacturers, or CMOs, to manufacture (or produce sufficient quantities of materials required for the manufacture of) our product candidates for pre-clinical testing and clinical trials, and we intend to do so for the commercial manufacture of our products. Similarly, we may rely on collaborators to manufacture, either directly or through CMOs, product candidates licensed to them. Accordingly, we have not internally developed any manufacturing facilities or hired related personnel.

To date, we have obtained materials for our product candidates from multiple third-party manufacturers and suppliers. We believe that all of the materials required for the manufacture of our product candidates can be obtained from more than one source. However, the manufacturing processes for each of our product candidates vary and sourcing adequate supplies may be made more difficult depending on the type of product candidate involved. Our product candidates generally can be manufactured in reliable and reproducible synthetic processes from readily available starting materials, excipients and packaging components.

Corporate Information

We were incorporated in the Province of British Columbia on November 5, 1996 under the predecessor to the Business Corporations Act (British Columbia) under the name “Xenon Bioresearch Inc.” We continued from British Columbia to the federal jurisdiction pursuant to Section 187 of the Canada Business Corporations Act, or the CBCA, on May 17, 2000 and concurrently changed our name to “Xenon Genetics Inc.” We registered as an extra-provincial company in British Columbia on July 10, 2000 and changed our name to “Xenon Pharmaceuticals Inc.” on August 24, 2004. We had one wholly-owned subsidiary as of December 31, 2024, Xenon Pharmaceuticals USA Inc., which was incorporated in Delaware on December 2, 2016. Our principal executive offices are located at 3650 Gilmore Way, Burnaby, British Columbia, Canada V5G 4W8, and our telephone number is (604) 484-3300. We are a reporting issuer in British Columbia, Alberta and Ontario, but our shares are not listed on any recognized Canadian stock exchange. Our common shares trade on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol “XENE.”

Where You Can Find Additional Information

We make available free of charge through our investor relations website, http://investor.xenon-pharma.com, our annual reports, quarterly reports, current reports, proxy statements and all amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed or furnished with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC. These reports may also be obtained without charge by contacting Investor Relations, Xenon Pharmaceuticals Inc., 3650 Gilmore Way, Burnaby, British Columbia, Canada V5G 4W8, e-mail: investors@xenon-pharma.com. Our website and the information contained therein or incorporated therein are not intended to be incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding reports that we file or furnish electronically with them at www.sec.gov. Additional information related to Xenon is also available on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca.

26