ITEM 1.    BUSINESS  

Overview  

        FirstService is a North American leader in the rapidly growing service sector, providing services to commercial, residential and institutional customers in the
following areas: Residential Property Management, Integrated Security Services, Consumer Services and Business Services. Each service line provides essential or near-essential services,
generates a high percentage of recurring revenues, has strong cash flows, generates 

3

high
returns on invested capital and can be leveraged through margin enhancement, cross-selling or consolidation. 

        From
the time of going public in 1993, we have posted a track record of consistent growth in revenues and profitability by leveraging off the expertise developed since the predecessor to
the Company was founded by Jay S. Hennick, Chairman and CEO, in 1972. For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2003 ("Fiscal 2003"), revenues and operating earnings were $542.7 million and
$39.7 million, respectively. Approximately 70% of our revenues are generated in the United States, with the balance in Canada. The Company is listed on both the NASDAQ National Market
(symbol: FSRV) and The Toronto Stock Exchange (symbol: FSV). Our Internet address is www.firstservice.com. We make available, free of charge on our web site, our annual, quarterly and current reports
filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K. Such reports are available as soon as is reasonably
practicable after filing with the SEC. 

        Our
operations are conducted through four operating segments: 

* Includes both franchised and Company-owned services. 

Years ended March 31

Revenues by operating segment

(In thousands of U.S. Dollars)

2003

2002

2001

2000

1999

Residential Property Management

$

214,965

$

205,376

$

181,730

$

133,782

$

90,649

Integrated Security Services

107,548

95,507

81,007

61,539

52,827

Consumer Services

93,417

83,964

78,838

71,330

61,618

Business Services

126,373

127,478

82,346

73,198

58,162

Corporate

389

364

253

186

105

Total

$

542,692

$

512,689

$

424,174

$

340,035

$

263,361

        Note 20
to the consolidated financial statements included herein under Part II contains further details regarding the operating earnings, total assets and
long-lived assets of our operating segments. 

Description of business  

Residential Property Management  

        FirstService is the largest manager of private residential communities in North America. Private residential communities include condominiums, cooperatives, gated
communities and a variety of other residential developments governed by multiple unit residential community associations (collectively referred to as "community associations"). In total, we manage
more than 400,000 residential units in 2,000 community associations in the States of Florida, New York, New Jersey, Arizona, Virginia, Pennsylvania, Delaware, Maryland and the District
of Columbia. 

        In
Florida, we operate under the Continental Group, Prime Management Group, Dickinson Management and Sterling Management brands. In the mid-Atlantic region, we operate under
the Wentworth Group, Armstrong Management, Cooper Square Realty, Arco Wentworth Management and Equity Management brands. Our Arizona operations are conducted through Rossmar & Graham Community
Association Management. 

4

        In
addition, through our subsidiary American Pool Enterprises, Inc. ("American Pool"), we are the largest manager of commercial swimming pools and recreation facilities in North
America. American Pool currently serves approximately 1,200 commercial swimming pools and recreation facilities and 5,000 residential swimming pools in ten states and in Canada, providing recreational
facility management, staffing, maintenance and restoration services. The operations of American Pool, outside of the Florida and Arizona markets, are seasonal in nature with the majority of revenues
being earned in the first and second fiscal quarters. 

        In
the residential property management industry, there are two types of professional property management companies: (i) traditional property managers, and
(ii) full-service property managers. Traditional property managers primarily handle administrative property management functions such as collecting maintenance fees, sourcing and
paying suppliers, preparing financial statements and contracting out support services. Full-service property managers provide the same services as traditional property managers but also
provide a variety of other services under one exclusive contract. FirstService is a full-service property manager and in many markets provides a full range of services including grounds
maintenance, landscaping, painting, restoration, pest control, irrigation, real estate sales and leasing, heating, air conditioning, plumbing and swimming pool management and maintenance. 

        The
aggregate budget of the community associations managed by FirstService is approximately $800 million. The aggregate budget of all the community associations in the
United States is estimated to be $35 billion. Currently, FirstService accesses approximately 20% of the aggregate budget of its communities through the various services that it offers.
Our strategy is to continue to add communities under management while striving to earn a greater percentage of the aggregate budget by introducing additional services and products. 

Integrated Security Services  

        FirstService is one of North America's largest providers of integrated security services, primarily to the commercial market, with operations in ten
branches—six in the United States and four in Canada. We operate two security brands, Intercon (primarily in Canada) and Security Services and Technologies ("SST") in the
United States. 

        We
design, install, repair and maintain integrated electronic security systems including identification badging, access control and closed-circuit television for office buildings,
commercial and industrial facilities, institutional campuses and multi-unit residential properties. Our customers include 
Fortune 1000

corporations, property management companies, hospitals and universities and all levels of government. Revenues are derived from installation projects, ongoing service, branch and head office upgrades,
central station monitoring and maintenance-related work. 

        In
executing our growth strategy to date, we have focused on the development of long-term customer relationships, providing complete enterprise-wide electronic
security solutions for all of our customers' facilities and operations. Going forward, this growth strategy will be augmented by acquisitions in key U.S. markets enabling us to add strong
regional operators that are leaders in their markets, establish national service capabilities and leverage our existing national account relationships and supplier base. 

        In
Canada, we supplement our integrated electronic security service offerings with a premium security officer service, providing highly trained manpower on-site, via mobile
patrol and in response to central station calls. This full-service approach of providing both security systems expertise and security officer services has been a key success factor in
delivering growth in the Canadian market, where commercial security clients often express a desire for comprehensive security services. 

Consumer Services  

        In Consumer Services, we provide a variety of residential and commercial services through our network of approximately 1,400 franchised and 23
Company-owned locations across North America and internationally. The principal brands in the Consumer Services unit include California Closets, Paul Davis Restoration, Certa ProPainters, College Pro
Painters, ChemLawn Canada, Green Lawn Care and 

5

Nutri-Lawn.
Franchised brands are operated by The Franchise Company, Inc. ("TFC") and Company-owned lawn care brands are operated by Greenspace Services, Inc. ("Greenspace"). 

        California
Closets is the largest provider of installed closet and home storage systems in North America. Headquartered in San Rafael, California, California Closets has
95 franchise territories in the United States and Canada as well as master franchises in other countries around the world. California Closets receives royalties from franchisees based on
a percentage of the franchisees' revenues. 

        Paul
Davis Restoration is a Florida-based franchiser of residential and commercial restoration services serving the insurance restoration industry in the United States through
215 franchises. This company provides restoration services for property damaged by natural or man-made disasters. Paul Davis Restoration receives royalties from franchisees based on
a percentage of the franchisees' revenues. 

        Certa
ProPainters is a residential and commercial painting franchise system with approximately 170 franchises operating in major markets across the United States and Canada
as well as master franchises in other countries around the world. Certa ProPainters focuses on high-end residential and commercial painting and decorating work and other programs for
property managers who have portfolios of condominium and commercial properties. Franchisees pay Certa ProPainters either a royalty based on a percentage of revenues or a fixed monthly fee, plus
administrative fees for various ancillary services. 

        College
Pro Painters is a seasonal exterior residential painting franchise system operating in 25 states and across Canada with approximately 675 franchises. It recruits students
and trains them to operate the business, including price estimating, marketing, operating procedures, hiring, customer service and safety. College Pro Painters receives a royalty from each franchisee
based on a percentage of revenue. College Pro Painters' operations are seasonal with significant revenue and earnings in the Company's first and second quarters followed by losses in the third and
fourth quarters. 

        In
addition to the franchise systems described above, the Company operates Stained Glass Overlay, an Orange, California based franchiser of decorative glass treatments and Action Window
Cleaners, an Ontario-based seasonal franchise system for students that offers residential window cleaning. 

        Franchise
agreements are generally for a term of ten years, with the exception of Paul Davis Restoration where agreements are for five years and College Pro Painters and Action Window
Cleaners, where the agreements are for a term of one year. All franchise agreements contain renewal provisions that can be invoked at little cost. 

        We
currently own and operate four California Closets franchises located in Boston (acquired during fiscal 2001), Seattle (acquired in July 2001), Chicago and Jacksonville (both
acquired in October 2002). These operations are referred to as "branchises". The purpose of branchising is to reacquire well-established and profitable franchises located in large
territories to accelerate growth in these territories in partnership with operating management. TFC intends to make several more branchising acquisitions as opportunities arise. 

        We
provide Company-owned residential and commercial lawn care and landscape services in Canada under the Greenspace Services, Green Lawn Care, The Natural Alternative, Sears Lawn Care
and ChemLawn brands from 18 branches, and franchised lawn care services under the Nutri-Lawn brand through 38 franchises. Services to residential customers include fertilization,
weed and pest control for lawns, trees and shrubs as well as lawn aeration. We serve 146,000 residential lawn care customers through our Company-owned network of branches in Ontario, Quebec and
Alberta and we estimate we have a 40% market share among households who purchase lawn care services, excluding mowing, in those provinces. Services to commercial customers include all of the services
provided to residential customers plus mowing, landscaping, irrigation and other services comprising comprehensive grounds maintenance. Our lawn care operations are seasonal in nature, with the
majority of revenues and operating earnings earned during the summer months, offset by operating losses during the winter months. 

6

Business Services  

        We provide customer support and fulfillment as well as business process outsourcing services to 
Fortune 1000

companies through 24 branches in the United States and Canada. The principal Business Services operating subsidiaries are DDS Distribution Services, Ltd. ("DDS"), Watts
Communications, Inc. ("WCI") and BDP Business Data Services, Ltd. ("BDP"). 

        Customer
support and fulfillment services, offered by DDS and WCI, include customer relationship management ("CRM"), order processing, inventory management, warehousing, order assembly
and shipping, coupon processing, rebating and client profiling. We work with our clients to create fully integrated customer support and fulfillment solutions, which can include ongoing technical
service or product support, order processing (including customized e-commerce solutions), inventory management and fulfillment. Significant customer support and fulfillment clients include
Best Buy, Readers Digest, Rogers, DaimlerChrysler, Pepsico, and TD Waterhouse. CRM services are provided by WCI through four inbound customer contact centers located in eastern Canada with a total of
850 workstations. 

        Fulfillment
services are provided from 14 branches in the United States and Canada, including facilities in Cleveland, Toronto, Dallas, Philadelphia, Chicago, St. Louis, Los
Angeles, Atlanta and Albuquerque. In aggregate, the Company occupies 2.1 million square feet of dedicated fulfillment capacity, utilizing bar coding and on-line inventory control
systems. 

        BDP
is our business process outsourcing unit. BDP's objective is to be recognized as the best strategic partner to businesses and governments in Canada for the outsourcing of
labor-intensive, back-office functions. BDP provides administrative functions that typically are not strategic to an organization and can be more efficiently and
cost-effectively performed by third parties that specialize in such activities. BDP has developed expertise in performing services that require significant labor in coordination with
technology, such as the management of loan portfolios, credit card and affinity programs and the processing of drug and dental claims. BDP is the second largest student loan processor in Canada. BDP
provides its services from four branches in Canada. Typical contracts vary in length from one to five years. Significant customers include the Government of Canada, Bank of Nova Scotia, Manulife
Financial and Sun Life. 

        A
key objective of Business Services is to establish long-term relationships with clients and leverage such relationships through the provision of additional services. DDS,
WCI and BDP have similar customer bases and the Company believes there are significant cross-selling opportunities among these businesses. 

Industry position, competition and customers  

        The following information is based solely on estimates made by our management and cannot be verified. In considering our industry and competitive position, it
should be recognized that we compete with many other companies in the sale of our services, franchises and products and that some of these competitors are larger and may have greater financial and
marketing strength than FirstService. 

Residential Property Management  

        Based on recent industry data, we estimate that: (i) more than 47 million Americans, representing approximately 18 million households, live
in condominiums, cooperatives, planned communities and other residential developments governed by multiple unit residential community associations; (ii) more than 50% of new homes currently
being built in and around major metropolitan areas in the United States are within these categories; (iii) there are approximately 230,000 community associations in the
United States; and (iv) the total annual operating expenses for these community associations are estimated to be $35 billion. The market is growing at a rate of 3-4%
per year as a result of the 8,000-11,000 new community associations formed each year. In addition, the growing trend from self-management to professional management, currently
almost 50% of the market, is believed to at least double the effective growth rate for professional property management companies. 

        Typically,
owners of private residential units are required to pay quarterly or monthly fees to cover the expenses of managing the condominium or homeowner association's business
activities and maintaining community properties. Historically, decision making for communities was delegated to volunteer boards of 

7

directors
elected by the owners. Increasingly, these volunteer boards have outsourced the responsibility to manage the day-to-day operation and maintenance of community
property to professional property management companies. 

        The
residential property management industry is extremely fragmented and dominated by numerous local and regional management companies. Only a small number of such companies, however,
have the expertise and capital to provide both traditional property management services as well as the other support services provided by full-service property managers. FirstService is
the largest full-service manager of private residential communities in the United States, managing approximately 2% of the nation's approximately 16 million units in
community associations. We enjoy a competitive advantage because of our size, depth of financial and management resources, and operating expertise. 

        Our
business is subject to regulation by the states in which we operate. In most states, laws require that property managers must be licensed, which involves certain examinations and
continuing education. In addition, our real estate sales and leasing operations are subject to regulation as a real estate brokerage by the various states in which they operate. 

Integrated Security Services  

        U.S. security systems integration is a $3 billion industry growing at an annual rate of approximately 10%. Factors driving growth include: 

•
The trend toward consolidation of security functions and reducing costs:
  Corporate and institutional security
embodies a variety of independent functions (access control, physical security, employee/user security, surveillance, etc.) operating concurrently. Integrating these functions into one system is
simpler, more efficient and requires fewer people and resources to operate. An integrated system may also replace a number of different legacy systems that were required to be managed independently,
improving functionality and reducing operating and maintenance costs.

•
Continued development of network and information technology:
  Security systems are highly reliant on modern
computer and electronic technology and have benefited from advancements in these technologies, becoming increasingly more powerful, flexible and functional. Security systems and information for
multiple sites can be integrated and controlled from a centralized location and administered remotely
using advanced network and communication technology, including LANs, WANs and Web-based networking.

•
Increased public awareness of security issues:
  Recent examples of escalating violence have made security a
priority in the workplace, schools and other public facilities. 

        The
industry is highly fragmented but undergoing consolidation. The market is comprised of many small and medium-sized, and a few very large competitors. Of the top 100 systems
integrators compiled by 
SDM Magazine
 for 2002, only the largest five had revenues over $100 million and the smallest 60 had revenues from ranging
from $1 million to $10 million. FirstService is one of the largest integrated security services providers in North America. 

        Larger
competitors are driving consolidation in response to customer demands for comprehensive solution providers with national service capabilities. Customers are moving away from
developing and sourcing each of their security systems separately from several different suppliers. System integrators must be able to evaluate customer needs, design an integrated suite of systems
and products that is simple and effective, and provide quality installation and service in multiple geographic locations. Critical mass and geographic reach have become increasingly important success
factors in this industry. 

        Our
strategy is to combine strong regional operators into a national network, focusing on long-term relationships with customers that have complex security needs. We
differentiate ourselves through superior customer service and by designing and integrating open architecture systems (versus proprietary or closed systems). 

8

Consumer Services  

        The consumer services industry is highly fragmented, consisting principally of a large number of smaller, single-service or single-concept companies. Due to the
large size of the overall market for these services, dominant market share is not considered necessary for becoming a major player in the industry. However, because of the low barriers to entry in
this segment, we believe that brand name recognition among consumers is a critical factor in achieving long-term success in the businesses we operate. 

        We
believe that the largest franchise companies in North America have been successful because of their ability to realize economies of scale through the centralization and successful
application of certain administrative functions such as finance, marketing, purchasing, training and support staffing. 

        Franchise
businesses are subject to U.S. Federal Trade Commission regulations and state and provincial laws that regulate the offering and sale of franchises. Presently, the
Company is authorized to sell franchises in 40 states, in all Canadian provinces and in several other countries around the world. In all jurisdictions, we endeavor to have our franchisees meet or
exceed regulatory standards. 

        The
professional lawn care industry is estimated to be an $8 billion market (including mowing) in North America, and despite some consolidation, is still highly fragmented. Local
and regional competitors, as well as do-it-yourself homeowners, provide strong competition in the Canadian lawn care industry. 

        Federal
and provincial environmental laws are applicable in all jurisdictions in which Greenspace operates. These regulations dictate which products and methods may be used and require
employees to be properly trained and licensed in the use of pesticides and herbicides. These laws, together with municipal bylaws, may limit or restrict the use of certain lawn care practices and if
such laws change, our business may be adversely affected. 

Business Services  

        The business services industry is diverse and comprised of distinct sectors, including the areas in which FirstService participates: (i) customer support
and fulfillment and (ii) business process outsourcing. Competitors range from large, sophisticated companies to smaller niche providers, with many possessing adequate size and technical
capabilities. Given the large size of the market, significant growth can be achieved without significant market share. 

        Corporations
are increasingly concerned with focusing scarce resources on core operations that provide the greatest competitive advantage and best return on investment. As a result,
non-core functions are being outsourced to companies that can perform them better, cheaper and faster. 

        Customer support and fulfillment:
    The outsourced portion of the $200 billion CRM industry is estimated to be
$25 billion and is currently growing at a rate of about 10% per year. Outsourced fulfillment services are a $3.5 billion industry growing at a rate of 10% annually. 

        The
emergence of new technologies in conjunction with recent equity market and venture capital liquidity has stimulated competition in this segment, although many new entrants appear to
lack significant industry experience. There are many competitors of all sizes, including a number of public CRM companies. We are among a handful of successful competitors, none of which dominates
this large, diverse market segment. 

        Technology
investment is the single largest factor driving change in the customer support sector with sophisticated CRM software platforms, high-speed redundant networking,
and Web-enabled customer care systems quickly becoming the standard. Outsourced fulfillment is
evolving due to the adoption of technologies such as Web-based ordering, real-time inventory, and bar code and radio frequency warehouse systems that are forcing competitors to
become larger and more sophisticated to compete. 

        Business process outsourcing:
    It is estimated that the outsourced "back office" processing segment was approximately
$23 billion in 2000, with an expected five-year compound annual growth rate of about 13%. This segment is occupied by some of the largest business services companies in the world,
leveraging their size to realize economies of scale on very large outsourcing contracts. BDP tends to focus on certain niches, 

9

such
as loan processing and credit and loyalty card administration, where it can capitalize on its specialized expertise. We compete on the basis of providing competitively priced value-added
services, supported by strong operating efficiencies. 

Business strategy  

Operating strategy  

        Our objective is to increase the revenues, profitability and market position of each operating unit and subsequently acquired business, while maintaining the
highest level of service to our customers. Key elements of our operating strategy are: 

        Senior management commitment:
    We strongly believe that management ownership at each of our primary operating units has
contributed significantly to our ability to grow our businesses. As a result, we expect to continue our practice of encouraging strong operators of newly acquired platform businesses to retain or
acquire a significant equity stake in the businesses they operate, generally in the form of a non-transferable direct equity ownership position. In all cases, we retain the right to
purchase the minority interest at a pre-determined formula price based on a multiple of trailing twelve month EBITDA
(1)
. These minority interests average approximately 15%.
Management believes that its strategy of aligning the interests of operating management with those of the Company provides a powerful incentive to deliver superior financial performance. 

        Performance-based compensation:
    We use performance-based compensation programs throughout each of our businesses to attract,
retain and motivate our employees. In general, senior managers receive bonuses that are based on a percentage of the amount by which their results exceed budgeted or prior year EBITDA. Lower level
managers' incentives are also linked to EBITDA targets, but may include other measures deemed important for growing their business. We believe these programs are effective incentives to operating
management and employees to deliver consistent, high-quality service in a cost-effective manner. 

        Operating efficiencies:
    We have been able to obtain significant operating efficiencies through the implementation of a
variety of "best practices" and have achieved meaningful cost savings through certain economies of scale. We attempt to identify and refine our best practices across all of our businesses in order to
benefit from the most innovative and effective management techniques. The implementation of best practices has resulted in improved labor management, customer service and service delivery routing. We
also achieve significant savings through the volume purchasing of vehicles, insurance, group benefits, advertising and professional and financial services. 

        Marketing penetration and joint marketing:
    We capitalize on the complementary nature of our businesses by introducing new or
additional services to customers with which we already have long-term contractual relationships. The complementary nature of our property services businesses also provides certain
advantages when introducing a new service in a market where we have existing operations. These advantages include significant market knowledge, demographic information and the ability to share the
established overhead of existing operations. Because we provide a number of property services, we are able to effectively utilize consolidated customer lists, in-house telemarketing
capabilities and other marketing data that is accumulated to conduct cost-efficient customer referral, couponing and other direct mail programs across our businesses. 

(1)
EBITDA
is defined as net earnings before extraordinary items, minority interest share of earnings, income taxes, interest, depreciation and amortization. EBITDA excludes income taxes
and interest, both of which are charges that require cash settlement. EBITDA is not a recognized measure for financial statement presentation under United States generally accepted accounting
principles ("U.S. GAAP"). The most directly comparable U.S. GAAP measure is operating earnings. Operating earnings takes into account depreciation and amortization expenses, while EBITDA does
not. Management utilizes EBITDA as a measure to assess the performance of its operations, to evaluate acquisition candidates and establish pricing, for performance-based compensation purposes, and
within its debt covenants with its lenders. The Company believes EBITDA is a reasonable measure of operating performance because of the low capital intensity of its service operations. The Company
believes EBITDA is a financial metric used by many investors to compare companies, especially in the services industry, on the basis of operating results and the ability to incur and service debt. 

10

Acquisition strategy  

        Our acquisition strategy has been developed to complement the internal growth strategies of our existing service lines and as a component of our overall growth
strategy of building a significant, diversified service business that generates recurring and predictable cash flows and earnings. The acquisition strategy entails the
systematic acquisition of established, well managed, and profitable service companies operating in fragmented industries that will: 

•
Enhance
the market position of an existing service line, provide an entry into a new geographic region/market, or introduce a new service line; and

•
Provide
a return on invested capital that exceeds our weighted average cost of capital. 

        Acquisitions
are classified as "tuck-under" or "platform". The vast majority of acquisitions that we target and complete are tuck-under acquisitions. These
acquisitions are generally smaller transactions completed within an existing service line that strengthen its regional presence or competitive position through increased market share or the addition
of a complementary service line. Platform acquisitions are larger transactions that either establish an existing service line in a new geographic region or provide a vehicle for FirstService to add a
new service offering that can be leveraged through cross-selling of services, sharing of best practices or other synergies or through further consolidation. Each acquisition must meet strict criteria
that include the following: 

•
Strong,
experienced management teams in place that are interested in growing their businesses and in being rewarded through performance-based compensation;

•
History
of consistent profitability, supported by significant contractual revenues;

•
Non-capital
intensive operations with a variable cost structure;

•
Leading
positions in the markets served; and,

•
In
the case of platform acquisitions, one or more senior managers who wish to retain a significant minority interest in the acquired company in order to participate directly
in its future growth and development as part of FirstService. 

        In
general, platform companies continue to operate on a stand-alone basis in accordance with our operating strategy, while drawing on the resources of FirstService to facilitate future
growth. Most tuck-under acquisitions are fully integrated into the operations of the service line making the acquisition. 

        We
have historically paid approximately four times normalized and sustainable EBITDA ("Valuation EBITDA") for our acquisitions. Usually, consideration is paid with a combination of cash
at closing and contingent note consideration. Contingent consideration is typically issuable over a three-year contingency period, subject to achievement of the Valuation EBITDA on an
averaged basis over the three-year period subsequent to closing. In the event that the actual average EBITDA is less than the Valuation EBITDA, the purchase price and contingent
consideration are reduced by a multiple of the deficiency in EBITDA. 

        In
executing acquisitions, our acquisition team works closely with operating management of our service lines to identify, negotiate and complete acquisitions. A majority of acquisitions
are negotiated on an exclusive basis, without the imposition of an intermediary-controlled auction process, thereby facilitating a focused effort by FirstService to build a relationship with its
prospective partner and emphasize the appropriate balance of financial and non-financial, as well as long-term and short-term attributes of the acquisition to the
vendor. Notwithstanding the varied acquisition opportunities available to FirstService, management remains committed to a disciplined approach to acquisitions, including a rigorous adherence to our
strict acquisition criteria and transaction structure. As well, we only allocate our financial and human resources to existing service lines for acquisitions if the management team has the capacity to
integrate the acquisition and the performance of current operations is meeting or exceeding expectations. 

        The
integration process is a critical component of all acquisitions executed by FirstService. This process is initiated during due diligence, when opportunities for integration,
operational improvements and the sharing of best practices are identified and an integration plan is drafted. Post-closing, the integration plan is 

11

reviewed
with management of the acquired company to ensure that it accurately captures and prioritizes the issues to be addressed. Once a buy-in has been obtained, the integration plan is
finalized and a timetable established for the execution of the plan by the management of the acquired company. This is a collaborative process with a high degree of involvement from our integration
team in overseeing the implementation and in monitoring progress against the timetable. 

Recurring revenue  

        A common theme and key focus across FirstService is recurring, contractual revenues. This is driven by the near-essential nature of the services
provided by each operating segment. 

        Approximately
75% of our revenues are contractual in nature. Residential Property Management contracts are generally for terms of one to three years and Integrated Security Services
contracts are generally one year in duration with evergreen renewal clauses. Contracts with franchisees in Consumer Services are primarily for five to ten year periods. In Business Services, contracts
have terms of one to five years, with some larger contracts having longer terms. Furthermore, we have historically experienced contract renewal rates of approximately 90%. 

Current year developments  

        We completed three tuck-under acquisitions in our Consumer Services unit during the year. In April 2002, Nature Plus, Inc. a Montreal
lawn care provider with 5,000 residential customers was acquired for total consideration of $0.3 million. In October 2002, the California Closets franchises in Chicago and Jacksonville
were acquired for aggregate consideration of $1.9 million. 

        Two
Residential Property Management acquisitions were completed. The first was WE Landscape Group LLC, a Phoenix commercial landscaping operation acquired in December 2002.
In February 2003, the Company bought a controlling interest in Cooper Square Realty, Inc., a condominium management and real estate services provider operating in Manhattan,
New York. Total consideration on these two transactions was $3.6 million. 

        In
Business Services, DDS acquired selected assets of two businesses—Metro Fulfillment, a Los Angeles fulfillment provider and ShipXact.com, Inc. a fulfillment
provider located in Atlanta. In both cases, the acquired assets included client contracts and equipment, net of the assumption of leases. Aggregate consideration paid on these transactions was
$0.8 million. 

        During
the year, we purchased minority shareholdings from 16 shareholders, 12 of whom were shareholders of Herbert A. Watts Ltd. ("Watts"). The Company also acquired
shares from two shareholders of American Pool Enterprises, Inc., one shareholder of The Wentworth Group, Inc. and one shareholder of SST. 

Financial information about foreign and domestic operations  

        Notes 14 and 20 to the consolidated financial statements, included herein under Part II, contain information regarding revenues, earnings
before income taxes and minority interest, and total long-lived assets by geographic region. 

Minority shareholders of subsidiaries  

        We own a majority interest (on average, 85% of the equity) in all of our subsidiaries, while the operating management of each non-wholly owned
subsidiary owns the remaining shares. This structure was designed to maintain control by FirstService while providing significant incentives to management at the operating companies. In all cases, we
have the right to repurchase management's shares at a predetermined formula price, usually payable at our option with any combination of Subordinate Voting Shares or cash. We may also be obligated to
acquire certain of these minority interests in the event of the death, disability or cessation of employment of minority shareholders or if minority shareholders exercise their right to require us to
repurchase their shares. These arrangements provide significant flexibility to us in connection with management succession planning and shareholder liquidity matters. 

12

Major customers  

        FirstService has no single customer that accounts for more than 2% of its total revenues. No part of our business is dependent on a single customer or a few
customers, the loss of which would have a material adverse effect on the Company as a whole. 

Employees  

        We have approximately 11,000 full-time non-unionized employees, rising to a total of 14,000 with seasonal employees in the spring and
summer months. 

Trademarks  

        FirstService's trademarks are important for the advertising and brand awareness of all of our businesses and franchises. We take precautions to defend the value
of our trademarks by maintaining legal registrations and by litigating against alleged infringements, if necessary. 

        In
our Consumer Services unit, two franchise systems—California Closets and Paul Davis Restoration—have trademarks to which value has been ascribed in the
consolidated financial statements. These two franchise systems have franchises in every significant population center in the United States. The value of these trademarks is derived from the
recognition they enjoy among the target audiences for closet system installations and disaster restoration services. These trademarks have been in existence for many years, and their prominence among
consumers has grown over time through the addition of franchisees and the ongoing marketing programs conducted by both franchisees and the Company.