ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS.
•
Cybersecurity education and training:
 We provide regular and mandatory cybersecurity education and training to our employees, contractors, and other authorized users of our information systems and networks, to raise their awareness and understanding of cyber risks and their responsibilities for protecting our information systems and data. We also conduct periodic phishing and social engineering campaigns to test and reinforce the cybersecurity behavior and culture of our users. We also ensure our suppliers and other business partners, meet our cybersecurity expectations and requirements.
We are committed to maintaining and improving our cybersecurity risk management program as our business and the cybersecurity threat environment evolves. 
Because no cybersecurity program can ensure an incident will not occur, we have established business continuity, contingency and recovery plans to be used if we experience a cybersecurity incident, and obtained cyber insurance coverage to mitigate the potential losses and liabilities arising from cyber incidents.
Cybersecurity Incidents
On November 24, 2021, we announced that we were the target of a ransomware attack. The attack had no significant impact on our business and did not cause any long-term disruption to our operations.
 After verifying redundant off-site data backups had not been compromised by the ransomware attack, the backups were utilized to restore the data encrypted by the criminal groups. While the Company has not been the subject of any legal proceedings involving the attack, the likelihood that the Company could be the subject of claims from persons alleging they suffered damages from the incident or actions by governmental authorities is possible, but the amount of such fines, penalties or costs, if any, cannot be estimated at this time. In response to the 2021 ransomware attack, we accelerated previously planned information technology investments in ways designed to improve our information security and technology infrastructure. We have incurred costs since 2021 and expect to continue to incur costs as we continue to invest in our information security and technology infrastructure.
Despite our security measures, our information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to cybersecurity incidents in the future, and our insurance may be inadequate to mitigate the potential losses and liabilities arising from such an incident. For additional information regarding cybersecurity risks we face, see