Item 1. Business 
for further information. 
We rely on and will continue to rely on outsourcing arrangements for certain of our critical activities, including clinical research of our product candidates, manufacture of our compounds and product candidates, and the manufacture of our commercial products. If we fail to produce our products and product candidates in the volumes that we require on a timely basis or fail to comply with stringent regulations applicable to pharmaceutical drug manufacturers, we may face delays in the development and commercialization of our products and product candidates or be required to withdraw our products from the market.
We rely on outsourcing arrangements for some of our critical activities, including manufacturing, preclinical and clinical research, data collection and analysis, and electronic submission of regulatory filings. We may have limited control over third parties, and we cannot guarantee that they will perform their obligations in an effective, competent, and timely manner. Our reliance on third parties, including third-party Clinical Research Organizations (CROs) and CMOs, entails risks including, but not limited to:
•
Non-compliance by third parties with regulatory and quality control standards;
•
Sanctions imposed by regulatory authorities if materials supplied or manufactured by a third party supplier or manufacturer fail to comply with applicable regulatory standards;
•
Possible breach of the agreements by the CROs or CMOs because of factors beyond our control, insolvency or other financial difficulties of any of these third parties; labor unrest; natural disasters; or other factors adversely affecting their ability to conduct their business; and
•
Termination or non-renewal of an agreement by a third party at a time that is inconvenient for us and for reasons not entirely under our control.
We do not currently own or operate manufacturing facilities for the commercial production of any of our products or for production of clinical supplies of our product candidates, nor do we have plans to do so in the future. We currently depend on third-party clinical manufacturing organizations (CMOs), who offer a comprehensive range of contract manufacturing and packaging services, in various countries for the supply of API for our products and product candidates, including raw materials and drug substances for our preclinical research and clinical trials. For most of our products and product candidates, we rely on single source suppliers to produce and package final dosage forms for our products and raw materials, including API. If any of these vendors are unable to perform their obligations to us, including due to violations of the FDA's requirements, our ability to meet regulatory requirements, projected timelines, and necessary quality standards for the development or commercialization of products would be adversely affected. Further, if we were required to change suppliers, it could result in substantial delays in our regulatory approval efforts, significantly increase our costs, and delay generation of revenues. Accordingly, the loss of any of our current or future third-party manufacturers or suppliers could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and business prospects.
There is a risk that supplies of our products or product candidates may be significantly delayed by or may become unavailable as a result of manufacturing, equipment, process, supply chain or business-related issues or geopolitical events affecting our suppliers. At this time while we do not know of any geopolitical events impacting our supply chain, we cannot determine the impact of current or future geopolitical events which may ultimately have an impact on our supply chains or may create other unforeseen consequences affecting us or our suppliers. Any future curtailment in the availability of raw materials or finished goods could result in production or other delays, resulting adverse business effects. In addition, because regulatory authorities must generally approve raw material sources for pharmaceutical products, changes in raw material suppliers may result in production delays or higher raw material costs. We may also encounter similar risks with the other products and product candidates where raw materials or finished goods are purchased from suppliers outside the U.S., as is the case for example for ONAPGO (formerly known as SPN-830), Qelbree, APOKYN, XADAGO, and MYOBLOC where various suppliers are based in Europe.
The manufacture of pharmaceutical products requires significant expertise and capital investment, including the development of advanced manufacturing techniques and process controls. Pharmaceutical companies and their suppliers often encounter difficulties in manufacturing, particularly in scaling up the production of their products. These problems can adversely affect production costs and yields, quality control, the stability of the product and quality assurance testing, as well as compliance with federal, state, and foreign regulations. If we are unable to demonstrate stability in accordance with commercial requirements, or if our manufacturers were to encounter difficulties or otherwise fail to comply with their obligations to us, our ability to obtain 
35
Table of Contents