Item 1. Business — Backlog” for a discussion on how we calculate backlog for our business.
Our insurance has limits and exclusions that may not fully indemnify us against certain claims or losses, including claims resulting from wildfires or other natural disasters and an increase in cost, or the unavailability or cancellation of third-party insurance coverages would increase our overall risk exposure and could disrupt our operations and reduce our profitability.
We maintain insurance coverages from third party insurers as part of our overall risk management strategy and most of our customer contracts require us to maintain specific insurance coverage limits. We maintain insurance policies with respect to automobile liability, general liability, employer’s liability, workers’ compensation, cybersecurity, our employee group health program, and other types of coverages, but these policies are subject to high deductibles, and we are self-insured up to the amount of those deductibles. Insurance losses are accrued based upon our estimates of the ultimate liability for claims reported and an estimate of claims incurred but not yet reported. Insurance liabilities are difficult to assess and estimate due to unknown factors, including the frequency and severity of injuries, the magnitude of damage to or loss of property or the environment, the determination of our liability in proportion to other parties, estimates of incidents not reported and the effectiveness of our safety programs, and as a result, our actual losses may exceed our estimates. There can be no assurance that our current or past insurance coverages will be sufficient or effective under all circumstances or against all claims and liabilities to which we may be subject.
We generally renew our insurance policies on an annual basis; therefore, deductibles and levels of insurance coverages may change in future periods. There can be no assurance that any of our existing insurance coverages will be renewed upon the expiration of the coverage period or that future coverage will be available at reasonable and competitive rates or at the required limits. The cost of our insurance has significantly increased over time and may continue to increase in the future. In addition, insurers may fail, cancel our coverage, increase the cost of coverage, determine to exclude certain items from coverage, or otherwise be unable to provide us with adequate insurance coverage. We may not be able to obtain certain types of insurance or incremental levels of insurance in scope or amount sufficient to cover liabilities we may incur. For example, due to the increase in wildfire losses and related insurance claims, insurers have reduced coverage availability and increased the cost of insurance coverage for such events in recent years, and our current levels of coverage may not be sufficient to cover potential losses. If our risk exposure increases as a result of adverse changes in our insurance coverages, we could be subject to increased liabilities that could negatively affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow.
In addition, we perform work in hazardous environments and our employees are exposed to a number of hazards. Incidents can occur, regardless of fault, that may be catastrophic and adversely impact our employees and third parties by causing serious personal injury, loss of life, damage to property or the environment, and interruption of operations. Furthermore, we perform a significant amount of services for customers that operate electrical power infrastructure assets in locations and climates that are more susceptible to wildfires or other natural disasters. In locations or environments where claims have become more frequent or severe in recent years, insurance may become difficult or impossible to obtain. Our contracts may require us to indemnify our customers, project owners and other parties for injury, damage or loss arising out of our presence at our customers’ location, or in the performance of our work, in both cases regardless of fault, and provide for warranties for materials and workmanship. We may also be required to name the customer and others as an additional insured under our insurance policies. We maintain limited insurance coverage against these and other risks associated with our business. This insurance may not protect us against liability for certain events, and we cannot guarantee that our insurance will be adequate in risk coverage or policy limits to cover all losses or liabilities that we may incur. Any future damages caused by our services that are not covered by insurance or are in excess of policy limits could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
16
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Risks associated with operating in the Canadian market could impact our profitability.
There are numerous inherent risks in conducting our business in a different country including, but not limited to, potential instability in markets, political, economic or social conditions, and difficult or additional legal and regulatory requirements applicable to our operations. Limits on our ability to repatriate earnings, exchange controls, and complex U.S. and Canadian laws and treaties including laws related to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (“FCPA”) and similar laws could also adversely impact our operations. Changes in the value of the Canadian dollar could increase or decrease the U.S. dollar value of our profits earned or assets held in Canada or potentially limit our ability to reinvest earnings from our operations in Canada to fund the financing requirements of our operations in the United States. These risks could restrict our ability to provide services to Canadian customers or to operate our Canadian business profitably, and could negatively impact our results. We also are exposed to currency risks relating to the translation of certain monetary transactions, assets and liabilities.
Changes in tax laws or our interpretations of tax laws could materially impact our tax liabilities.
We have operations in the United States and Canada and are subject to the jurisdiction of multiple federal and state taxing authorities. The income earned in these various jurisdictions is taxed on different bases which are subject to change by the taxing authorities. The final determination of our income tax liabilities involves the interpretation of local tax laws, tax treaties and related authorities in each jurisdiction, as well as the significant use of estimates and assumptions regarding the scope of future operations and results achieved and the timing and nature of income earned and expenditures incurred. Our interpretation of these tax laws has in the past and may in the future differ from the interpretation of taxing authorities. Changes in the operating environment, including changes in tax laws, as well as differences in the interpretation of tax laws, could materially impact our income tax liabilities.
In addition, we currently collect and remit sales and use, value added and other transaction taxes in certain jurisdictions, based on our assessment of the amount of taxes owed by us in such jurisdictions. A successful assertion that we are required to pay additional taxes, the imposition of new laws or regulations or the interpretation of existing laws and regulations requiring the payment of additional taxes could materially impact our tax liabilities.
The nature of our business exposes us to potential liability for warranty claims and faulty engineering, which may reduce our profitability.
Our customer contracts typically include a warranty for the services that we provide against certain defects in workmanship and material. Additionally, materials used in construction are often provided by the customer or are warranted against defects from the supplier. Certain projects have longer warranty periods and include facility performance warranties that may be broader than the warranties we generally provide. If warranty claims occurred, it could require us to re-perform the services or to repair or replace the warranted item, at a cost to us, and could also result in other damages if we are not able to adequately satisfy our warranty obligations. In addition, we may be required under contractual arrangements with our customers to warrant any defects or failures in materials we provide that we purchase from third parties. While we generally require suppliers to provide us warranties that are consistent with those we provide to our customers, if any of these suppliers default on their warranty obligations to us, we may incur costs to repair or replace the defective materials for which we are not reimbursed. Costs incurred because of warranty claims could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
Our business involves professional judgments regarding the planning, design, development, construction, operations and management of electric power transmission, distribution, commercial and industrial construction. Because our projects are often technically complex, our failure to make judgments and recommendations in accordance with applicable professional standards, including engineering standards, could result in damages. A significantly adverse or catastrophic event at one of our project sites or completed projects resulting from the services we have performed could result in significant warranty, professional liability, or other claims against us as well as reputational harm, especially if public safety is impacted. These liabilities could exceed our insurance limits or could impact our ability to obtain insurance in the future. In addition, customers, subcontractors or suppliers who have agreed to indemnify us against any such liabilities or losses might refuse or be unable to pay us. An uninsured or underinsured claim could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
17
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Pandemic outbreaks of disease, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, have in the past had and may in the future have an adverse impact on our business, employees, liquidity, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
Future pandemic outbreaks of disease may further disrupt supply chains and create significant additional volatility and disruption of financial markets, which may require us to make changes to our business and, implement new health and safety protocols. Any such future health outbreaks could result in higher operating costs and could adversely impact our business, including certain operational, reporting, accounting or other processes. In addition, an extended period of remote work arrangements could impair our ability to effectively manage our business, and introduce additional operational risks, including but not limited to cybersecurity risks and increased vulnerability to security breaches, cyber-attacks, computer viruses, ransomware, or other similar events and intrusions.
We are unable to predict the ultimate impact of any pandemic outbreak of disease, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Such effects may be material and the potential impacts include, but are not limited to:
• disruptions in our supply chain due to transportation delays, travel restrictions, raw material cost increases and shortages, and closures of businesses or facilities;
• reductions in our operating effectiveness due to workforce disruptions or the unavailability of key personnel necessary to conduct our business activities; and
• volatility in the financial markets, which could have a negative impact on our ability to access capital and additional sources of financing in the future.
Should a future health outbreak persist for a prolonged period, any of the above factors and others that are unknown, may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, we cannot predict the ultimate impact of any pandemic outbreak of disease will have on our customers and suppliers, and any adverse impacts on these parties may have a material adverse impact on our business.
Third Party Partner Risks
Our dependence on customers, suppliers, subcontractors and equipment manufacturers has in the past and may in the future expose us to the risk of loss in our operations.
On certain projects, we rely on suppliers to obtain the necessary materials and subcontractors to perform portions of our services. For some projects we act in a limited capacity or as a subcontractor and rely on our customers to oversee the overall management of a project. We also rely on equipment manufacturers to provide us with the equipment required to conduct our operations. Although we are not dependent on any single customer, supplier, subcontractor or equipment manufacturer, any substantial limitation on the availability of required customers, suppliers, subcontractors or equipment manufacturers could negatively impact our operations. The risk of a lack of available suppliers, subcontractors or equipment manufacturers may be heightened as a result of market, governmental and economic conditions. We have in the past and may in the future experience difficulties in acquiring equipment or materials due to supply chain interruptions, including as a result of natural disasters, weather, labor disputes, pandemic outbreak of disease, tariffs, fire or explosions and power outages. To the extent we cannot engage subcontractors or acquire equipment or materials, we could experience losses in the performance of our operations. Successful completion of our contracts may depend on whether our customers, subcontractors or other third parties, successfully fulfill their contractual obligations. If our customers, subcontractors or other third parties, fail to perform their contractual obligations as a result of financial or other difficulties, or if our customers, subcontractors or other third parties, fail to meet the expected completion dates or quality standards, we may be required to incur additional costs or provide additional services in order to make up such shortfall and we may suffer damage to our reputation.
Our participation in joint ventures and other projects with third parties may expose us to liability for failures of our partners.
We may enter into joint venture or other strategic arrangements with other parties as part of our business operations. Success on a jointly performed project depends in large part on whether all parties satisfy their contractual obligations. Joint venture partners are generally jointly and severally liable for all liabilities and obligations of the joint venture. If a joint venture partner fails to perform or is financially unable to bear its portion of required capital contributions or other obligations, including liabilities relating to claims or lawsuits, we could be required to make additional investments, provide additional services or pay more than our proportionate or agreed upon share of a liability to compensate for the partner’s shortfall. In addition, if we are unable to adequately address our partner’s performance issues, the customer may terminate the project, which could result in legal liability to us, reduce our profit on the project or damage our reputation.
18
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Regulatory and Environmental Risks
Legislative or regulatory actions relating to electricity transmission and clean energy may impact demand for our services.
Current and future legislative or regulatory actions may impact demand for our services, require utilities to meet reliability standards, and encourage installation of new electric transmission, distribution and clean energy generation facilities. However, it is unclear whether these initiatives will create sufficient incentives for projects or result in increased demand for our services.
Because most of our T&D revenue is derived from the electric utility industry, regulatory and environmental requirements affecting that industry could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Customers in the electric utility industry we serve face stringent regulatory and environmental requirements, as well as permitting processes, as they implement plans for their projects, which may result in delays, reductions and cancellations of some of their projects. These regulatory factors have resulted in decreased demand for our services in the past, and they may do so in the future, potentially impacting our operations and our ability to grow at historical levels, or at all.
In addition, while many states have mandates in place that require specified percentages of electricity to be generated from clean energy sources, states could reduce those mandates or make them optional, which could reduce, delay or eliminate clean energy development in the affected states. Additionally, clean energy is generally more expensive to produce and may require additional power generation sources as backup. The locations of clean energy projects are often remote and may not be viable unless new or expanded transmission infrastructure to transport the electricity to demand centers is economically feasible. Furthermore, funding for clean energy initiatives may not be available. These factors could result in fewer clean energy projects and a delay in the construction of these projects and the related infrastructure, which could negatively impact our business.
We have in the past and may in the future incur liabilities and suffer negative financial or reputational impacts relating to occupational health and safety matters, including those related to environmental hazards such as wildfires and other natural disasters.
Our operations are subject to extensive laws and regulations relating to the maintenance of safe conditions in the workplace. While we have invested, and will continue to invest, substantial resources in our occupational health and safety programs, our industry involves a high degree of operational risk, and there can be no assurance that we will avoid significant liability exposure. Our business is subject to numerous safety risks, including electrocutions, fires, explosions, mechanical failures, weather-related incidents, transportation accidents and damage to equipment. Furthermore, we perform a significant amount of services for customers that operate electrical power infrastructure assets in locations and climates that are more susceptible to wildfires or other natural disasters. These hazards can cause personal injury or loss of life, severe damage to or destruction of property and equipment and other consequential damages and could lead to suspension of operations, large monetary claims and, in extreme cases, criminal liability. Members of our workforce have suffered serious injuries or fatalities in the past and may suffer additional serious injuries or fatalities in the future. Monetary claims for damages to persons, including claims for bodily injury or loss of life, could result in substantial costs and liabilities. In addition, we have in the past, and we may in the future, be subject to criminal penalties relating to occupational health and safety violations, which have resulted in and could in the future result in, substantial costs and liabilities. Any of the foregoing could result in financial loss, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
Our customers seek to minimize safety risks on their sites, and they frequently review the safety records of outside contractors during the bidding process. If our safety record were to substantially deteriorate, we could become ineligible to bid on certain work, and our customers could cancel our contracts and not award us future business.
Our failure to comply with environmental and other laws and regulations could result in significant liabilities.
Our past, current and future operations are subject to numerous environmental and other laws and regulations governing our operations, including the use, transport and disposal of non-hazardous and hazardous substances and wastes, as well as emissions and discharges into the environment, including discharges to air, surface water, groundwater and soil. We also are subject to laws and regulations that impose liability and cleanup responsibility for releases of hazardous substances into the environment. Under certain of these laws and regulations, such liabilities can be imposed for cleanup of previously owned or operated properties, or properties to which hazardous substances or wastes were discharged by current or former operations at our facilities, regardless of whether we directly caused the contamination or violated any law at the time of discharge or disposal. The presence of contamination from such substances or wastes could interfere with ongoing operations or adversely affect our ability to sell, lease or otherwise use our properties in ways such as collateral for possible financing. We could also be held liable for significant penalties and damages under certain environmental laws and regulations, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
19
TABLE OF CONTENTS
In addition, new laws and regulations, stricter enforcement of existing laws and regulations, the discovery of previously unknown contamination or leaks, or the imposition of new permitting or cleanup requirements could require us to incur significant costs or become the basis for new or increased liabilities that could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In certain instances, we have obtained indemnification or covenants from third parties (including our predecessor owners or lessors) for some or all of such cleanup and other obligations and liabilities. However, such third-party indemnities or covenants may not cover all of our costs.
Legislative and regulatory proposals to address greenhouse gas emissions could result in a variety of regulatory programs, additional charges to fund energy efficiency activities, or other regulatory actions. Any of these actions could result in increased costs associated with our operations and impact the prices we charge our customers. If new regulations are adopted regulating greenhouse gas emissions from mobile sources such as cars and trucks, we could experience a significant increase in environmental compliance costs due to our large fleet. In addition, if our operations are perceived to result in high greenhouse gas emissions, our reputation could suffer.
We are also subject to laws and regulations protecting endangered species, artifacts and archaeological sites. We may incur work stoppages to avoid violating these laws and regulations, or we may risk fines or other sanctions for accidentally or willfully violating these laws and regulations. We are also subject to immigration laws and regulations, for which noncompliance could be material and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
Furthermore, failure to obtain permitting, right-of-way access and other tactical considerations prior to the commencement of work could delay the commencement of work on projects or cause modifications of work plans, potentially resulting in lower margins. We generally plan for certain up-front time and other costs to obtain required permitting and right-of-way access and for other tactical challenges prior to the commencement of work on our projects. Delays in obtaining, or the inability to obtain, permits or right-of-way access, could negatively impact our margins due to additional cost and unabsorbed overhead resulting from under-utilized personnel and equipment. Additionally, we may encounter unexpected tactical issues on the site which could lead to unanticipated costs and delays, which we may not be able to recover from our customers.
Our business may be affected by seasonal and other variations, including severe weather conditions and the nature of our work environment.
Although our revenues are primarily driven by spending patterns in our customers’ industries, our revenues and results of operations can be subject to seasonal variations, particularly in our T&D segment. These variations are influenced by weather, hours of daylight, customer spending patterns, available system outages from utilities and holidays, and can have a significant impact on our gross margins. Our profitability may decrease during abnormal or inclement weather conditions because work performed during these times may be restricted and more costly to complete. Additionally, our T&D customers often cannot remove their T&D lines from service during the summer months when consumer demand for electricity is at its peak, delaying the demand for our maintenance and repair services. Furthermore, our work is performed under a variety of conditions, including but not limited to, difficult terrain, difficult site conditions and large urban centers where delivery of materials and availability of labor may be impacted and sites which may have been exposed to harsh and hazardous conditions. Our working capital needs are also influenced by the seasonality of our business.
Opportunities associated with government contracts could lead to increased governmental regulation applicable to us.
Most government contracts are awarded through a regulated competitive bidding process. If we were to be successful in being awarded government contracts, significant costs could be incurred by us before any revenues were realized from these contracts. Government agencies may review a contractor’s performance, cost structure and compliance with applicable laws, regulations and standards. If government agencies determine through these reviews that costs were improperly allocated to specific contracts, they will not reimburse the contractor for those costs or may require the contractor to refund previously reimbursed costs. If government agencies determine that we engaged in improper activity, we may be subject to civil and criminal penalties. Government contracts are also subject to renegotiation of profit and termination by the government prior to the expiration of the term and are susceptible to a government shutdowns or a change in budgetary priorities which could lead to the cancellation of the award, unanticipated costs and delays.
20
TABLE OF CONTENTS
We are subject to risks associated with climate change including financial risks and physical risks such as an increase in extreme weather events (such as floods, wildfires or hurricanes), rising sea levels and limitations on water availability and quality.
Climate change may create physical and financial risk. Physical risks from climate change could, among other things, include an increase in extreme weather events (such as floods, wildfires or hurricanes), rising sea levels and limitations on water availability and quality. Such extreme weather conditions may limit the availability of resources, increasing the costs of our projects, or may cause projects to be delayed or cancelled. Certain risks associated with climate change could include but are not limited to:
 • changes in insurance coverage, availability of coverage, availability of adequate insurance limits, higher insurance premiums, and larger self-insured retentions/deductibles,
• changes in market demand based on climate change as well as legal and regulatory requirements and trends, 
• operational disruptions and accompanying project inefficiencies and delays that may not be recoverable from clients due to severe weather events and changes in weather patterns,
• damage from severe weather events to construction work in progress,
• damage to our assets from severe weather events,
• reputational risk due to perceptions of the company’s sustainability efforts, and
• increased reporting and compliance costs due to new regulatory requirements, customer, shareholder, and stakeholder requests targeting climate change.
Additionally, legislative and regulatory responses related to climate change and new interpretations of existing laws through climate change litigation may also negatively impact our operations. The cost of additional environmental regulatory requirements could impact the availability of goods and increase our costs. International treaties or accords could also have an impact on our business to the extent they lead to future governmental regulations. Compliance with any new laws or regulations regarding the reduction of greenhouse gases could result in significant changes to our operations and a significant increase in our cost of conducting business.
From time to time, we establish strategies and expectations related to climate change and other environmental matters. Our ability to achieve any such strategies or expectations is subject to numerous factors and conditions, many of which are outside of our control. Examples of such factors include, but are not limited to, evolving legal, regulatory, and other standards, processes, and assumptions, the pace of scientific and technological developments, increased costs, the availability of requisite financing, and changes in carbon markets. Failures or delays (whether actual or perceived) in achieving our strategies or expectations related to climate change and other environmental matters could adversely affect our business, operations, and reputation, and increase risk of litigation.
Accounting Risks
Our use of percentage-of-completion accounting could result in a reduction or reversal of previously recognized revenues and profits.
A significant portion of our revenues is recognized over the contract term based on costs incurred under the cost-to-cost method. This method is used because management believes costs incurred best represent the amount of work completed and remaining on our projects and is the most common basis for computing percentage of completion in our industry. The percentage-of-completion accounting practice we use results in our recognizing contract revenues and earnings ratably over the contract term in proportion to our incurrence of contract costs. The earnings or losses recognized on individual contracts are based on estimates of contract revenues, costs and profitability. Contract losses are recognized in full when determined, and contract profit estimates are adjusted based on ongoing reviews of contract profitability. In addition, we record adjustments to estimated costs of contracts when we believe the change in estimate is probable and the amounts can be reasonably estimated. These adjustments could result in both increases and decreases in profit margins. Actual results could differ from estimated amounts and could result in a reduction or elimination of previously recognized earnings. See “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results from Operations — Critical Accounting Policies” and in the notes to our Financial Statements, for a discussion on how

percentage-of-completion accounting impacts our business.
21
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Our financial results are based upon estimates and assumptions that may differ from actual results.
In preparing our financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (“GAAP”), estimates and assumptions are used by management in determining the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, revenues and expenses recognized during the periods presented and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities known to exist as of the date of the financial statements. These estimates and assumptions must be made because certain information that is used in the preparation of our financial statements is dependent on future events. These estimates and assumptions cannot be calculated with a high degree of precision from data available or is not capable of being readily calculated. In some cases, these estimates are particularly difficult to determine, and we must exercise significant judgment.
The most significant estimates we use are related to costs to complete contracts, pending change orders and claims, shared savings, insurance reserves, income tax reserves, estimates surrounding stock-based compensation, acquisition-related contingent earn-out consideration liabilities, the recoverability of goodwill and intangibles, and accounts receivable reserves.
Our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected by impairments to goodwill, other intangible assets, receivables, long-lived assets or investments. For example, when we acquire a business, we record goodwill in an amount equal to the amount we paid for the business minus the fair value of the net tangible assets and other intangible assets of the acquired business. Goodwill and other intangible assets that have indefinite useful lives cannot be amortized, but instead must be tested at least annually for impairment. For additional description on this impairment testing, please read Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Critical Accounting Policies — “Goodwill and Intangibles”. Any future impairments, including impairments of goodwill, intangible assets, long-lived assets or investments, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
Pricing and Cost Risks
Our actual costs may be greater than expected in performing our fixed-price and unit-price contracts.
We generate a significant portion of our revenues and profits under fixed-price and unit-price contracts. We must estimate the costs of completing a particular project when we bid for these types of contracts. The actual cost of labor and materials, however, may vary from the costs we originally estimated and we may not be successful in recouping additional costs from our customers. These variations, along with other risks inherent in performing fixed-price and unit-price contracts, may cause actual revenue and gross profits for a project to differ from those we originally estimated and could result in reduced profitability or losses on projects due to changes in a variety of factors such as:
•
failure to properly estimate costs of engineering, material, equipment or labor;
•
inefficient labor performance;
•
unanticipated technical problems with the materials or services being supplied by us, which may require us to incur additional costs to remedy the problem;
•
project modifications that create unanticipated costs;
•
changes in the costs or availability of equipment, materials, labor or subcontractors;
•
the failure of our customers, suppliers, subcontractors or other third parties to perform;
•
difficulties in our customers obtaining required governmental permits or approvals;
•
site conditions that differ from those assumed in the original bid;
•
the availability and skill level of workers in the geographic location of the project;
•
an increase in the cost of fuel or other resources;
•
changes in, or our interpretations of, local laws and regulations;
•
delays caused by local weather conditions, third parties or customers; and
•
quality issues requiring rework.
22
TABLE OF CONTENTS
An increase in the cost or availability for items such as materials, parts, commodities, equipment and tooling may also be impacted by trade regulations, tariffs, global relations, wars, taxes, transportation costs and inflation which could adversely affect our business.
For certain contracts, we are exposed to market risks that may cause increases in the cost, or the availability of, parts, commodities, equipment and tooling, utilized in our operations. We have in the past been, and may in the future be impacted by, delays and cost volatility of these items due to supply chain disruptions, inflationary pressures, tariffs and regulatory slowdowns. In addition, our customers’ capital budgets may be impacted by cost increases and reduced customer spending could lead to fewer project awards and more competition. These costs could be materially impacted by general market conditions and other factors, including U.S. trade relationships with other countries or the imposition of tariffs. We are also exposed to increases in energy prices, particularly as they relate to fuel prices for our fleet vehicles. While we believe we can increase our prices to adjust for cost increases, there can be no assurance that future cost increases would be recoverable. Additionally, some of our fixed price contracts do not allow us to adjust our prices and, as a result, increases in the cost of parts, commodities, equipment and tooling or fuel costs could reduce our profitability with respect to such projects and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
Capital and Credit Risks
We may not be able to compete for, or work on, certain projects if we are not able to obtain necessary bonds, letters of credit, bank guarantees or other financial assurances.
Many of our contracts require that we provide security to our customers for the performance of their projects in the form of bonds, letters of credit, bank guarantees or other financial assurances. Current or future market conditions, including losses incurred in the construction industry or as a result of large corporate bankruptcies, as well as changes in our sureties’ assessment of our operating and financial risk, could cause our surety providers and lenders to decline to issue or renew, or substantially reduce the amount of, bid or performance bonds for our work and could increase our costs associated with collateral. These actions could be taken on short notice. If our surety providers or lenders were to limit or eliminate our access to bonding, letters of credit or guarantees, our alternatives would include seeking capacity from other sureties and lenders, finding more business that does not require bonds or allows for other forms of collateral for project performance, such as cash. We may be unable to secure these alternatives in a timely manner, on acceptable terms, or at all, which could affect our ability to bid for or work on future projects requiring financial assurances. 
We have also granted security interests in various assets to collateralize our obligations to our sureties and lenders. Furthermore, under standard terms in the surety market, sureties issue or continue bonds on a project-by-project basis and can decline to issue bonds at any time or require the posting of additional collateral as a condition to issuing or renewing any bonds. If we were to experience an interruption or reduction in the availability of bonding capacity as a result of these or any other reasons, we may be unable to compete for or work on certain projects that would require bonding.
Unfavorable developments affecting the banking and financial services industry could adversely affect our business, liquidity and financial condition and overall results of operations.
Actual events, concerns or speculation about disruption or instability in the banking and financial services industry, such as liquidity constraints, the failure of individual institutions, or the inability of individual institutions or the banking and financial service industry generally to meet their contractual obligations, could significantly impair our access to capital, delay access to deposits or other financial assets, or cause actual loss of funds subject to cash management arrangements. Similarly, these events, concerns or speculation could result in less favorable financing terms such as higher interest rates or costs and stricter covenants, or systemic limitations on access to credit and liquidity sources, thereby making it more difficult for us to acquire financing on acceptable terms or at all. Additionally, our customers also could be adversely affected by these risks, which in turn could result in their committing a breach or default under their contractual agreements with us, their insolvency or bankruptcy, or other adverse effects. Any decline in available funding, limitation on access to our cash and liquidity resources, or non-compliance of banking and financial services counterparties with their contractual commitments to us could, among other risk, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
23
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Employee Risks
Work stoppages or other labor issues with our unionized workforce could adversely affect our business, and we may be subject to unionization attempts.
As of December 31, 2024, approximately 87% of our craft labor employees were covered by collective bargaining agreements. Although most of these agreements prohibit strikes and work stoppages, we cannot be certain that strikes or work stoppages will not occur in the future. Strikes or work stoppages could adversely impact our relationships with our customers and could cause us to lose business, resulting in decreased revenues. From time to time, we have experienced attempts to unionize our nonunion businesses. Such efforts often delay work and present the risk of labor unrest. If nonunion employees were to unionize, we could experience higher ongoing labor costs.
Multi-employer pension plan obligations related to our unionized workforce could adversely impact our earnings.
Our collective bargaining agreements may require us to participate with other companies in various multi-employer pension plans. To the extent that we participate in any multi-employer pension plans that are underfunded, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended by the Multi-Employer Pension Plan Amendments Act of 1980, may subject us to substantial liabilities under those plans if we were to withdraw from them, if they were terminated or experience a mass withdrawal. Furthermore, the Pension Protection Act of 2006, as amended, imposes additional funding and operational rules applicable to plan years beginning after 2007 for multi-employer pension plans that are classified as either “endangered,” “seriously endangered” or “critical” status. Plans in these classifications must adopt measures to improve their funded status, which may require additional employer contributions and/or modifications to employee benefits based on future union wages paid. 
Although we are not currently aware of any potential significant liabilities to us as a result of these plans being classified as being in a “critical” or “endangered” status, our future financial results could be impacted by the amended funding rules.
Cybersecurity and Information Technology Risks
We rely on information, communications and data systems in our operations and we or our business partners may be subject to failures, interruptions or breaches of such systems, which could affect our operations or our competitive position, expose sensitive information or damage our reputation.
We and our business partners are heavily reliant on information and communications technology and related systems to conduct our business. We also rely on third-party software and information technology to run certain of our critical accounting, project management and financial information systems. Furthermore, in connection with our business we may collect and retain personally identifiable and other sensitive information of our customers and personnel, all of which expect that we will adequately protect such information. The failure of these systems to operate effectively or problems with transitioning to upgraded or replacement systems could cause delays and reduce the efficiency of our operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows, and significant costs could be incurred to remediate any problem.
Increased IT security threats and more sophisticated computer crimes, including advanced persistent threats, computer viruses, ransomware, other types of malicious code, hacking, phishing and social engineering schemes designed to provide access to our networks or data, pose a potential risk to the security of our IT systems, networks and services, as well as the confidentiality, availability and integrity of our data. If the IT systems, networks or service providers we rely upon fail to function properly, or if we suffer a loss or disclosure of sensitive information, we may suffer interruptions in our ability to manage operations, be subject to government enforcement actions, litigation, and reputational, competitive and business harm which may adversely impact our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows, competitive position and reputation.
As techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or sabotage systems change frequently and generally are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventative measures. As cyber threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend additional resources to comply with new cyber-related regulations, continue to enhance our information security measures or investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities. Our remediation efforts may not be successful and could result in interruptions, delays or cessation of service. This could also impact the cost and availability of cyber insurance to us. While we maintain cybersecurity insurance, costs related to a cyberattack may exceed the amount of our insurance coverage or may be excluded under the terms of our cybersecurity insurance policy. Additionally, due to recent increases in cyber losses by the insurance industry, cyber insurance coverage may be limited and/or subject to a significant increase in cost. Furthermore, our relationships with, and access provided to, third parties and their vendors may create difficulties in anticipating and implementing adequate preventative measures or mitigating harms after an attack or breach occurs.
24
TABLE OF CONTENTS
During the normal course of business, we have experienced and expect to continue to experience attempts to compromise our information and communications technology and related systems. To date, no cybersecurity incident or attack has had a material impact on our business or results of operations. If a material, actual or perceived breach of our security occurs, the public perception of the effectiveness of our security measures could be harmed and we could lose customers. Any such material disruptions or breaches of security would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
In addition, current and future laws and regulations governing data privacy and the unauthorized disclosure of confidential information may pose complex compliance challenges and/or result in additional costs. A failure to comply with such laws and regulations could result in penalties or fines, legal liabilities and/or harm our reputation. The continuing and evolving threat of cyber-attacks has also resulted in increased regulatory focus on risk management and prevention. New cyber-related regulations or other requirements could cause us to incur significant costs, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
Item 1B.  Unresolved Staff Comments
None.
Item 1C.  Cybersecurity
The Company’s 
Board of Directors
 has oversight of risks from cybersecurity threats.

The Board 
reviews cybersecurity risks as part of its overall risk management oversight and specifically reviews cybersecurity in detail at least annually
. 
The Board relies on 
management
 and its 
use of the third-party consultants for expertise
 for assessing and managing the Company’s risks from cybersecurity threats.

In conjunction with management, the Board considers the nature of the work provided by the Company’s operations, the potential impact of a cybersecurity event, costs, potential likelihood of an event, prior events, and benefits in its general oversight of the cybersecurity risk management
.
We have experienced targeted and non-targeted cybersecurity attacks and incidents in the past that have resulted in unauthorized persons gaining access to our information and systems, and we could in the future experience similar attacks. 
To date, no cybersecurity incident or attack, or any risk from cybersecurity threats, has materially affected or has been determined to be reasonably likely to materially affect the Company or our business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition.

See also “