Item 1A. Risk Factors — Our business may be affected by seasonal and other variations, including severe weather conditions and the nature of our work environment.”
Human Capital Resources
We believe that our people are our greatest assets and the success and growth of our business depend in large part on our ability to attract, develop and retain a diverse population of talented, qualified and highly skilled employees at all levels of our organization, including the individuals who comprise our workforce as well as our executive officers and other key personnel. We have developed key recruitment and retention strategies, objectives and measures that serve as the framework for our human capital management approach and guide the overall management of our business. These strategies, objectives and measures are advanced through a number of programs, policies and initiatives, including those related to: health and safety; inclusion; employee recruitment, training and development; and compensation and benefits programs.
9
TABLE OF CONTENTS
We seek to attract and retain highly qualified craft employees by providing a superior work environment through our emphasis on safety, competitive compensation, and our high-quality fleet of equipment. The number of individuals we employ varies significantly throughout the year, including the number of craft employees fluctuates depending on the number and size of projects at any particular time. As of December 31, 2024, we had approximately 8,500 employees, consisting of approximately 6,800 craft employees, with the remaining 1,700 employees mainly consisting of district managers, project managers, superintendents, estimators, office managers, administrative staff, clerical personnel and executive officers. Approximately 87% of our craft employees are members of unions, with the majority being members of the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers (“IBEW”), who are represented by many local unions under agreements with generally uniform terms and varying expiration dates. We generally are not direct parties to such local agreements, but instead these agreements are entered into by and between the IBEW local unions and the National Electrical Contractors Association (“NECA”), of which the majority of our subsidiaries are members. On occasion, we also employ individuals who are members of other trade unions pursuant to multi-employer, multi-union project agreements.
Information about our Executive Officers
Name
Age on
February 26, 2025
Position
Richard S. Swartz
61
President and Chief Executive Officer
Kelly M. Huntington
49
Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Brian K. Stern
55
Senior Vice President, Chief Operating Officer T&D
Don A. Egan
54
Senior Vice President, Chief Operating Officer C&I
William F. Fry
50
Senior Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Secretary
Richard S. Swartz 
was appointed president and chief executive officer in January 2017 and has served as a member of our Board of Directors since April 2019. Prior to his current role, he served as executive vice president and chief operating officer of MYR Group from September 2016 to December 2016 and as senior vice president and chief operating officer of MYR Group from May 2011 to September 2016. Mr. Swartz served as senior vice president of MYR Group from August 2009 to May 2011, and as a group vice president of MYR Group from 2004 to 2009. Prior to becoming a group vice president, Mr. Swartz served as vice president of our transmission & distribution central division from 2002 to 2004. Mr. Swartz has held a number of additional positions since he joined us in 1982, including project foreman, superintendent, project manager and district manager.
Kelly M. Huntington
 joined us as senior vice president in January 2023 and became chief financial officer in February 2023. Prior to joining us, Ms. Huntington served as senior vice president & chief financial officer of USIC, LLC; an underground utility location and damage prevention company from 2019 to 2022. Ms. Huntington served as senior vice president, Enterprise Strategy for OneAmerica Financial Partners, Inc. a financial services company from 2015 to 2019. Prior to OneAmerica Financial Partners, Ms. Huntington worked for Indianapolis Power & Light Company, an electrical utility and subsidiary of The AES Corporation, serving as president and chief executive officers from 2013 to 2015, as senior vice president and chief financial officer from 2011 to 2013 and in various other leadership positions from 2003 to 2011. Ms. Huntington also currently serves on the board of directors of Capital Power Corporation.
Brian K. Stern
 was appointed senior vice president and chief operating officer of our T&D segment in March 2024. Prior to his current role, he served as group vice president and a member of the company’s executive leadership team since 2017. Mr. Stern has held a number of additional positions at the Company from 2010 to 2017, including regional vice president and district manager. Prior to joining us, Mr. Stern served as director of financial analysis at a leading T&D competitor from 2006 to 2010. Mr. Stern served as our market analyst from 2001 to 2006.
Don A. Egan 
was appointed to serve as senior vice president and chief operating officer of our C&I segment in May 2023. Prior to his current role, he served as group vice president and a member of the company’s executive leadership team since 2017, Mr. Egan also served as president of several of our subsidiary companies including, Sturgeon Electric Company, Inc., from May 2020 to May 2023. Mr. Egan has held a number of additional positions since joining the Company in 1991, including regional vice president, vice president, district manager, operations manager, and project manager.
William F. Fry
 joined us as vice president, chief legal officer and secretary in January 2019 and became senior vice president, chief legal officer and secretary in March 2024. Prior to joining us, Mr. Fry served as vice president - legal for Team Inc., a specialty industrial service, engineering and manufacturing company, from 2016 to 2018. Mr. Fry was general counsel, secretary, vice president & chief compliance officer of Furmanite Corporation, a provider of specialized technical services and product solutions, from 2012 to 2016, before its merger with Team Inc. Prior to joining Furmanite Corporation, Mr. Fry worked for American Tank & Vessel, Inc., a specialty engineering and construction company, in various roles from 2006 to 2012, ultimately serving as their general counsel.
10
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Website Access to Company Reports
Our website address is 
www.myrgroup.com
. Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act will be available free of charge through our website as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. The information on our website is not a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or incorporated into any other filings we make with the SEC.