Item 3.
Legal Proceedings
25
Item 4.
Mine Safety Disclosures
25
PART II
Item 5.
Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
26
Item 6.
[Reserved]
27
Item 7.
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
27
Item 7A.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
44
Item 8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
45
Item 9.
Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
82
Item 9A.
Controls and Procedures
82
Item 9B.
Other Information
83
Item 9C.
Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections
83
PART III
Item 10.
Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
84
Item 11.
Executive Compensation
84
Item 12.
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters
84
Item 13.
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
85
Item 14.
Principal Accountant Fees and Services
85
PART IV
Item 15.
Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules
86
Item 16.
Form 10-K Summary
88
Throughout this report, references to “MYR Group,” the “Company,” “we,” “us,” and “our” refer to MYR Group Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, except as otherwise indicated or as the context otherwise requires.
1
TABLE OF CONTENTS
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
Statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K contain various forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 (the “Securities Act”) and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”), which represent our management’s beliefs and assumptions concerning future events. When used in this document and in documents incorporated by reference, forward-looking statements include, without limitation, statements regarding financial forecasts or projections, and our expectations, beliefs, intentions or future strategies that are signified by the words “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” “likely,” “may,” “objective,” “outlook,” “plan,” “project,” “possible,” “potential,” “should,” “unlikely,” or other words that convey the uncertainty of future events or outcomes. The forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K speak only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10
-
K. We disclaim any obligation to update these statements (unless required by securities laws) and we caution you not to rely on them unduly. We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and assumptions about future events. While our management considers these expectations and assumptions to be reasonable, they are inherently subject to significant business, economic, competitive, regulatory and other risks, contingencies and uncertainties, most of which are difficult to predict, and many of which are beyond our control. These and other important factors, including those discussed in Item 1A — “Risk Factors” of this report, and in any risk factors or cautionary statements contained in our other filings with the SEC, may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements.
2
TABLE OF CONTENTS
PART I