Item 1A. Risk Factors."
We believe that we are in compliance with applicable regulatory requirements and we believe that we have all material licenses required to conduct our operations. Our failure to comply with applicable regulations could result in project delays, cost overruns, remediation costs, substantial fines and revocation of our operating licenses. We do not expect that continued compliance with such regulations will have a material effect upon capital expenditures, earnings, or our competitive position.
8
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Environmental Matters
As a result of our current and past operations, we are subject to numerous environmental laws and regulations governing our operations, including the use, transport and disposal of non-hazardous and hazardous substances and wastes, as well as emissions and discharges into the environment, including discharges into air, surface water, groundwater and soil. We also are subject to laws and regulations that impose liability and cleanup responsibility for releases of hazardous substances into the environment. Under certain of these laws and regulations, such liabilities can be imposed for cleanup of previously owned or operated properties, or properties to which hazardous substances or wastes were discharged by current or former operations at our facilities, regardless of whether we directly caused the contamination or violated any law at the time of discharge or disposal. The presence of contamination from such substances or wastes could interfere with ongoing operations or adversely affect our ability to sell, lease or otherwise use our properties in certain ways, such as collateral for possible financing. We could also be held liable for significant penalties and damages under certain environmental laws and regulations, which could materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
We believe that we are in substantial compliance with environmental laws and regulations and that any obligations related to environmental matters should not have a material effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
Additionally, there are significant existing and proposed environmental regulations in the jurisdictions where we do business that are designed to encourage the use of clean energy technologies and regulate emissions of greenhouse gases to address climate change. We regularly monitor the various proposals and changes to laws in this regard. Although the impact of climate change regulations on our business will ultimately depend on the specifics of governmental policies, legislation, and regulation, we believe that we are well-positioned to adapt our business to meet new regulations. Furthermore, we perform a significant amount of services for customers that operate electrical power infrastructure assets in locations and climates that are more susceptible to wildfires or other natural disasters. See “