Item 3.
Legal Proceedings
21
Item 4.
Mine Safety Disclosures
21

Information About Our Executive Officers
22

PART II

Item 5.
Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
23
Item 6.
[Reserved]
25
Item 7.
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
25
Item 7A.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk
32
Item 8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
33
Item 9.
Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
62
Item 9A.
Controls and Procedures
62
Item 9B.
Other Information
62
Item 9C.
Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections
62

PART III

Item 10.
Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
63
Item 11.
Executive Compensation
63
Item 12.
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
63
Item 13.
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
63
Item 14.
Principal Accountant Fees and Services
63

PART IV

Item 15.
Exhibits. Financial Statement Schedules
64
Item 16.
Form 10-K Summary
66
Signatures
67
2
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
Unless otherwise indicated, all references to “we,” “us,” “our,” “Powell” or “the Company” include Powell Industries, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries.
This Annual Report on Form 10-K (Annual Report) contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act). All statements, other than statements of historical fact, included in this report are forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, projections and estimates of the timing and success of specific projects and our future backlog, revenues, income, acquisitions, liquidity and capital expenditures, as well as other statements that are not historical facts contained in or incorporated by reference into this report. Statements that contain words such as “believes,” “expects,” “anticipates,” “intends,” “estimates,” “continue,” “should,” “could,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “predict,” “potential,” “possible,” “would,” “outlook,” “will” or similar expressions are forward-looking statements. 
These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report. We disclaim any obligation to update or revise these statements unless required by applicable law, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. We caution you not to unduly rely on them. We have based these forward-looking statements on expectations and assumptions of management at the time the statements were made. While our management considers these expectations and assumptions to be reasonable, they are inherently subject to significant business, economic, competitive, regulatory and other risks, contingencies and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those included in this report, most of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control. These risks, contingencies and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the potential failure to adequately predict costs (including in connection with our fixed-price contracts) and prevent cost overruns, including the impacts of inflation, potentially disruptive or unanticipated changes in suppliers, the availability of cash on hand and other sources of liquidity to fund our operating expenses and capital expenditures, the impacts of future legislative and regulatory initiatives, electronic, cyber or physical security breaches, and other factors detailed herein and in our other Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings. Additional important risks, uncertainties and other factors are described in “Risk Factors” in Part I. Item 1A of this Annual Report. We can provide no assurance that the forward-looking statements contained in this report will occur as expected, and actual results may differ materially from those included in this report.
Investors should note that we announce material financial information in SEC filings, press releases and public conference calls. Based on guidance from the SEC, we may use the Investors section of our website to communicate with investors. It is possible that the financial and other information posted there could be deemed to be material information. The information on our website is not part of, and is not incorporated to, this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
3
PART I