Item 7.
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
35

Item 7A.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk
51

Item 8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
52

Item 9.
Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
108

Item 9A.
Controls and Procedures
108

Item 9B.
Other Information
110
Item 9C.
Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections
110

PART III

Item 10.
Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
111

Item 11.
Executive Compensation
111

Item 12.
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
111

Item 13.
Certain Relationships, Related Transactions and Director Independence
111

Item 14.
Principal Accountant Fees and Services
111

PART IV

Item 15.
Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules
112
Item 16.
Form 10-K Summary
114
Signatures
115
2
GLOSSARY OF DEFINED TERMS
FIRST MERCHANTS CORPORATION
2021 CAA
The 2021 Consolidated Appropriations Act, signed into law on December 27, 2020,  provided the annual funding for the federal government and also contained several rules giving further COVID-19 relief
ACL
Allowance for Credit Losses
ASC
Accounting Standards Codification
ASU
Accounting Standards Update
AOCI
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income
Bank
First Merchants Bank, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Corporation
BOLI
Bank owned life insurance
BHC Act
Bank Holding Company Act of 1956
BSA
Bank Secrecy Act
BTFP
Bank Term Funding Program created by the Federal Reserve in March 2023
CARES Act
Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act
CECL
FASB Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-13, 
Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments, 
adopted by the Corporation on January 1, 2021.
CET1
Common equity tier 1
CFPB
Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
CME Term SOFR
A forward-looking term Secured Overnight Financing Rate, as administered by CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited.
CODM
Chief operating decision maker
Corporation
First Merchants Corporation
COVID or COVID-19
2019 novel coronavirus disease, which was declared a pandemic by the World Health Organization on March 11, 2020.
CRA
The Community Reinvestment Act of 1977
Dodd-Frank Act
Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act
Economic Growth Act
The Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act enacted in May 2018.
EITF
FASB’s Emerging Issues Task Force
ERISA
Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974
ERM
Enterprise risk management
ESG
Environmental, social and governance
ESPP
Employee Stock Purchase Plan
Exchange Act
Securities Exchange Act of 1934
FASB
Financial Accounting Standards Board
FDIC
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
FDICIA
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991
Federal Reserve
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System
FHLB
Federal Home Loan Bank
FOMC
Federal Open Market Committee, the monetary policymaking body of the Federal Reserve System
FTE
Fully taxable equivalent
GAAP
Accounting Principles Generally Accepted in the United States of America
Indiana DFI
Indiana Department of Financial Institutions
IRA
Inflation Reduction Act of 2022
IRS
Internal Revenue Service
Level One
Level One Bancorp, Inc., which was acquired by the Corporation on April 1, 2022.
LIBOR Act
Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act enacted on March 15, 2022
LIHTC
Low income housing tax credit
MBT
MBT Financial Corp., which was acquired by the Corporation on September 1, 2019.
OREO
Other real estate owned
PCD
Purchased credit deteriorated loans
PDIF
Public Deposit Insurance Fund
PPP
Paycheck Protection Program, which was established by the CARES Act and implemented by the Small Business Administration to provide small business loans.
ROU
Right of Use
RSA
Restricted Stock Awards
Sarbanes-Oxley Act
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
Savings Plan
The First Merchants Corporation Retirement and Income Savings Plan
SBA
Small Business Administration
SEC
Securities and Exchange Commission
SOFR
Secured Overnight Funding Rate
Treasury
U.S. Department of Treasury
3
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

The Corporation from time to time includes forward-looking statements in its oral and written communication.  The Corporation may include forward-looking statements in filings with the SEC, such as its Annual Reports on Form 10-K and its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, in other written materials and oral statements made by senior management to analysts, investors, representatives of the media and others.  The Corporation intends these forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and the Corporation is including this statement for purposes of these safe harbor provisions. Forward-looking statements can often be identified by the use of words like “believe”, “continue”, “pattern”, “estimate”, “project”, “intend”, “anticipate”, “expect” and similar expressions or future or conditional verbs such as “will”, “would”, “should”, “could”, “might”, “can”, “may” or similar expressions.  These forward-looking statements include:
•
statements of the Corporation’s goals, intentions and expectations;
•
statements regarding the Corporation’s business plan and growth strategies;
•
statements regarding the asset quality of the Corporation’s loan and investment portfolios; and
•
estimates of the Corporation’s risks and future costs and benefits.
These forward-looking statements are subject to significant risks, assumptions and uncertainties, including, among other things, those discussed in Item 1A, “RISK FACTORS”.
Because of these and other uncertainties, the Corporation’s actual future results may be materially different from the results indicated by these forward-looking statements. In addition, the Corporation’s past results of operations do not necessarily indicate its future results.
4
PART I: