Item 1A. Risk Factors" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors is responsible for oversight of our cybersecurity risk assessment, risk management, incident response procedures and cybersecurity risks and provides updates to the Board of Directors regarding such oversight.
 Periodically during each year, the Audit Committee receives an overview from our Vice President, Head of Technology of our cybersecurity threat risk management and strategy processes, including potential impact on us, the efforts of management to manage the risks that are identified and our incident response preparations.
 Members of the Board of Directors regularly engage in discussions with management on cybersecurity-related news events and discuss any updates to our cybersecurity risk assessment, risk management and strategy programs.

Our cybersecurity risk assessment, management and strategy processes are led by our 
Vice President, Head of Technology
. 
Our 
Vice President, Head of Technology has over 20 years of experience in various roles involving managing information security, managing privacy and data protection, developing 

121

cybersecurity 
strategy, and implementing cybersecurity programs.

The Vice President, Head of Technology, a Certified Information Security Manager (CISM)
 with up-to-date credentials, is informed about and
 monitors the prevention, mitigation, detection and remediation of cybersecurity incidents through management of the cybersecurity risk management and strategy processes described above, including our incident response plan.

In an effort to deter and detect cyber threats, we periodically provide all employees with data protection and cybersecurity awareness training, which covers a range of timely and relevant topics. Past topics have included social engineering, phishing, password protection, confidential data protection, and asset use. The training functions to educate employees on the importance of reporting all security and privacy incidents immediately. We send out bi-weekly simulated phishing tests to all employees for ongoing awareness to relevant phishing campaigns. We also use technology-based tools to mitigate cybersecurity risks and to bolster its employee-based cybersecurity programs.

Item 2. Pro
perties.

Our principal facilities are located at 1560 Trapelo Road, Waltham, Massachusetts, where we lease and occupy approximately 68,000 square feet of office and laboratory space. The current term of our lease expires in March 2030, with an option to extend the lease for two successive five-year terms. We believe our facilities are adequate and suitable for our current needs and that should it be needed, suitable additional or alternative space will be available to accommodate our operations.