Item 3.

Legal Proceedings
.

59

Item 4.

Mine Safety Disclosures
.

61

PART II

Item 5.

Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.

62

Item 6.

[Reserved]

63

Item 7.

Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.

63

Item 7A.

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.

74

Item 8.

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.

74

Item 9.

Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.

74

Item 9A.

Controls and Procedures
.

74

Item 9B

Other Information.

77

Item 9C

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections.

77

PART III

Item 10.

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.

78

Item 11.

Executive Compensation
.

78

Item 12.

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.

78

Item 13.

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.

78

Item 14.

Principal Accountant Fees and Services.

78

PART IV

Item 15.

Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules
.

79

Item 16.

Form 10-K Summary

83

i

PART
 I

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This report and the information incorporated herein by reference contain forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties, as well as assumptions that, if they never materialize or prove incorrect, could cause our results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Although our forward-looking statements reflect the good faith judgment of our management, these statements can only be based on facts and factors currently known by us. Consequently, forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, and actual results and outcomes may differ materially from results and outcomes discussed in the forward-looking statements. In addition, statements that “we believe” and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These statements are based upon information available to us as of the date of this report, and while we believe such information forms a reasonable basis for such statements, such information may be limited or incomplete, and our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all potentially available relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain and you are cautioned not to unduly rely upon these statements.

Forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking words such as “aims,” “anticipates,” “believes,” “continue,” “could,” “estimates,” “expects,” “hopes,” “intends,” “may,” “plans,” “potential” “predicts,” “pro forma,” “projects,” “seeks,” “should,” “will,” “would,” or other similar words (including their use in the negative), or by discussions of future matters such as the benefits to be derived from our products and our product  candidates, the potential market opportunities for our products and our drug candidates, our strategy for the commercialization of our products, our plans for exploring and developing our products for additional indications, the commercialization of DAYBUE or trofinetide in jurisdictions other than the United States (U.S.), our plans and timing with respect to seeking regulatory approvals, the potential commercialization of any of our product candidates that receive regulatory approval, the progress, timing, results or implications of clinical trials and other development milestones and activities involving our products and our product candidates, our strategy for discovering, developing and, if approved, commercializing our product candidates, our existing and potential future collaborations, our estimates of future payments, revenues and profitability, our estimates regarding our capital requirements, future expenses and needs for additional financing, possible changes in legislation, and other statements that are not historical. These statements include but are not limited to statements under the captions “Business,” “Risk Factors,” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” as well as other sections in this report. You should be aware that the occurrence of any of the events discussed under the caption “Risk Factors” and elsewhere in this report could substantially harm our business, results of operations and financial condition and cause our results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by our forward-looking statements. If any of these events occurs, the trading price of our common stock could decline and you could lose all or a part of the value of your shares of our common stock.

The cautionary statements made in this report are intended to be applicable to all forward-looking statements wherever they may appear in this report. We urge you not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this report. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made in this report to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this report or to reflect new information or the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required by law.

Summary of Risk Factors

We face risks and uncertainties related to our business, many of which are beyond our control.

In particular, risks associated with our products and business include:

•
Our prospects are highly dependent on the successful commercialization of our products. To the extent we cannot maintain or increase sales of our products, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected and the price of our common stock may decline.

•
Our products may not gain maximal acceptance among physicians, patients, caregivers and the medical community, thereby limiting our potential to generate revenues.

•
If we do not obtain regulatory approval of trofinetide outside North America, we will not be able to market trofinetide outside North America, which will limit our commercial revenues. 

•
Our ability to generate product revenues will be diminished if coverage for our products from commercial or government payors is decreased or if patients have unacceptably high out-of-pocket requirements.

1

•
Our products are subject to ongoing regulatory requirements that could cause us significant expense and delay or limit our ability to generate sales revenues.

•
We rely on a limited network of third-party distributors and pharmacies to market and sell our products. If this approach ceases to be effective, commercialization of our products may be adversely affected, and our products may not be profitable.

•
Drug development is a long, expensive and unpredictable process with a high risk of failure, and there is no guarantee that our products or product candidates will be successful in ongoing or future clinical trials or obtain regulatory approval.

•
Expanded access or compassionate use programs could subject us to additional risks.

•
Delays, suspensions and terminations in our clinical trials for our product candidates could result in increased costs to us and delay our ability to generate product revenues.

•
If we are unable to attract, retain, and motivate key management, research and development, and sales and marketing personnel, our drug development programs, our research and discovery efforts, and our commercialization plans may be delayed and we may be unable to successfully commercialize our products, or develop our product candidates.

•
If we fail to develop, acquire or in-license other product candidates or products, our business and prospects would be limited. Even if we obtain rights to other product candidates or products, we will incur a variety of costs and may never realize the anticipated benefits.

•
We have a history of net losses and we may not be able to predict the extent of future losses.

•
We may require additional financing in the future to fund our operations.  If we cannot raise additional financing in the future, we may be unable to fund our business plan and our future research, development, commercial and manufacturing efforts.

•
We expect that our results of operations will fluctuate, which may make it difficult to predict our future performance from period to period.

•
Changes in tax laws or regulations that are applied adversely to us or our customers may have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flow, financial condition or results of operations.

•
Our ability to use net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes to offset future taxable income or taxes may be limited.

•
Tax authorities could reallocate our taxable income among our subsidiaries, which could increase our overall tax liability.

•
Unfavorable global economic conditions could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.

•
We or the third parties upon whom we depend may be adversely affected by catastrophic events, such as earthquakes, fires, or other natural disasters and our business continuity and disaster recovery plans may not adequately protect us from a serious disaster.

•
We have incurred, and expect to continue to incur, significant costs as a result of laws and regulations relating to corporate governance and other matters.

•
Our 
business

involves
 the use of hazardous materials, and we and our third-party manufacturers and suppliers must comply with environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, which can be expensive and restrict how we do, or interrupt our, business
.

2

Item 1. 
B
usiness.

Company Overview

We are a biopharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of innovative medicines that address unmet medical needs in central nervous system (CNS) disorders and rare diseases.

We have two core franchises in neuroscience and neuro-rare diseases. Our neuroscience franchise is anchored by the commercial product NUPLAZID (pimavanserin), which is the first and only drug approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of hallucinations and delusions associated with PDP. Our neuro-rare disease franchise is anchored by the commercial product DAYBUE, which is the first and only drug approved for the treatment of Rett syndrome. Net product sales from these two commercial products totaled $957.8 million for 2024, compared with $726.4 million for 2023.

In addition to these commercial products, we have a portfolio of product candidates and research programs that are designed to address significant unmet medical needs in CNS disorders and rare diseases. In order to achieve significant long-term growth, we plan to develop our current portfolio, expand our pipeline of early- and late-stage product candidates and expand into areas of rare disease that are adjacent to our existing franchises, including through strategic business development, and make use of our internal capabilities and knowledge.

Our most advanced product candidate is ACP-101 (intranasal carbetocin) for the treatment of hyperphagia in Prader-Willi syndrome (PWS), a neuro rare disease. Hyperphagia is an intense persistent sensation of hunger accompanied by food preoccupations, an extreme drive to consume food, food-related behavior problems, and a lack of normal satiety. In November 2023, we initiated the Phase 3 COMPASS PWS study evaluating the efficacy and safety of ACP-101 for the treatment of hyperphagia in PWS.

Our next most advanced product candidate is ACP-204 for the treatment of Alzheimer’s disease psychosis (ADP). In November 2023, we initiated a Phase 2 study evaluating the efficacy and safety of ACP-204 for the treatment of hallucinations and delusions associated with ADP. We plan to initiate an additional Phase 2 study of ACP-204 in Lewy Body Dementia with Psychosis (LBDP) in the third quarter of 2025.

We have several product candidates in earlier stages of development for the treatment of CNS disorders and rare diseases, including ACP-711 for the treatment of essential tremor, for which we expect to initiate a Phase 2 study in 2026.

Corporate Information

We were originally incorporated in Vermont in 1993 as Receptor Technologies, Inc. We reincorporated in Delaware in 1997. Our global headquarters are in San Diego, California. We also have substantial operations in Princeton, New Jersey and European headquarters in Zug, Switzerland. We maintain a website at 
www.acadia.com
, to which we regularly post copies of our press releases as well as additional information about us. Our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) are available free of charge through our website as soon as reasonably practicable after being electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. Interested persons can subscribe on our website to email alerts that are sent automatically when we issue press releases, file or furnish our reports with the SEC or post certain other information to our website. Information contained in our website does not constitute a part of this report or our other filings with the SEC.

We own or have rights to various trademarks, copyrights and trade names used in our business, including Acadia
®
, NUPLAZID
®
 and DAYBUE
™
. Our logos and trademarks are the property of Acadia Pharmaceuticals Inc. All other brand names or trademarks appearing in this report are the property of their respective holders. Use or display by us of other parties’ trademarks, trade dress, or products in this report is not intended to, and does not, imply a relationship with, or endorsement or sponsorship of us, by the trademark or trade dress owners.

Our Strategy

Our strategy is to build a strong foundation for growth with multiple innovative commercial products and product candidates that address high unmet medical needs and have the potential to be impactful products in our core franchises of neuro-psychiatric disorders and neuro-rare diseases and adjacencies within rare disease. We plan to execute on this strategy by enhancing the growth of the commercial products in our core franchises while expanding our pipeline of product candidates through business development, partnerships and collaborations.

3

Key elements of our strategy are to:

•
Maximize growth of our successful commercialization of NUPLAZID for Parkinson’s disease psychosis in the United States.
 We intend to accelerate the growth of NUPLAZID by 1) activating consumers with our direct-to-consumer campaigns, 2) leveraging real world evidence, and 3) increasing field force efficiency with greater use of information technology tools. We believe that with an approximate 20% current market share of the 130,000 Parkinson’s disease patients that are treated with an atypical antipsychotic annually in the United States, we have ample opportunity to grow sales of NUPLAZID while delivering increasing annual cash flow to reinvest in overall corporate growth.

•
Drive new patient adoption of DAYBUE for the treatment of patients with Rett syndrome in the United States. 
Our strategy to drive sales growth for DAYBUE in the U.S. is to drive new patient adoption while optimizing the patient experience for those already on therapy thereby achieving and maintaining stable persistency rates. We plan to achieve this by 1) substantially increasing our field force and increasing their utilization of predictive analytics, 2) launching branded direct-to-consumer campaigns, and 3) deploying an omni-channel strategy to bring DAYBUE clinical data to life by leveraging the growing body of real world experience, including updated data from the ongoing LOTUS study. Based on the number of Rett syndrome patients in the U.S., we believe there remains a substantial opportunity for new patient adoption. We estimate that between 5,500 and 5,800 people suffer from Rett Syndrome in the U.S. We estimate a prevalent population of 6,000 to 9,000 people in the U.S.

•
Expand trofinetide to markets outside the U.S. for the treatment of patients with Rett syndrome. 
We intend to make trofinetide available in markets outside the U.S. where Rett syndrome remains a significant unmet medical need as DAYBUE is the only currently approved treatment for Rett syndrome worldwide, and is currently only approved in the United States and Canada. In the European Union, where we estimate a prevalent population of 9,000 to 12,000 Rett syndrome patients, we filed our marketing authorization application (MAA) with the European Medicines Agency (EMA) in January 2025 and are building out our launch team in anticipation of a potential approval in the first quarter of 2026. We anticipate initial revenues from managed access programs in certain European Union countries sometime in 2025. In Japan, where we estimate a prevalent population of 1,000 to 2,000 Rett syndrome patients, we are engaged in ongoing discussions with the Pharmaceuticals and Medical Devices Agency (PMDA) and anticipate initiating a small Phase 3 study by the third quarter of 2025 to support a future MAA to that regulatory agency. In Canada, where we estimate a prevalent population of 600 to 900 Rett syndrome patients, Health Canada granted marketing authorization of DAYBUE in October 2024 and we anticipate first commercial sales in Canada by the third quarter of this year.

•
Advance our late-stage product candidates to drive further growth.
 We have an ongoing Phase 3 study of ACP-101 in PWS and a Phase 2 study of ACP-204 in ADP. We plan to initiate an additional Phase 2 study of ACP-204 in LBDP in the third quarter of 2025. In 2026, we plan to initiate a Phase 2 study of ACP-711 in essential tremor.

•
Develop our early-stage product candidates and other business development opportunities.
 We have a deep and diverse early-stage portfolio of product candidates that includes disclosed and undisclosed programs focused on neuropsychiatric and neuro-rare diseases that we believe represent significant opportunities to continue to build on our current growth. We continue to look to add product candidates to the portfolio through business development.

In addition, we are investing in the development of four core strategic capabilities to support and accelerate our growth over the long term. These capabilities form the foundation of our operational strategy and are designed to enhance our competitive position, drive innovation, and meet the evolving needs of patients worldwide. The four core capabilities in which we are investing are:

1.
Precision Medicine
. We are focused on integrating strategies that address the variability in patients’ responses to therapies by identifying and incorporating the use of targeted biomarkers at the early stages of drug development. Through the incorporation of precision medicine, we aim to increase the likelihood of clinical success, enhance treatment outcomes, and reduce overall development costs.

2.
Data Innovation
. We plan to leverage advanced technologies, including artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning (ML) throughout our business from discovery through commercialization. By utilizing these tools, we hope to generate, analyze, and apply data in innovative ways to enhance the efficiency and effectiveness of our operations in ways that ultimately drive growth and improve patient outcomes.

4

3.
Globalization
. We are building targeted capabilities beyond the United States including in the European Union, Japan and Canada in order to meet patient needs on a global scale.  

4.
Patient Empowerment
. We seek to engage with patients, caregivers and advocacy organizations and incorporate their feedback into our drug development and commercialization efforts. By creating an integrated ecosystem of our patients, caregivers and advocates, our goal is to transform patient feedback and needs into actionable plans for product development and support.

Our Pipeline

NUPLAZID (pimavanserin) as a Treatment for Parkinson’s Disease Psychosis

Pimavanserin is a chemical entity that we discovered and developed. NUPLAZID is a selective serotonin inverse agonist/antagonist preferentially targeting the 5-HT
2A
 receptor, a key serotonin receptor that plays an important role in psychosis. Through this novel mechanism, NUPLAZID demonstrated significant efficacy in reducing the hallucinations and delusions associated with PDP without negatively impacting motor function in our Phase 3 pivotal trial. NUPLAZID has the potential to avoid many of the debilitating side effects of existing antipsychotics, none of which are approved by the FDA in the treatment of PDP. We hold worldwide commercialization rights to NUPLAZID for all indications and have established a broad patent portfolio, which includes numerous issued patents in the United States, Europe, and several additional countries. NUPLAZID is available in 34 mg capsule and 10 mg tablet dosage forms.

Parkinson’s disease is the second most common neurodegenerative disorder after Alzheimer’s disease. According to the Parkinson’s Disease Foundation, about one million people in the United States and more than 10 million people globally suffer from this disease and this number is projected to increase to over 12 million by 2040. Approximately 50% of Parkinson’s patients will experience psychosis over the course of their disease. We estimate that approximately 130,000 Parkinson’s disease patients are treated with an atypical antipsychotic annually in the United States. Of these patients, we estimate that approximately 20% are currently being treated with NUPLAZID.

Parkinson’s disease is more common in people over 60 years of age and the prevalence of this disease is expected to increase significantly as the population ages. At this time, the fastest growing neurological disorder in the world is Parkinson’s disease. The development of psychosis in patients with Parkinson’s disease substantially contributes to the burden of Parkinson’s disease and deeply affects their quality of life. PDP is associated with a diminished quality of life, nursing home placement, and increased caregiver stress and burden.

5

NUPLAZID was approved by the FDA in April 2016 for the treatment of hallucinations and delusions associated with PDP. It is the only drug approved in the United States for this condition and is marketed under the tradename NUPLAZID in the United States.

As the first and only drug approved by the FDA for the treatment of hallucinations and delusions associated with PDP, NUPLAZID provides an innovative approach to the treatment of PDP without compromising motor control and potentially avoiding many of the debilitating side effects of existing antipsychotics.

In connection with the FDA approval of NUPLAZID, we agreed to four post-marketing commitments. All four commitments have now been fulfilled within the agreed upon timelines.

Other Indications Recently Evaluated with Pimavanserin

In March 2024 we reported top-line results from a Phase 3 study of pimavanserin for the treatment of the negative symptoms of schizophrenia. Pimavanserin did not demonstrate a statistically significant improvement over placebo on the study’s primary endpoint, the change from baseline to week 26 on the Negative Symptom Assessment-16. The safety and tolerability profile of pimavanserin was consistent with previous clinical trials, showing a low rate of adverse events.

In October 2024 we completed a Phase 2 trial to evaluate the efficacy and safety of pimavanserin for the treatment of irritability associated with autism spectrum disorder in pediatric populations. The trial did not meet either of its primary or secondary endpoints. With the completion of the trial, we believe we now have completed the FDA’s requirements to qualify for a pediatric exclusivity for pimavanserin. If the pediatric exclusivity is granted, exclusivity of the NUPLAZID franchise would be extended by six months.

We do not intend to further explore pimavanserin in these or any additional indications.

DAYBUE (trofinetide)

as a Treatment for Rett Syndrome

Trofinetide is a novel synthetic analog of the amino-terminal tripeptide of insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1) designed to treat the core symptoms of Rett syndrome by reducing neuroinflammation and supporting synaptic function. We acquired an exclusive North American license to develop and commercialize trofinetide from Neuren Pharmaceuticals Limited (Neuren) in August 2018. In July 2023, we expanded the 2018 licensing agreement with Neuren to acquire rights to trofinetide outside of North America as well as global rights to Neuren’s development candidate NNZ-2591 in Rett syndrome and Fragile X syndrome. Trofinetide has been granted FDA Fast Track Status and Orphan Drug Designation in the U.S. and Orphan Designation in Europe.

Rett syndrome is a debilitating neurological disorder that occurs primarily in females following apparently normal development for the first six months of life. Rett syndrome has been most often misdiagnosed as autism, cerebral palsy, or non-specific developmental delay. Rett syndrome is caused by mutations on the X chromosome on a gene called MECP2. There are more than 200 different mutations found on the MECP2 gene that interfere with its ability to generate a normal gene product. Rett syndrome occurs worldwide in approximately one of every 10,000 to 15,000 female births causing problems in brain function that are responsible for cognitive, sensory, emotional, motor and autonomic function. Typically, between six to eighteen months of age, patients experience a period of rapid decline with loss of purposeful hand use and spoken communication and inability to independently conduct activities of daily living. Symptoms also include seizures, disorganized breathing patterns, an abnormal side-to-side curvature of the spine (scoliosis) and sleep disturbances. Based on 2024 claims data, we estimate that between 5,500 and 5,800 people are diagnosed with Rett Syndrome in the U.S. We estimate a prevalent population of 6,000 to 9,000 people in the U.S.

In March 2023, the FDA approved DAYBUE for the treatment of Rett syndrome, making it the first and only drug approved for this condition. DAYBUE became available for prescription in the United States in April 2023. The FDA approval of DAYBUE for the treatment of Rett syndrome was based on the positive results from our pivotal Phase 3 LAVENDER
™
 study which demonstrated statistically significant and clinically meaning improvement over placebo for both co-primary endpoints in the study as well as the key secondary endpoint of the study.

In addition, we were granted a Rare Pediatric Disease Priority Review Voucher (PRV) following the FDA approval of DAYBUE. In December 2024, we completed the sale of our PRV for $150 million before fees and expenses, of which we paid Neuren one-third of the net proceeds, pursuant to the license agreement between the companies.

6

In connection with the FDA approval of DAYBUE, we are required to conduct post-marketing work, including a nonclinical carcinogenicity studies and nonclinical in vitro studies.

In October 2024, Health Canada granted marketing authorization of DAYBUE (trofinetide) for the treatment of Rett syndrome in adult and pediatric patients two years of age and older under the Priority Review process, making DAYBUE the first and only drug approved in Canada for the treatment of Rett syndrome.

In January 2025, we announced the submission of a MAA with the EMA.  Based on typical review timelines, we expect to receive approval for this submission in the first quarter of 2026.

ACP-101 as a Treatment for Prader-Willi syndrome

Carbetocin nasal spray (ACP-101) is an investigational drug being developed for the treatment of hyperphagia in PWS. Carbetocin has improved drug qualities relative to oxytocin, including an extended half-life and greater specificity for the oxytocin receptor compared to vasopressin receptors which could provide meaningful efficacy with an attractive safety profile in patients with PWS. For the treatment of PWS specifically, a central nervous system disorder, an intranasal formulation of carbetocin was developed, which provides direct delivery of the drug to the brain, allowing for reduced systemic exposure and the potential for side effects. We acquired Levo Therapeutics and worldwide rights to carbetocin nasal spray in June 2022. Carbetocin nasal spray has been granted Orphan Drug, Fast Track, and Rare Pediatric Disease designations by the FDA.

PWS is a rare neurobehavioral genetic disorder that affects both males and females. PWS is estimated to affect approximately 1 in 15,000 to 1 in 25,000 live births worldwide, or 8,000 to 10,000 patients in the United States. PWS affects the functioning of the hypothalamus and other aspects of the brain with symptoms varying by individual. The most common symptom is hyperphagia, which is an unrelenting lack of satiety, to which a deficiency in oxytocin is believed to be contributory. Oxytocin is a natural hormone that regulates several functions in the body, including hunger, anxiety, social behavior and bonding. Individuals living with PWS have fewer oxytocin-producing neurons in the brain. Other defining features of the syndrome may include altered metabolism, developmental delays, behavioral challenges and moderate cognitive deficits. Patients may also experience bone disorders, high pain tolerance, sleep disturbances, gastrointestinal issues, respiratory and temperature regulation abnormalities. There is no FDA-approved treatment for the hyperphagia associated with PWS.

In the fourth quarter of 2023, we initiated the Phase 3 COMPASS PWS study evaluating the efficacy and safety of ACP-101 for the treatment of hyperphagia in PWS. COMPASS PWS is a 12-week, double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled global Phase 3 trial evaluating the efficacy and safety of carbetocin nasal spray 3.2 mg three times daily (TID) in approximately 170 children and adults aged five to 30 years with PWS. The primary efficacy endpoint of the study is change from baseline to week 12 on the hyperphagia questionnaire for clinical trials (HQ-CT) score, a caregiver assessment for hyperphagia-related behaviors. Participants who complete the Phase 3 study will be eligible to enroll in a long-term, open-label extension study, COMPASS OLE, designed to investigate the safety and tolerability of long-term treatment with ACP-101.

We expect to complete enrollment in our Phase 3 COMPASS PWS study in in the fourth quarter of 2025 and subsequently report top-line results sometime in the first half of 2026.  In the event of positive trial results, we believe ACP-101 has the potential for FDA approval in the fourth quarter of 2026.

ACP-204

ACP-204 is a new chemical entity targeting the serotonergic system, compared with most antipsychotics on the market today which are thought to work predominantly through blocking dopamine and in particular, the dopamine D2 receptor. ACP-204 features a combination of structural changes compared with pimavanserin and reduced off-target effects along with equal or increased potency. Specifically with ACP-204, we believe we may have an opportunity to maximize the efficacy potential, while reducing the risk of QT prolongation.

7

ACP-204 as a Treatment for Alzheimer’s Disease Psychosis

An estimated over 6.0 million people in the United States are living with Alzheimer’s disease dementia and studies suggest that approximately 30% of them, or 1.8 million people, have psychosis, commonly consisting of delusions and hallucinations. Approximately 800,000 to 850,000 patients in the United States are currently treated for ADP and of those treated, approximately two-thirds are treated with off-label anti-psychotics.

Symptoms of ADP are often persistent and may occur with increasing frequency with progression of disease as patients become more impaired. Serious consequences have been associated with persistent or severe psychosis in persons with dementia such as repeated hospital admissions, earlier progression to nursing home care, severe dementia, and death. There are currently no FDA-approved treatments for ADP. Off-label use of typical and atypical antipsychotics is associated with modest and often equivocal efficacy in these patients. In addition, use of currently available antipsychotics is associated with a significant acceleration in cognitive decline in patients with dementia as well as numerous off-target toxicities, thus negatively impacting the primary illness. The cognitive effects of treatment with an atypical antipsychotic were evaluated in the National Institute of Mental Health Clinical Antipsychotic Trials of Intervention Effectiveness–Alzheimer’s Disease (CATIE-AD) study. In this study, patients on any atypical antipsychotic had significantly greater rates of decline in cognitive function compared to patients on placebo. This pronounced negative impact of currently used antipsychotics on cognitive function is believed to be associated with the common pharmacologic property of these drugs, namely blocking of dopamine receptors. Atypical antipsychotics are associated with a number of off-target and dose-limiting side effects, such as extrapyramidal symptoms, orthostatic hypotension, hematologic abnormalities, and metabolic, gastrointestinal and sedative effects. These off-target toxicities are associated with increased risk for falls, infection, aspiration pneumonia, and other serious complications in this vulnerable patient population. With no approved therapies for the treatment of patients with ADP and current off-label use of atypical antipsychotics carrying significant morbidity risks including worsening in cognitive decline and other off target toxicities, we believe that ADP represents an area of high unmet need.

We completed Phase 1 studies of ACP-204 in over 200 patients; data to date support its target product profile as a potential treatment for ADP.

In the fourth quarter of 2023, we initiated the Phase 2 RADIANT study of ACP-204 for the treatment of hallucinations and delusions associated with ADP. The Phase 2 RADIANT study is part of a Phase 2 / Phase 3 program that includes three studies: a single Phase 2 study and two Phase 3 studies which have almost identical design. The Phase 2 RADIANT study is a global, multi-center, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial that will enroll approximately 318 patients and evaluate ACP-204 30 mg and 60 mg doses compared to placebo. The primary endpoint is change from baseline to week 6 on the Scale for the Assessment of Positive Symptoms–Hallucinations and Delusions subscales (SAPS-H+D) total score. The clinical trial sites will enroll seamlessly from Phase 2 into Phase 3. Patients who complete the study will have the option of participating in our LUMINOUS long-term open-label extension study.

We expect to complete enrollment in the Phase 2 RADIANT study in the first quarter of 2026 and subsequently report top-line results around mid-2026.

ACP-204 as a Treatment for Lewy Body Dementia with Psychosis

In January 2025, we announced plans to evaluate ACP-204 for the treatment of LBDP. LBDP is a progressive brain disorder that affects thinking, movement, mood and behavior. LBDP is associated with abnormal deposits of a protein called alpha-synuclein in the brain.

There are no approved therapies for LBDP. More than 1 million people in the United States may be living with Lewy Body Dementia, of which an estimated 50% to 75% experience psychosis during the course of the disease. We estimate that approximately 200,000 of these patients are being treated with antipsychotics today. We plan to initiate a Phase 2 study in LBDP in the third quarter of 2025.

ACP-711 as a Treatment for Essential Tremor

In November 2024, we entered into an exclusive worldwide license agreement with Saniona A/S (Saniona) for the development and commercialization of ACP-711 (formerly SAN711). We intend to study ACP-711 as a potential treatment for essential tremor. ACP-711 is a highly selective GABA
A
-α3 positive allosteric modulator. Under the terms of the license agreement, Saniona received $28 million upfront plus potential milestone payments of up to $582 million. In addition, Saniona is eligible to receive tiered royalties of mid-single digits to low double digits on net sales of commercial products

8

that may result from development of ACP-711. The potential milestone payments to Saniona consist of up to $147 million subject to achievement of development and commercial milestones related to potential first and second indications, and up to $435 million subject to achievement of thresholds of annual net sales of ACP-711 worldwide. Acadia will lead further clinical development, regulatory submissions, and global commercialization efforts for ACP-711 while also providing financial support for Saniona’s ongoing Phase 1 study and preparations for Phase 2.

Essential tremor is a neurological disorder that causes involuntary shaking in the hands, head, voice, and sometimes the legs. Approximately 7 million people in the United States suffer from this disorder and an estimated 1 million people are being treated for it with some form of medication. Due to the limited treatment options available to sufferers of essential tremor, we see an opportunity to provide much needed innovation for this disorder.

We plan to initiate a Phase 2 study of ACP-711 in essential tremor in 2026 after completion of an ongoing Phase 1 study.

Early-stage Research Programs and Product Candidates

ACP-211

ACP-211 is a NMDA receptor agonist being evaluated for potential use in the treatment of Treatment-resistant depression (TRD), major depressive disorder (MDD) and other potential rare CNS indications and is in Phase 1.

ACP-2591

ACP-2591 is a cGP analogue for which we obtained global rights to evaluate for use in Rett syndrome and Fragile X syndrome from Neuren as part of our expanded licensing agreement in July 2023.  ACP-2591 is currently in Phase 1 development
.

ACP-271

ACP-271 is a GPR88 agonist being evaluated in neurology and is currently in the IND-enabling stage.

Antisense Oligonucleotide (ASO) Programs

In January 2022, we entered into a license and collaboration with Stoke Therapeutics, Inc. (Stoke) to discover, develop and commercialize novel RNA-based medicines for the potential treatment of severe and rare genetic neurodevelopmental diseases of the CNS. The collaboration includes three programs: SYNGAP1 syndrome, Rett syndrome (MECP2) and an undisclosed CNS target of mutual interest. The programs are currently in various stages of discovery.

Competition

We face, and will continue to face, intense competition from pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, as well as numerous academic and research institutions and governmental agencies, both in the United States and abroad. We compete, or will compete, with existing and new products being developed by our competitors. Some of these competitors have products or are pursuing the development of pharmaceuticals that target the same diseases and conditions that our research and development programs target.

For example, the use of NUPLAZID for the treatment of PDP competes with off-label use of various antipsychotic drugs, including the generic drugs quetiapine, clozapine, risperidone, aripiprazole, and olanzapine.

DAYBUE competes indirectly with off-label usage of branded and generic prescription medications targeted at individual symptoms of Rett syndrome, including antiepileptics, antipsychotics, antidepressants and benzodiazepines. In addition, Anavex has a product, Anavex 2-73, in development for the potential treatment of Rett syndrome and Taysha Gene Therapies is conducting clinical trials of a gene therapy to treat Rett syndrome. Neurogene started an early phase clinical trial of its investigational adeno-associated virus gene therapy candidate, NGN-401, delivered using intracerebroventricular administration to treat Rett Syndrome. Several academic institutions and pharmaceutical companies are currently conducting clinical trials for the treatment of various symptoms of Rett syndrome, including Unravel Bio and Vanderbilt University Medical Center, which are jointly conducting an early stage study with vorinostat (RVL-001).

9

Other competitors may have a variety of drugs in development or awaiting approval from the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities that could reach the market and become established before we have a product to sell for the applicable disorder. Our competitors may also develop alternative therapies that could further limit the market for any drugs that we may develop. Many of our competitors are using technologies or methods different or similar to ours to identify and validate drug targets and to discover and develop drug candidates. Many of our competitors and their collaborators have significantly greater experience than we do in the following:

•
identifying and validating targets;

•
screening compounds against targets;

•
preclinical studies and clinical trials of potential pharmaceutical products;

•
obtaining FDA and other regulatory approvals; and

•
commercializing pharmaceutical products.

In addition, many of our competitors and their collaborators have substantially greater advantages in the following areas:

•
capital resources;

•
research and development resources;

•
manufacturing capabilities; 

•
sales and marketing; and

•
production and testing facilities.

Smaller companies also may prove to be significant competitors, particularly through proprietary research discoveries and collaboration arrangements with large pharmaceutical and established biotechnology companies. Many of our competitors have products that have been approved or are in advanced development and may develop superior technologies or methods to identify and validate drug targets and to discover novel small molecule drugs. We face competition from other companies, academic institutions, governmental agencies and other public and private research organizations for collaborative arrangements with pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, in recruiting and retaining highly qualified scientific, sales and marketing, and management personnel and for licenses to additional technologies. Our competitors, either alone or with their collaborators, may succeed in developing technologies or drugs that are more effective, safer, more affordable, or more easily administered than ours and may achieve patent protection or commercialize drugs sooner than us. Our competitors may also develop alternative therapies that could further limit the market for any drugs that we may develop. Our failure to compete effectively could have a material adverse effect on our business.

Intellectual Property

We currently hold approximately 54 issued U.S. patents and a significant number of related issued foreign patents. We have also exclusively licensed rights to an additional 23 issued U.S. patents, and a number of related foreign patents. Patents and other proprietary intellectual property rights are an essential element of our business. Our strategy is to file patent applications in the United States and any other country that represents an important potential commercial market to us. In addition, we seek to protect our technology and inventions (and improvements to inventions) that are important to the development of our business. Our patent applications claim proprietary technology, including chemical synthetic or manufacturing methods, drug assays, novel compounds, compositions, formulations and methods of treatment. We also rely upon trade secrets, including technologies that may be used to discover and validate targets, to identify and develop novel drugs, as well as manufacturing or clinical development technologies, among others. We protect our trade secrets by, among other things, requiring employees and third parties who have access to our proprietary information to sign confidentiality and nondisclosure agreements. We are a party to various license agreements that give us rights to use certain technologies in our research and development, subject to certain limitations.

10

Pimavanserin

We currently hold 26 U.S. patents that relate to pimavanserin, NUPLAZID and methods of use of pimavanserin. Ten of these are Orange Book-listed patents that relate to pimavanserin, NUPLAZID and our approved indication, and cover the general formula of the compound, the composition of matter, with claims specifically directed to pimavanserin and salts thereof, the specific polymorph form of pimavanserin, the approved formulations, and the use thereof for treating our approved indication. The composition of matter patent covering pimavanserin and salts thereof currently has an expiration date in 2030, including a patent term extension approved by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. The patents covering the polymorph form and the use of pimavanserin or NUPLAZID for our approved indication are currently set to expire between 2024 and 2028. These patent terms include adjustments made by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, but not extensions.

In the United States, under the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984, commonly known as “Hatch-Waxman,” we are permitted to extend the term of one U.S. patent for pimavanserin or the use thereof. Patent terms may be subject to change not only due to potential patent term extensions but also to any terminal disclaimer that reduces patent term, as well as other factors. Because the U.S. patent laws and judicial interpretations thereof change, modifications or new interpretations of the laws may impact our patent terms.

The remaining 16 U.S. patents relating to pimavanserin that have been issued to us cover methods of use of pimavanserin, salts and methods of manufacturing pimavanserin. We also have foreign patents that cover pimavanserin and polymorphs in Europe and Asia as well as in Australia, Canada, Mexico and other countries.

We continue to prosecute patent applications directed to pimavanserin, formulations of pimavanserin, methods of manufacturing, and to methods of treating various diseases using pimavanserin, either alone or in combination with other agents, worldwide. For example, in late 2019 and in 2020, we obtained and listed in the Orange Book six additional U.S. issued patents, two patents directed to method of use for our 10 mg tablet, expiring in 2037, and four patents directed to our 34 mg capsule formulation, each expiring in 2038.

Trofinetide

We currently hold the exclusive licenses to 8 U.S. patents from Neuren that relate to trofinetide, methods of manufacturing and methods of use of trofinetide. We also hold a U.S. patent to crystalline trofinetide. Three of the U.S. patents are listed in the Orange Book, including a patent claiming the use of trofinetide for treating Rett syndrome. The use patent for treating Rett syndrome has an expiration date in 2032. Subject to a patent term extension request, the expiration date of such patent may be extended to January 2036. We also hold the exclusive licenses to issued foreign patents that relate to the use of trofinetide in Europe and Asia as well as in Australia, Canada, Mexico and other countries.

Under the license agreement with Neuren, we continue to file and prosecute patent applications directed to trofinetide, formulations of trofinetide, methods of manufacturing and methods of treating Rett syndrome using trofinetide.

ACP-101

We currently hold one U.S. patent for methods of use of ACP-101 in PWS, and we hold licenses from Ferring International Center SA to one U.S. patent to ACP-101 for use in PWS. Those patents expire in 2035 and 2039, respectively. These patent terms include adjustments made by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, but not extensions. We hold and license a significant number of foreign patents relating to the use of ACP-101 in PWS, including in Europe and Japan.

We continue to file and prosecute patent applications directed to ACP-101 worldwide.

ACP-204

We currently hold two U.S. patents that relate to ACP-204 and methods of use of ACP-204. The patents cover the general formula of the compound, the composition of matter (with claims specifically directed to ACP-204 and salts thereof), and the use thereof for treating certain indications, including ADP and LBDP. The composition of matter patent covering ACP-204 and salts thereof currently has an expiration date in 2038. These patent terms include adjustments made by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, but not extensions. We also hold issued foreign patents in Australia, China and Japan.

We continue to file and prosecute patent applications directed to ACP-204 worldwide.

11

ACP-711

We currently hold the exclusive licenses to one U.S. patent that relates to ACP-711 from Saniona A/S, with claims specifically directed to ACP-711 and salts thereof. The composition of matter patent covering ACP-711 and salts thereof currently has an expiration date in 2039. This parent term includes adjustments made by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, but not extensions. We also hold the exclusive licenses to issued foreign patents in Europe, parts of Asia and Mexico, as well as other countries.

We continue to file and prosecute patent applications directed to ACP-711 worldwide.

Government Regulation

Our business activities, including the manufacturing and marketing of our products and any future approved products and our ongoing research and development activities, are subject to extensive regulation by numerous governmental authorities in the United States and other countries. Before marketing in the United States, any new drug developed by us must undergo rigorous preclinical testing, clinical trials and an extensive regulatory clearance process implemented by the FDA under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, as amended. The FDA regulates, among other things, the development, testing, manufacture, safety, efficacy, record keeping, labeling, storage, approval, advertising, promotion, import, export, sale and distribution of biopharmaceutical products. The regulatory review and approval process, which includes preclinical testing and clinical trials of each product candidate, is lengthy, expensive and uncertain. Moreover, government coverage and reimbursement policies will both directly and indirectly impact our ability to successfully commercialize our current products and any future approved products, and such coverage and reimbursement policies will be impacted by enacted and any applicable future healthcare reform and drug pricing measures. In addition, we are subject to state and federal laws, including, among others, anti-kickback laws, false claims laws, data privacy and security laws, and transparency laws that restrict certain business practices in the pharmaceutical industry.

In the United States, drug product candidates intended for human use undergo laboratory and animal testing until adequate proof of safety is established. Clinical trials for new product candidates are then typically conducted in humans in three sequential phases that may overlap. Phase 1 trials involve the initial introduction of the product candidate into healthy human volunteers. The emphasis of Phase 1 trials is on testing for safety or adverse effects, dosage, tolerance, metabolism, distribution, excretion and clinical pharmacology. Phase 2 involves studies in a limited patient population to determine the initial efficacy of the compound for specific targeted indications, to determine dosage tolerance and optimal dosage, and to identify possible adverse side effects and safety risks. Once a compound shows initial evidence of effectiveness and is found to have an acceptable safety profile in Phase 2 evaluations, Phase 3 trials are undertaken to more fully evaluate clinical outcomes. Before commencing clinical investigations in humans, we or our collaborators must submit an Investigational New Drug Application (IND), to the FDA.

Regulatory authorities, Institutional Review Boards and Data Monitoring Committees may require additional data before allowing the clinical studies to commence, continue or proceed from one phase to another, and could demand that the studies be discontinued or suspended at any time if there are significant safety issues. Clinical testing must also meet requirements for clinical trial registration, institutional review board oversight, informed consent, health information privacy, and good clinical practices (GCPs). Additionally, the manufacture of our drug product must be done in accordance with current good manufacturing practices (cGMPs).

To establish a new product candidate’s safety and efficacy, the FDA requires companies seeking approval to market a drug product to submit extensive preclinical and clinical data, along with other information, for each indication for which the product will be labeled. The data and information are submitted to the FDA in the form of a New Drug Application (NDA), which must be accompanied by payment of a significant user fee unless a waiver or exemption applies. Generating the required data and information for an NDA takes many years and requires the expenditure of substantial resources. Information generated in this process is susceptible to varying interpretations that could delay, limit or prevent regulatory approval at any stage of the process. The failure to demonstrate adequately the quality, safety and efficacy of a product candidate under development would delay or prevent regulatory approval of the product candidate. Under applicable laws and FDA regulations, each NDA submitted for FDA approval is given an internal administrative review within 60 days following submission of the NDA. If deemed sufficiently complete to permit a substantive review, the FDA will “file” the NDA. The FDA can refuse to file any NDA that it deems incomplete or not properly reviewable. The FDA has established internal goals of eight months from submission for priority review of NDAs that cover new product candidates that offer major advances in treatment or provide a treatment where no adequate therapy exists, and 12 months from submission for the standard review of NDAs. However, the FDA is not legally required to complete its review within these periods, these

12

performance goals may change over time and the review is often extended by FDA requests for additional information or clarification. Moreover, the outcome of the review, even if generally favorable, may not be an actual approval but a “complete response letter” that describes additional work that must be done before the NDA can be approved. Before approving an NDA, the FDA can choose to inspect the facilities at which the product is manufactured and will not approve the product unless the manufacturing facility complies with cGMPs. The FDA may also audit sites at which clinical trials have been conducted to determine compliance with GCPs and data integrity. The FDA’s review of an NDA may also involve review and recommendations by an independent FDA advisory committee, particularly for novel indications. The FDA is not bound by the recommendation of an advisory committee.

In addition, delays or rejections may be encountered based upon changes in regulatory policy, regulations or statutes governing product approval during the period of product development and regulatory agency review.

Before receiving FDA approval to market a potential product, we or our collaborators must demonstrate through adequate and well-controlled clinical studies that the potential product is safe and effective in the patient population that will be treated. In addition, under the Pediatric Research Equity Act (PREA), an NDA or supplement to an NDA must contain data or a plan to collect such data to assess the safety and effectiveness of the drug for the claimed indications in all relevant pediatric subpopulations and to support dosing and administration for each pediatric subpopulation for which the product is safe and effective, unless a waiver applies. If regulatory approval of a potential product is granted, this approval will be limited to those disease states and conditions for which the product is approved. Marketing or promoting a drug for an unapproved indication is generally prohibited. Furthermore, FDA approval may entail ongoing requirements for risk management, including post-marketing, or Phase 4, studies. Even if approval is obtained, each marketed product, is subject to payment of a significant annual program user fee and continuing review and periodic inspections by the FDA. Discovery of previously unknown problems with a product, manufacturer or facility may result in restrictions on the product or manufacturer, including labeling changes, warning letters, costly recalls or withdrawal of the product from the market.

Any drug is likely to produce some toxicities or undesirable side effects in animals and in humans when administered at sufficiently high doses and/or for sufficiently long periods of time. Unacceptable toxicities or side effects may occur at any dose level at any time in the course of studies in animals designed to identify unacceptable effects of a product candidate, known as toxicological studies, or during clinical trials of our potential products. The appearance of any unacceptable toxicity or side effect could cause us or regulatory authorities to interrupt, limit, delay or abort the development of any of our product candidates. Further, such unacceptable toxicity or side effects could ultimately prevent a potential product’s approval by the FDA or foreign regulatory authorities for any or all targeted indications or limit any labeling claims and market acceptance, even if the product is approved.

In addition, as a condition of approval, the FDA may require an applicant to develop a risk evaluation and mitigation strategy (REMS). A REMS uses risk minimization strategies beyond the professional labeling to ensure that the benefits of the product outweigh the potential risks. To determine whether a REMS is needed, the FDA will consider the size of the population likely to use the product, seriousness of the disease, expected benefit of the product, expected duration of treatment, seriousness of known or potential adverse events, and whether the product is a new molecular entity. REMS can include medication guides, physician communication plans for healthcare professionals, and elements to assure safe use (ETASU). ETASU may include, but are not limited to, special training or certification for prescribing or dispensing, dispensing only under certain circumstances, special monitoring, and the use of patient registries. The FDA may require a REMS before approval or post-approval if it becomes aware of a serious risk associated with use of the product. The requirement for a REMS can materially affect the potential market and profitability of a product.

We and our collaborators and contract manufacturers also are required to comply with the applicable FDA GMP regulations. cGMP regulations include requirements relating to quality control and quality assurance as well as the corresponding maintenance of records and documentation. Manufacturing facilities are subject to inspection by the FDA. These facilities must be approved before we can use them in commercial manufacturing of our potential products and must maintain ongoing compliance for commercial product manufacture, testing, storage and distribution. The FDA may conclude that we or our collaborators or contract manufacturers are not in compliance with applicable cGMP requirements and other FDA regulatory requirements, which may result in delay or failure to approve applications, warning letters, product recalls and/or imposition of fines or penalties.

13

If a product is approved, we must also comply with post-marketing requirements, including, but not limited to, compliance with advertising and promotion laws enforced by various government agencies, including the FDA’s Office of Prescription Drug Promotion, and through such laws as federal and state anti-fraud and abuse laws, including anti-kickback and false claims laws, healthcare information privacy and security laws, post-marketing safety surveillance, and disclosure of payments or other transfers of value to healthcare professionals and entities. In addition, we are subject to other federal and state regulation including, for example, the implementation of corporate compliance programs.

In order to distribute products commercially, we must comply with state laws that require the registration of manufacturers and wholesale distributors of pharmaceutical products in a state, including, in certain states, manufacturers and distributors who ship products into the state even if such manufacturers or distributors have no place of business within the state. Some states also impose requirements on manufacturers and distributors to establish the pedigree of product in the chain of distribution, including some states that require manufacturers and others to adopt new technology capable of tracking and tracing product as it moves through the distribution chain.

Coverage and Reimbursement

Sales of our products and our product candidates, if approved, depend and will depend, in part, on the extent to which such products will be covered by third-party payors, such as government health care programs, commercial insurance and managed healthcare organizations. These third-party payors are increasingly limiting coverage and/or reducing reimbursements for medical products and services. A third-party payor’s decision to provide coverage for a drug product does not imply that an adequate reimbursement rate will be approved. Further, one payor’s determination to provide coverage for a drug product does not ensure that other payors will also provide coverage for the drug product. Coverage policies and third-party payor reimbursement rates may change at any time. Therefore, even if favorable coverage and reimbursement status is attained for one or more products for which we receive marketing approval, less favorable coverage policies and reimbursement rates may be implemented in the future. In addition, the U.S. government, state legislatures and foreign governments have continued implementing cost-containment programs, including price controls, restrictions on reimbursement and requirements for substitution of generic products. Adoption of price controls and cost-containment measures, and adoption of more restrictive policies in jurisdictions with existing controls and measures, could further limit our net revenue and results. Decreases in third-party payor reimbursement or a decision by a third-party payor to not cover our products or any other future approved products could reduce physician usage of our products, and have a material adverse effect on our sales, results of operations and financial condition.

In the United States, the Medicare Part D program provides a voluntary outpatient drug benefit to Medicare beneficiaries for certain products. Our products are available for coverage under Medicare Part D, but the individual Part D plans offer coverage subject to various factors such as those described above. In addition, while Medicare Part D plans have historically included “all or substantially all” drugs in the following designated classes of “clinical concern” on their formularies: anticonvulsants, antidepressants, antineoplastics, antipsychotics, antiretrovirals, and immunosuppressants, the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS), has in the past proposed, but not adopted, changes to this policy. If this policy is changed in the future and if CMS no longer considers the antipsychotic class to be of “clinical concern,” Medicare Part D plans would have significantly more discretion to reduce the number of products covered in that class, including coverage of our products. Furthermore, private third-party payors often follow Medicare coverage policies and payment limitations in setting their own coverage policies.

Healthcare Laws and Regulations

We are subject to healthcare regulation and enforcement by the federal government and the states and foreign governments in which we conduct our business. The healthcare laws and regulations that may affect our ability to operate include the following:

•
The federal Anti-Kickback Statute makes it illegal for any person or entity to knowingly and willfully, directly or indirectly, solicit, receive, offer, or pay any remuneration that is in exchange for or to induce the referral of business, including the purchase, order, lease of any good, facility, item or service for which payment may be made under a federal healthcare program, such as Medicare or Medicaid. The term “remuneration” has been broadly interpreted to include anything of value.

•
Federal false claims and false statement laws, including the federal civil False Claims Act, and civil monetary penalties laws, prohibit, among other things, any person or entity from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, for payment to, or approval by, federal programs, including Medicare and Medicaid, claims for items or services, including drugs, that are false or fraudulent.

14

•
The U.S. federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA), created additional federal criminal statutes that prohibit among other actions, knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program, including private third-party payors or making any false, fictitious or fraudulent statement in connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits, items or services.

•
HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009 (HITECH), and their implementing regulations, imposes obligations on covered entities, including certain healthcare providers, health plans, and healthcare clearinghouses, and their respective business associates that create, receive, maintain or transmit individually identifiable health information for or on behalf of a covered entity as well as their covered subcontractors, with respect to safeguarding the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information. In addition, the European Union (EU) and United Kingdom (UK) have each established their own data security and privacy legal framework, including but not limited to the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/79 and the so-called “UK GDPR” (together, the GDPR), which contain provisions specifically directed at the processing of health information, higher sanctions than previously applicable data protection laws and extra-territoriality measures intended to bring non-EU/-UK companies’ processing operations under the scope of these regulations in certain circumstances (including where the relevant processing relates to the monitoring of behaviors of individuals in the EU/UK – such as in the context of the conduct of a clinical trial). We currently conduct clinical trials in the EU and the UK and will need to be compliant with these requirements. We anticipate that over time we may expand our business operations to include additional operations in the EU and/or UK. With such expansion, we could be subject to increased governmental regulation in the territories in which we might operate.

•
The federal Physician Payments Sunshine Act requires certain manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children’s Health Insurance Program, with specific exceptions, to report annually to CMS information related to payments or other transfers of value made to physicians (as defined to include doctors of medicine, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists and chiropractors by such law), other healthcare professionals (such as physician assistants and nurse practitioners), and teaching hospitals, as well as ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members.

Also, many U.S. states have similar laws and regulations, such as anti-kickback and false claims laws that may be broader in scope and may apply regardless of payor, in addition to items and services reimbursed under Medicaid and other state programs. Additionally, we may be subject to state laws that require pharmaceutical companies to comply with the federal government’s and/or pharmaceutical industry’s voluntary compliance guidelines, state laws that require drug manufacturers to report information related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians and other healthcare providers or marketing expenditures, state laws that require drug manufacturers to report information on the pricing of certain drugs, state and local laws that require the registration of pharmaceutical sales representatives, as well as state and foreign laws governing the privacy and security of health information, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and often are not preempted by HIPAA.

If we are found to be in violation of any of these laws or any other federal or state regulations, we may be subject to significant administrative, civil and/or criminal penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, imprisonment, exclusion from federal health care programs, additional reporting requirements and/or oversight, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations.

Additionally, to the extent that our product is sold in a foreign country, we may be subject to similar foreign laws.

Healthcare Reform

The United States and some foreign jurisdictions are considering or have enacted a number of legislative and regulatory proposals to change the healthcare system in ways that could affect our ability to sell our products profitably. By way of example, in March 2010, Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act (collectively, the ACA) was signed into law, which intended to broaden access to health insurance, reduce or constrain the growth of healthcare spending, enhance remedies against fraud and abuse, add transparency requirements for the healthcare and health insurance industries, impose taxes and fees on the health industry and impose additional health policy reforms.

15

There have been amendments and executive, judicial and Congressional challenges to certain aspects of the ACA. For example, on August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (IRA) was signed into law, which among other things, extends enhanced subsidies for individuals purchasing health insurance coverage in ACA marketplaces through plan year 2025. The IRA also eliminates the “donut hole” under the Medicare Part D program beginning in 2025 by significantly lowering the beneficiary maximum out-of-pocket cost and creating a new manufacturer discount program. It is possible that the ACA will be subject to additional challenges in the future. It is unclear how such challenges and the healthcare reform measures of the current administration will impact the ACA.

Other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted in the United States since the ACA. Through the process created by the Budget Control Act of 2011, there are automatic reductions of Medicare payments to providers up to 2% per fiscal year, which went into effect in April 2013 and, due to subsequent legislative amendments, including the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act, will remain in effect through 2032 unless additional Congressional action is taken. Additionally, on March 11, 2021, the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 was signed into law, which eliminates the statutory Medicaid drug rebate cap, currently set at 100% of a drug’s average manufacturer price, for single source and innovator multiple source drugs, beginning January 1, 2024.

Moreover, recently there has been heightened governmental scrutiny over the manner in which manufacturers set prices for their commercial products. There have been several recent U.S. Congressional inquiries and proposed and enacted federal and state legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to drug pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, reduce the cost of drugs under Medicare, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drugs. For example, the IRA, among other things, (1) directs the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) to negotiate the price of certain single-source drugs that have been on the market for at least 7 years covered under Medicare (the Medicare Drug Price Negotiation Program) and (2) imposes rebates under Medicare Part B and Medicare Part D to penalize price increases that outpace inflation. These provisions began to take effect progressively in fiscal year 2023. On August 15, 2024, HHS announced the agreed-upon price of the first ten drugs that were subject to price negotiations, although the Medicare Drug Price Negotiation Program is currently subject to legal challenges. HHS will select up to fifteen additional drugs covered under Part D for negotiation in 2025. Each year thereafter more Part B and Part D products will become subject to the Medicare Drug Price Negotiation Program. On December 7, 2023, an initiative to control the price of prescription drugs through the use of march-in rights under the Bayh-Dole Act was announced. On December 8, 2023, the National Institute of Standards and Technology published for comment a Draft Interagency Guidance Framework for Considering the Exercise of March-In Rights which for the first time includes the price of a product as one factor an agency can use when deciding to exercise march-in rights. While march-in rights have not previously been exercised, it is uncertain if that will continue under the new framework.

At the state level, legislatures have increasingly passed legislation and implemented regulations designed to control pharmaceutical and biological product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. For example, on January 5, 2024, the FDA approved Florida’s proposal to import certain drugs from Canada for specific state healthcare programs. It is unclear if and how this program will be implemented and whether it will be subject challenges in the United States or Canada. Other states have also submitted proposals that are pending review by the FDA. Any such approved importation plans, if implemented, may result in lower drug prices for products covered by those programs.

We expect that healthcare reform measures that may be adopted in the future may result in more rigorous coverage criteria and lower reimbursement, and additional downward pressure on the price that we receive for our products and any future approved products. We cannot predict what healthcare reform initiatives may be adopted in the future.

Europe / Rest of World Government Regulation

Outside of the United States, our ability to market a product is contingent upon receiving a marketing authorization from the appropriate regulatory authorities. The requirements governing the conduct of clinical trials, marketing authorization, pricing and reimbursement vary widely from country to country. If the regulatory authority is satisfied that adequate evidence of safety, quality and efficacy has been presented, marketing authorization will be granted. This foreign regulatory approval process involves all of the risks associated with FDA marketing approval discussed above. In addition, foreign regulations may include applicable post-marketing requirements, including safety surveillance, anti-fraud and abuse laws, and implementation of corporate compliance programs and reporting of payments or other transfers of value to healthcare professionals and entities.

16

For other countries outside of the EU, such as countries in Eastern Europe, Latin America or Asia, the requirements governing the conduct of clinical trials, product licensing, pricing and reimbursement vary from country to country. In all cases, the clinical trials must be conducted in accordance with GCPs and the applicable regulatory requirements and the ethical principles that have their origin in the Declaration of Helsinki.

If we or our potential collaborators fail to comply with applicable foreign regulatory requirements, we may be subject to, among other things, fines, suspension, variation or withdrawal of regulatory approvals, product recalls, seizure of products, operating restrictions and criminal prosecution.

Clinical Trials in the EU

Similarly to the United States, the various phases of non-clinical and clinical research in the EU are subject to significant regulatory controls. In the EU, clinical trials are governed by the Clinical Trials Regulation (EU) No 536/2014 (CTR), which entered into application on January 31, 2022 repealing and replacing the former Clinical Trials Directive 2001/20 (CTD).

The CTR is intended to harmonize and streamline clinical trial authorizations, simplify adverse-event reporting procedures, improve the supervision of clinical trials and increase transparency. Specifically, the CTR, which is directly applicable in all EU Member States, introduces a streamlined application procedure through a single-entry point, the “EU portal”, the Clinical Trials Information System (CTIS); a single set of documents to be prepared and submitted for the application; as well as simplified reporting procedures for clinical trial sponsors. A harmonized procedure for the assessment of applications for clinical trials has been introduced and is divided into two parts. Part I assessment is led by the competent authorities of a reference EU Member State selected by the trial sponsor and relates to clinical trial aspects that are considered to be scientifically harmonized across EU Member States. This assessment is then submitted to the competent authorities of all concerned EU Member States in which the trial is to be conducted for their review. Part II is assessed separately by the competent authorities and Ethics Committees in each concerned EU Member State. Individual EU Member States retain the power to authorize the conduct of clinical trials on their territory.

The CTR foresaw a three-year transition period that ended on January 31, 2025. Since this date, all new or ongoing trials are subject to the provisions of the CTR.

In all cases, clinical trials must be conducted in accordance with GCPs and the applicable regulatory requirements and the ethical principles that have their origin in the Declaration of Helsinki. Medicines used in clinical trials, including advanced therapy medicinal products, must be manufactured in accordance with the guidelines on cGMP and in a GMP-licensed facility, which can be subject to GMP inspections.

EU Review and Approval Process of Medicinal Products

In the EU, medicinal products can only be commercialized after a related marketing authorization (MA) has been granted. To obtain an MA for a product in the EU, an applicant must submit a MAA either under a centralized procedure administered by the EMA, or one of the procedures administered by the competent authorities of EU Member States (decentralized procedure, national procedure or mutual recognition procedure). An MA may be granted only to an applicant established in the EU.

The centralized procedure provides for the grant of a single MA by the European Commission that is valid throughout the EEA (which is comprised of the 27 EU Member States plus Norway, Iceland and Liechtenstein). Pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 726/2004, the centralized procedure is compulsory for specific products, including for (i) medicinal products derived from biotechnological processes, (ii) products designated as orphan medicinal products, (iii) advanced therapy medicinal products and (iv) products with a new active substance indicated for the treatment of HIV/AIDS, cancer, neurodegenerative diseases, diabetes, auto-immune and other immune dysfunctions and viral diseases. For products with a new active substance indicated for the treatment of other diseases and products that are highly innovative or for which a centralized process is in the interest of patients, authorization through the centralized procedure is optional on related approval.

Under the centralized procedure, the EMA’s Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP) conducts the initial assessment of a product. The CHMP is also responsible for several post-authorization and maintenance activities, such as the assessment of modifications or extensions to an existing MA. The maximum timeframe for the evaluation of an MAA under the centralized procedure is 210 days, excluding clock stops when additional information or written or oral explanation

17

is to be provided by the applicant in response to questions of the CHMP. Accelerated assessment may be granted by the CHMP in exceptional cases, when a medicinal product targeting an unmet medical need is expected to be of major interest from the point of view of public health and, in particular, from the viewpoint of therapeutic innovation. If the CHMP accepts a request for accelerated assessment, the time limit of 210 days will be reduced to 150 days (excluding clock stops). The CHMP can, however, revert to the standard time limit for the centralized procedure if it considers that it is no longer appropriate to conduct an accelerated assessment.

Unlike the centralized authorization procedure, the decentralized MA procedure requires a separate application to, and leads to separate approval by, the competent authorities of each EU Member State in which the product is to be marketed. This application is identical to the application that would be submitted to the EMA for authorization through the centralized procedure. The reference EU Member State prepares a draft assessment and drafts of the related materials within 120 days after receipt of a valid application. The resulting assessment report is submitted to the concerned EU Member States who, within 90 days of receipt, must decide whether to approve the assessment report and related materials. If a concerned EU Member State cannot approve the assessment report and related materials due to concerns relating to a potential serious risk to public health, disputed elements may be referred to the Heads of Medicines Agencies’ Coordination Group for Mutual Recognition and Decentralised Procedures—Human (CMDh) for review. The subsequent decision of the European Commission is binding on all EU Member States.

The mutual recognition procedure allows companies that have a medicinal product already authorized in one EU Member State to apply for this authorization to be recognized by the competent authorities in other EU Member States. Like the decentralized procedure, the mutual recognition procedure is based on the acceptance by the competent authorities of the EU Member States of the MA of a medicinal product by the competent authorities of other EU Member States. The holder of a national MA may submit an application to the competent authority of an EU Member State requesting that this authority recognize the MA delivered by the competent authority of another EU Member State.

An MA has, in principle, an initial validity of five years. The MA may be renewed after five years on the basis of a re-evaluation of the risk-benefit balance by the EMA or by the competent authority of the EU Member State in which the original MA was granted. To support the application, the MA holder must provide the EMA or the competent authority with a consolidated version of the Common Technical Document providing up-to-date data concerning the quality, safety and efficacy of the product, including all variations introduced since the MA was granted, at least nine months before the MA ceases to be valid. The European Commission or the competent authorities of the EU Member States may decide on justified grounds relating to pharmacovigilance, to proceed with one further five-year renewal period for the MA. Once subsequently definitively renewed, the MA shall be valid for an unlimited period. Any authorization which is not followed by the actual placing of the medicinal product on the EU market (for a centralized MA) or on the market of the authorizing EU Member State within three years after authorization ceases to be valid (the so-called sunset clause).

Innovative products that target an unmet medical need and are expected to be of major public health interest may be eligible for a number of expedited development and review programs, such as the Priority Medicines (PRIME) scheme, which provides incentives similar to the breakthrough therapy designation in the U.S. PRIME is a voluntary scheme aimed at enhancing the EMA’s support for the development of medicinal products that target unmet medical needs. Eligible products must target conditions for which there is an unmet medical need (there is no satisfactory method of diagnosis, prevention or treatment in the EU or, if there is, the new medicinal product will bring a major therapeutic advantage) and they must demonstrate the potential to address the unmet medical need by introducing new methods of therapy or improving existing ones. Benefits accrue to sponsors of product candidates with PRIME designation, including but not limited to, early and proactive regulatory dialogue with the EMA, frequent discussions on clinical trial designs and other development program elements, and potentially accelerated MAA assessment once a dossier has been submitted.

In the EU, a “conditional” MA may be granted in cases where all the required safety and efficacy data are not yet available. The European Commission may grant a conditional MA for a medicinal product if it is demonstrated that all of the following criteria are met: (i) the benefit-risk balance of the medicinal product is positive; (ii) it is likely that the applicant will be able to provide comprehensive data post-authorization; (iii) the medicinal product fulfils an unmet medical need; and (iv) the benefit of the immediate availability to patients of the medicinal product is greater than the risk inherent in the fact that additional data are still required. The conditional MA is subject to conditions to be fulfilled for generating the missing data or ensuring increased safety measures. It is valid for one year and must be renewed annually until all related conditions have been fulfilled. Once any pending studies are provided, the conditional MA can be converted into a traditional MA. However, if the conditions are not fulfilled within the timeframe set by the EMA and approved by the European Commission, the MA will cease to be renewed.

18

An MA may also be granted “under exceptional circumstances” where the applicant can show that it is unable to provide comprehensive data on efficacy and safety under normal conditions of use even after the product has been authorized and subject to specific procedures being introduced. These circumstances may arise in particular when the intended indications are very rare and, in the state of scientific knowledge at that time, it is not possible to provide comprehensive information, or when generating data may be contrary to generally accepted ethical principles. Like a conditional MA, an MA granted in exceptional circumstances is reserved to medicinal products intended to be authorized for treatment of rare diseases or unmet medical needs for which the applicant does not hold a complete data set that is required for the grant of a standard MA. However, unlike the conditional MA, an applicant for authorization in exceptional circumstances is not subsequently required to provide the missing data. Although the MA “under exceptional circumstances” is granted definitively, the risk-benefit balance of the medicinal product is reviewed annually, and the MA will be withdrawn if the risk-benefit ratio is no longer favorable.

Pediatric Development in the EU

In the EU, Regulation (EC) No 1901/2006 provides that all MAAs for new medicinal products have to include the results of trials conducted in the pediatric population, in compliance with a pediatric investigation plan (PIP) agreed with the EMA’s Pediatric Committee (PDCO). The PIP sets out the timing and measures proposed to generate data to support a pediatric indication of the medicinal product for which MA is being sought. The PDCO can grant a deferral of the obligation to implement some or all of the measures provided in the PIP until there are sufficient data to demonstrate the efficacy and safety of the product in adults. Further, the obligation to provide pediatric clinical trial data can be waived by the PDCO when these data are not needed or appropriate because the product is likely to be ineffective or unsafe in children, the disease or condition for which the product is intended occurs only in adult populations, or when the product does not represent a significant therapeutic benefit over existing treatments for pediatric patients. Once the MA is obtained in all EU Member States and study results are included in the product information, even when negative, the product is eligible for a six-month extension to the Supplementary Protection Certificate, if any is in effect at the time of authorization or, in the case of orphan medicinal products, a two-year extension of orphan market exclusivity.

Data and Market Exclusivity in the EU

The EU provides opportunities for data and market exclusivity related to MAs. Upon receiving an MA, innovative medicinal products are generally entitled to receive eight years of data exclusivity and ten years of market exclusivity. Data exclusivity, if granted, prevents regulatory authorities in the EU from referencing the innovator’s data to assess a generic application or biosimilar application for eight years from the date of authorization of the innovative product, after which a generic or biosimilar MAA can be submitted, and the innovator’s data may be referenced. The market exclusivity period prevents a successful generic or biosimilar applicant from commercializing its product in the EU until 10 years have elapsed from the initial MA of the reference product in the EU. The overall ten-year period may, occasionally, be extended for a further year to a maximum of 11 years if, during the first eight years of those ten years, the MA holder obtains an authorization for one or more new therapeutic indications which, during the scientific evaluation prior to their authorization, are held to bring a significant clinical benefit in comparison with existing therapies. However, there is no guarantee that a product will be considered by the EU’s regulatory authorities to be a new chemical/biological entity, and products may not qualify for data exclusivity.

In the EU, there is a special regime for biosimilars, or biological medicinal products that are similar to a reference medicinal product but that do not meet the definition of a generic medicinal product. For such products, the results of appropriate preclinical or clinical trials must be provided in support of an application for MA. Guidelines from the EMA detail the type of quantity of supplementary data to be provided for different types of biological product.

Pricing, Coverage and Reimbursement

In the EU, pricing and reimbursement schemes vary widely from country to country. Some EU Member States may approve a specific price for a product, or they may instead adopt a system of direct or indirect controls on the profitability of the company placing the product on the market. Other EU Member States allow companies to fix their own prices for products but monitor and control prescription volumes and issue guidance to physicians to limit prescriptions.

Moreover, in order to obtain reimbursement for our products in some European countries, including some EU Member States, we may be required to compile additional data comparing the cost-effectiveness of our products to other available therapies. This Health Technology Assessment (HTA) of medicinal products is becoming an increasingly common part of the pricing and reimbursement procedures in some EU Member States, including those representing the larger markets. The HTA

19

process is the procedure to assess therapeutic, economic and societal impact of a given medicinal product in the national healthcare systems of the individual country. The outcome of an HTA will often influence the pricing and reimbursement status granted to these medicinal products by the competent authorities of individual EU Member States. The extent to which pricing and reimbursement decisions are influenced by the HTA of the specific medicinal product currently varies between EU Member States. In December 2021, Regulation No 2021/2282 on HTA, was adopted in the EU. This regulation, which entered into application on January 12, 2025 and has a phased implementation, is intended to boost cooperation among EU Member States in assessing health technologies, including new medicinal products, and providing the basis for cooperation at EU level for joint clinical assessments in these areas. This regulation permits EU Member States to use common HTA tools, methodologies, and procedures across the EU, working together in four main areas, including joint clinical assessment of the innovative health technologies with the most potential impact for patients, joint scientific consultations whereby developers can seek advice from HTA authorities, identification of emerging health technologies to identify promising technologies early, and continuing voluntary cooperation in other areas. Individual EU Member States continue to be responsible for assessing non-clinical (e.g., economic, social, ethical) aspects of health technologies, and making decisions on pricing and reimbursement.

Marketing

Much like the Anti-Kickback Statute prohibition in the United States, as described below, the provision of benefits or advantages to physicians and other health care professionals to induce or encourage the prescription, recommendation, endorsement, purchase, supply, order or use of medicinal products is also prohibited in the EU. Interactions between pharmaceutical companies and health care professionals are governed by strict laws, such as national anti-bribery laws of European countries, national sunshine rules, regulations, industry self-regulation codes of conduct and physicians’ codes of professional conduct. Failure to comply with these requirements could result in reputational risk, public reprimands, administrative penalties, fines or imprisonment. Infringement of related laws could result in substantial fines and imprisonment.

Payments made to physicians and other health care professionals in certain EU Member States must be publicly disclosed. Moreover, agreements with health care professionals may require prior notification or approval by the health care professional’s employer, his or her competent professional organization and/or the regulatory authorities of the individual EU Member States. Failure to comply with these requirements could result in reputational risk, public reprimands, administrative penalties, fines or imprisonment.

Manufacturing and Distribution

We currently outsource, and plan to continue to outsource, manufacturing activities for our products and our existing and future product candidates for development and commercial purposes. We believe this manufacturing strategy will enable us to direct our financial resources to our commercial activities and to the ongoing development of pimavanserin, trofinetide and other product candidates without devoting the substantial resources and capital required to build manufacturing facilities.

We licensed worldwide intellectual property rights related to pimavanserin in certain indications to Acadia Pharmaceuticals GmbH, our wholly-owned Swiss subsidiary (Acadia GmbH). Our active pharmaceutical ingredient (API) has been manufactured in Switzerland for over 10 years and we anticipate continuing to manufacture in Switzerland. Acadia GmbH manages the worldwide supply chain of our pimavanserin API, and maintains sufficient inventory in our Switzerland contract warehouse.

Acadia GmbH has contracted with Siegfried AG (Siegfried), to manufacture the pimavanserin API for use in NUPLAZID drug product for commercial sale. Under the manufacturing agreement, Acadia GmbH has agreed to purchase specified percentages of our commercial requirements of the pimavanserin API at a predefined price. The parties may also agree in the future on additional services under the manufacturing agreement with respect to non-commercial supply or development activities. The initial term of the manufacturing agreement ended in December 2021, but the agreement automatically renewed twice, each time for a two-year term, and it will automatically renew for subsequent two-year terms unless either party provides timely notice of its intent not to renew, or unless the manufacturing agreement is terminated earlier pursuant to its terms. Either party may terminate the manufacturing agreement prior to expiration upon an uncured material breach by the other party, upon the dissolution or liquidation of the other party, the commencement of insolvency procedures that are not dismissed within a certain period of time, the appointment of any receiver, trustee or assignee to take possession of the properties of the other party or the cessation of all or substantially all of the other party's business operations, upon certain continuing patent infringement, regulatory litigation or other legal proceedings involving the manufacture of our API, upon a continuing force majeure affecting the other party, or if no services are currently being

20

provided under the manufacturing agreement. Additionally, if the parties agree on development services under the manufacturing agreement, the parties may terminate such services by mutual agreement if reasonable efforts to achieve the goals of such services fail. Acadia GmbH also may terminate any services under the manufacturing agreement for any reason on 90 days’ prior notice to Siegfried, subject to the requirements of the manufacturing agreement.

We have contracted with Patheon Pharmaceuticals Inc. (Patheon), a subsidiary of Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc., to manufacture NUPLAZID 10 mg tablet and 34 mg capsule drug product for commercial use in the United States. We have also contracted with a second contract manufacturing organization to manufacture NUPLAZID 34 mg drug product for commercial use in the United States. Under the manufacturing agreement with Patheon, we have agreed to purchase from Patheon a specified percentage of our commercial requirements of NUPLAZID for the United States. Under the agreement, Patheon will also perform specified validation services. The initial term of the manufacturing agreement ended in the first quarter of 2023, but the agreement automatically renewed for a two-year term and will automatically renew for subsequent two-year terms unless either party provides timely notice of its intent not to renew, or unless the manufacturing agreement is terminated early pursuant to its terms. Each party may terminate the manufacturing agreement prior to expiration upon the uncured material breach by the other party, upon the bankruptcy or insolvency of the other party or in the event of a continuing force majeure event affecting the other party. The manufacturing agreement will also terminate if we provide notice to Patheon that we no longer require manufacturing services because NUPLAZID has been discontinued. Additionally, we may terminate the manufacturing agreement, subject to certain limitations, if any regulatory authority takes any action or raises any objection that prevents us from continuing to commercialize NUPLAZID or takes an enforcement action against Patheon’s manufacturing site that relates to NUPLAZID or could reasonably be expected to adversely affect Patheon’s ability to supply NUPLAZID, if we determine to discontinue commercialization of NUPLAZID for safety or efficacy reasons, or if Patheon uses any debarred person in performing its service obligations under the manufacturing agreement. We also may terminate the manufacturing agreement for any other reason on three years’ prior notice to Patheon. Patheon may terminate the manufacturing agreement if we assign the manufacturing agreement or any of our rights under the manufacturing agreement to a Patheon competitor.

We sell NUPLAZID to a limited number of specialty pharmacies (SPs), and specialty distributors (SDs), which we collectively refer to as our customers. SPs subsequently dispense NUPLAZID to patients based on the fulfillment of a prescription and SDs subsequently sell NUPLAZID to government facilities, long-term care pharmacies, and in-patient hospital pharmacies. Four of such customers, each based in the United States, accounted for approximately 73% of our NUPLAZID product revenue and 48% of our total product revenue for the year ended December 31, 2024. We have retained third-party logistics service providers to perform a variety of functions related to the distribution of NUPLAZID, including warehousing, customer service, order-taking, invoicing, collections, and shipment and returns processing.

We have contracted with manufacturers to produce supplies of trofinetide to support the development program and for commercial sale. We have contracted with Corden Pharma Bergamo S.p.A. (Corden), to manufacture the API for trofinetide products. Under the manufacturing agreement with Corden, we have agreed to purchase from Corden the API for trofinetide products at specified price per volume and a specified percentage of our commercial requirements of trofinetide API for the United States and Canada market. We and Corden may also agree in the future on additional services under the manufacturing agreement. The initial term of the manufacturing agreement will end in November 2027, but the agreement will automatically renew for subsequent two-year terms unless either party provides timely notice of its intent not to renew, or unless the manufacturing agreement is terminated early pursuant to its terms. Either party may terminate the manufacturing agreement prior to expiration upon an uncured material breach by the other party, upon the commencement of bankruptcy, reorganization, liquidation or receivership proceedings by or against the other party or the other party ceases for any reason to carry on its business or makes assignment for the benefit of its creditors, or is the subject of any proposal for a voluntary arrangement. Additionally, either party may terminate the manufacturing agreement on 12 months’ prior notice to the other party at any time.

We also have contracted with F.I.S. Fabbrica Italiana Sintetici S.p.A. (FIS) to manufacture the API for trofinetide products. Under the manufacturing agreement, we have the right to purchase from FIS the API for the trofinetide products at a specified price per volume. The parties may also agree in the future on additional services under the manufacturing agreement with respect to commercial testing and other manufacturing services. The initial term of the manufacturing agreement ended in December 2024, but the agreement automatically renewed for a two-year term and will automatically renew for subsequent two-year terms unless either party provides timely notice of its intent not to renew, or unless the manufacturing agreement is terminated earlier pursuant to its terms. Either party may terminate the manufacturing agreement prior to expiration upon an uncured material breach by the other party, upon the commencement of bankruptcy, reorganization, liquidation or receivership proceedings by or against the other party or the other party ceases for any reason to carry on its business or makes assignment for the benefit of its creditors, or is the subject of any proposal for a voluntary

21

arrangement. Additionally, either party may terminate the manufacturing agreement on 30 days’ prior notice to the other party at any time no services are being rendered under the manufacturing agreement. We also may terminate any services under the manufacturing agreement for any reason on 90 days’ prior notice to FIS, subject to the requirements of the manufacturing agreement.

Under the manufacturing agreement with Patheon described above, we also have the right to purchase trofinetide products for commercial use. In addition, we have contracted with CoreRx Inc. (CoreRx) to manufacture trofinetide products for commercial use. We and CoreRx may also agree in the future on additional services under the agreement. The initial term of the agreement will end in March 2028, but the agreement will automatically renew for subsequent two-year terms unless either party provides timely notice of its intent not to renew, or unless the agreement is terminated early pursuant to its terms. Either party may terminate the agreement prior to expiration upon an uncured material breach by the other party or upon the commencement of bankruptcy, reorganization, liquidation or receivership proceedings by or against the other party. In addition, we may terminate the agreement prior to expiration upon timely notice to CoreRx in event (i) any regulatory authority takes an enforcement or other regulatory action against CoreRx’s facility which affects CoreRx’s ability to process trofinetide products, (ii) any regulatory authority takes an action or raises any objection that prevents us from manufacturing, importing, exporting, purchasing or selling trofinetide products, or (iii) we determine to discontinue commercialization of trofinetide products in the U.S. due to safety or efficacy reasons.

We sell DAYBUE to a single wholesale distributor with specialty pharmacy service, which performs a variety of functions related to the distribution of DAYBUE, including warehousing, customer service, order-taking, shipment and returns processing.

If any product candidate is approved by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities for commercial sale, we will need to contract with a third party, which may be an existing service provider or a new service provider, to manufacture such product for commercial sale in the U.S. and/or other applicable jurisdictions.

Sales and Marketing

We have U.S. sales specialists that are focused on promoting NUPLAZID to physicians who treat PDP patients, including neurologists, psychiatrists and long-term care physicians. This sales force is supported by an experienced sales leadership team. Our experienced commercial team is comprised of experienced professionals in marketing, key account management, patient access services, commercial operations, and sales force planning and management. In addition, our commercial infrastructure includes capabilities in manufacturing, health outcomes, medical affairs, quality control, and compliance.

We launched NUPLAZID in May 2016, and our focus is to continue to establish NUPLAZID as the standard of care for patients with PDP. In order to help us achieve this goal, we are continuing to increase awareness of NUPLAZID’s benefits in PDP with a prescriber and patient education campaign consisting of key opinion leader speaker programs, attendance at medical meetings, digital outreach, multimedia campaigns, and direct-to-patient programs.

In addition, we have U.S. sales specialists that are focused on promoting DAYBUE to physicians who treat Rett syndrome patients, including those at Centers of Excellence, high volume institutions and in the community setting. The sales force is supported by an experienced sales leadership team. Our experienced commercial team is comprised of rare disease field-based specialists, patient access services, commercial operations, and sales force planning and management. In addition, our commercial infrastructure includes capabilities in manufacturing, health outcomes, medical affairs, quality control, and compliance.

We launched DAYBUE in April 2023, and our focus is to continue to establish DAYBUE as the standard of care for patients with Rett syndrome. In order to help us achieve this goal, we are continuing to increase awareness of DAYBUE’s benefits in Rett syndrome with a prescriber and patient education campaign consisting of key opinion leader speaker programs, attendance at medical meetings, digital outreach, and multimedia campaigns.

We also have support services including the Acadia Connect hub for physicians, patients and their families that provide broad resources to help with access, reimbursement and the continual clinical support to help patients start and stay on therapy. For healthcare providers and practices, Acadia Connect provides access and coverage support services, information on appropriate financial assistance options for eligible patients, and coordination of medication delivery to patients through our specialty pharmacy.

22

In selected markets outside of the United States in which DAYBUE may be approved, if any, we may choose to commercialize DAYBUE independently or by establishing one or more strategic alliances.

Long-Lived Assets

Our tangible long-lived assets are comprised of intangible assets and property and equipment. Our property and equipment totaled $4.2 million, $4.6 million, and $6.0 million as of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. All of our tangible long-lived assets are located in the United States. Our intangible assets, comprised of right-of-use assets and other intangibles acquired, totaled $166.4 million, $117.3 million and $55.6 million as of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.

Employees and Human Capital

Employees. 
At December 31, 2024, we had a total of 654 employees, 653 of whom were full-time. We employ physicians, scientists and professionals in research and development, regulatory, manufacturing, marketing, sales, finance, legal and other functions that are important to our business. We also will continue to use temporary workers in certain instances in order to maximize our employment flexibility in light of our business needs. Additionally, when we think it is in the best interest of our business, we will rely upon external advisers and consultants rather than our employees.

Employee Engagement, Benefits & Development. 
We believe that our future success is dependent upon our ability to recruit, hire and retain exceptional employees. We provide our employees with competitive cash compensation, opportunities to own equity, and an employee benefit program that promotes well-being, including wellness programs, healthcare, retirement planning and paid time off. We also provide employees with opportunities to continue their education and growth, including leadership development and tuition reimbursement. In order to receive feedback from our employees and evaluate our level of employee engagement, we regularly conduct employee surveys.

Diversity, Equity & Inclusion. 
We value diversity, equity, and inclusion across our workforce, in our communities, and in the work that we do. We will continue to focus on diversity, equity, and inclusion initiatives that support a culture that is centered on belonging while aligning with our shared corporate mission and values.