Item 1A. Risk Factors, including: “We and the third parties with whom we work are subject to stringent and evolving U.S. and foreign laws, regulations and rules, contractual obligations, industry standards, policies and other obligations related to data privacy and security. Our (or the third parties with whom we work) actual or perceived failure to comply with such obligations could lead to regulatory investigations or actions; litigation; fines and penalties; disruptions of our business operations; reputational harm; loss of revenue or profits; and other adverse business consequences.”; and “If our information technology systems or data, or those of third parties with whom we work, are or were compromised, we could experience adverse consequences resulting from such compromise, including but not limited to regulatory investigations or actions, interruptions to operations or clinical trials, reputational harm, litigation, fines and penalties, disruptions of our business operations, and a loss of customers or sales.”

58

Gove
rnance

Our board of directors addresses the Company’s cybersecurity risk management as part of its general oversight functio
n. 
The audit committee of the board of directors is responsible for overseeing the Company’s cybersecurity risk management processes, including oversight of mitigation of risks from cybersecurity threats.

Our cybersecurity risk assessment and management processes are implemented and maintained by certain Company management, including our 
Director of Information Security
, 
who has managed the Security Operations Center for a Fortune 500 company, and led cybersecurity efforts as the Director of IT at another organization. 
T
he Director of Information Security, along with management, including the CIO and CCO, is responsible for hiring appropriate personnel, helping to integrate cybersecurity risk considerations into the Company’s overall risk management strategy, and communicating key priorities to relevant personnel.

Management is responsible for approving budgets, helping prepare for cybersecurity incidents, approving cybersecurity processes, and reviewing security assessments and other security-related reports. 
Our incident response policy is designed to escalate certain cybersecurity incidents to members of management depending on the circumstances, including our CIO, Senior Vice President of Finance, CCO, Senior Vice President of People and Performance, and Director of Information Security. This team works with the Company’s incident response team to help the Company mitigate and remediate cybersecurity incidents of which they are notified.  In addition, the Company’s incident response policy includes 
reporting to the audit committee of the board of directors
 for certain cybersecurity incidents.
The audit committee receives periodic reports from senior management concerning the Company’s significant cybersecurity threats and risks and the processes the Company has implemented to address them.

Item 2. 
Pr
operties.

As of December 31, 2024, our primary facility consists of approximately 67,000 square feet of office space in San Diego, California. We also lease a facility in Princeton, New Jersey that covers approximately 25,000 square feet of office space, which is leased through January 2026. We believe that our existing facilities are adequate to meet our current needs, and that suitable additional alternative spaces will be available in the future on commercially reasonable terms.