Item 3.
Legal Proceedings
89
Item 4.
Mine Safety Disclosures
89
PART II
Item 5.
Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
90
Item 6.
[Reserved]
91
Item 7.
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
92
Item 7A.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
100
Item 8.
F
inancial 
S
tatement
s
 and Supplementary Data
100
Item 9.
Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
100
Item 9A.
Controls and Procedures
100
Item 9B
.
Other Information
103
Item 9C.
Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections
103
PART III

Item 10.
Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
104
Item 11.
Executive Compensation
104
Item 12.
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
104
Item 13.
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
104
Item 14.
Principal Accountant Fees and Services
104
PART IV 
Item 15.
Exhibit and 
Financial Statement
 Schedules 
105
Item 16.
Form 10-K Summary
105

Table of Contents
PART I
Forward-Looking Statements and Market Data
This annual report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this annual report, including, without limitation, statements regarding our future results of operations and financial position; business strategies and plans; research and development plans; the anticipated timing, costs, design and conduct of our ongoing and planned preclinical studies and clinical trials for our product candidates; the anticipated timing of release of data from our ongoing clinical trials; the potential benefits of certain regulatory designations; the timing and likelihood of regulatory filings and approvals for our product candidates; the potential safety and therapeutic benefits of our product candidates, whether based on data from our ongoing clinical trials or preclinical studies, or otherwise; the characterization of data produced from our ongoing clinical programs; our ability to commercialize our product candidates, if approved; the pricing and reimbursement of our product candidates, if approved; the timing and likelihood of success; plans and objectives of management for future operations; future results of anticipated product development efforts; and the anticipated impacts of any pandemics or epidemics, inflationary pressures, and any military conflict or other hostilities on our business, are forward-looking statements. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. This annual report on Form 10-K also contains estimates and other statistical data made by independent parties and by us relating to market size and growth and other data about our industry. This data involves a number of assumptions and limitations, and you are cautioned not to give undue weight to such estimates. In addition, projections, assumptions and estimates of our future performance and the future performance of the markets in which we operate are necessarily subject to a high degree of uncertainty and risk. 
In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as “may,” “will,” “should,” “expect,” “plan,” “anticipate,” “could,” “intend,” “target,” “project,” “contemplate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “predict,” “potential” or “continue” or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions. The forward-looking statements in this annual report are only predictions. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this annual report and are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including those described in Part I, Item 1A, “Risk Factors.” The events and circumstances reflected in our forward-looking statements may not be achieved or occur, and actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Moreover, we operate in an evolving environment. New risk factors and uncertainties may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for management to predict all risk factors and uncertainties. Except as required by applicable law, we do not plan to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements contained herein, whether as a result of any new information, future events, changed circumstances or otherwise. All forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement, which is made under the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.
This annual report includes trademarks, tradenames and service marks that are the property of other organizations. Solely for convenience, trademarks and tradenames referred to in this annual report may appear without the ® and ™ symbols, but those references are not intended to indicate, in any way, that we will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our rights, or that the applicable owner will not assert its rights, to these trademarks and tradenames. 
We maintain a website at www.aviditybiosciences.com, to which we regularly post copies of our press releases as well as additional information about us. Our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, are available free of charge through our website as soon as reasonably practicable after being electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. Information contained in our website does not constitute a part of this report or our other filings with the SEC.
1
Table of Contents