Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report. Given these uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements for any reason, even if new information becomes available in the future.

3

This Annual Report also contains estimates, projections, and other information concerning our industry, our business, and the markets for certain diseases, including data regarding the estimated size of those markets, and the incidence and prevalence of certain medical conditions. Information that is based on estimates, forecasts, projections, market research, or similar methodologies is inherently subject to uncertainties and actual events or circumstances may differ materially from events and circumstances reflected in this information. Unless otherwise expressly stated, we obtained such industry, business, market, and other data from reports, research surveys, studies, and similar data prepared by market research firms and other third parties, industry, medical and general publications, government data, and similar sources.

As used in this Annual Report, “Ultragenyx,” “we,” “our,” and similar terms refer to Ultragenyx Pharmaceutical Inc. and its subsidiaries, unless the context indicates otherwise.

PART I

Item 1.
 Bus
iness

Overview

We are a biopharmaceutical company committed to bringing novel products to patients for the treatment of serious rare and ultrarare genetic diseases. We have built a diverse portfolio of approved therapies and product candidates aimed at addressing diseases with high unmet medical need and clear biology for treatment, for which there are typically no approved therapies treating the underlying disease.

We were founded in April 2010 by our President and Chief Executive Officer, Emil Kakkis, M.D., Ph.D., and are led by a management team experienced in the development and commercialization of rare disease therapeutics. Our strategy is predicated upon time- and cost-efficient drug development, with the goal of delivering safe and effective therapies to patients with the utmost urgency.

Our Strategy

The critical components of our business strategy include the following:

•
Focus on rare and ultrarare genetic diseases with significant unmet medical need and clear biology.
 There are numerous rare and ultrarare genetic diseases that currently have no drug therapy approved that treat the underlying disease. Patients suffering from these diseases often have a significant morbidity and/or mortality. We focus on developing and commercializing therapies for multiple such indications with the utmost urgency. We also focus on diseases that have biology that is well understood. We believe that developing drugs that directly impact known disease pathways will increase the probability of success of our development programs. Our modalities of biologics, small molecules, adeno-associated virus, or AAV, gene therapy, and nucleic acids provide us with what we believe is an optimal set of options to treat genetic diseases by selecting the best treatment strategy available for each disease.

•
In-license promising product candidates; retain global commercialization rights to product candidates. 
Our current product candidates are generally in-licensed from academic institutions or derived from partnerships with other pharmaceutical companies. We believe parties agree to license product candidates to us because they are confident in our team’s expertise in rare disease drug development and commercialization. We generally intend to retain global commercialization rights to our products and product candidates whenever possible to maximize the potential value of our product portfolio. 

•
Focus on excellent, rapid, and efficient clinical and regulatory execution on multiple programs in parallel.
 We believe that building a successful and sustainable rare disease-focused company requires very specific expertise in the areas of patient identification, clinical study design and conduct, and regulatory strategy. Because rare disease programs involve fewer patients and may have accelerated paths to market, we are able to feasibly develop multiple clinical-stage product candidates in parallel, resulting in a more diversified portfolio that provides multiple opportunities to create value, with some economies of scale.

•
Commercialize through patient-focused global organization.
 We seek to commercialize our products throughout the developed world, in North America, the European Union, or the EU, the United Kingdom, or the U.K., Latin America, Turkey, Asia, and select international markets. We have established our own commercial organization in these markets and a network of third-party distributors in smaller markets. We believe our commercial organization is highly specialized and focused, due to the nature of rare disease treatment.

4

Approved Products and Clinical Product Candidates

Our current approved therapies and clinical-stage pipeline consist of four product categories: biologics, small molecules, AAV gene therapy, and nucleic acid product candidates.

We have four commercially approved products, Crysvita® (burosumab) for the treatment of X-linked hypophosphatemia, or XLH, and tumor-induced osteomalacia, or TIO, Mepsevii® (vestronidase alfa) for the treatment of mucopolysaccharidosis VII, or MPSVII or Sly Syndrome, Dojolvi® (triheptanoin) for the treatment of long-chain fatty acid oxidation disorders, or LC-FAOD, and Evkeeza® (evinacumab) for the treatment of homozygous familial hypercholesterolemia, or HoFH. The following table summarizes our approved products and pipeline of clinical product candidates:

5

Approved Products

Crysvita for the treatment of X-Linked Hypophosphatemia, or XLH, and Tumor-Induced Osteomalacia, or TIO

Crysvita is a fully human monoclonal antibody administered via subcutaneous injection, that targets fibroblast growth factor 23, or FGF23, developed for the treatment of XLH. XLH is a rare, hereditary, progressive, and lifelong musculoskeletal disorder characterized by renal phosphate wasting caused by excess FGF23 production. There are approximately 48,000 patients with XLH in the developed world, including approximately 36,000 adults and 12,000 children. Crysvita is the only approved treatment that addresses the underlying cause of XLH. Crysvita is approved in the U.S., the EU and certain other regions for the treatment of XLH in adult and pediatric patients one year of age and older.

Crysvita is also approved in the U.S. and certain other regions for the treatment of FGF23-related hypophosphatemia in TIO, associated with phosphaturic mesenchymal tumors that cannot be curatively resected or localized in adults and pediatric patients 2 years of age and older. There are approximately 2,000 to 4,000 patients with TIO in the developed world. TIO can lead to severe hypophosphatemia, osteomalacia, fractures, fatigue, bone and muscle pain, and muscle weakness.

We are collaborating with Kyowa Kirin Co., Ltd., or KKC, and Kyowa Kirin, a wholly owned subsidiary of KKC, on the development and commercialization of Crysvita globally.

Please see “—License and Collaboration Agreements—Approved Products— Kyowa Kirin Co., Ltd.” for a description of our collaboration and license agreement with KKC.

Mepsevii for the treatment of Mucopolysaccharidosis VII, or MPS VII

Mepsevii is an enzyme replacement therapy administered intravenously, or IV, that replaces the missing enzyme (beta-glucuronidase), developed for the treatment of MPS VII or Sly syndrome. MPS VII is a rare lysosomal storage disease that often leads to multi-organ dysfunction, pervasive skeletal disease, and death. MPS VII is one of the rarest MPS disorders, affecting an estimated 200 patients in the developed world. Mepsevii is approved in the U.S., the EU and certain other regions for the treatment of children and adults with MPS VII.

Please see “—License and Collaboration Agreements—Approved Products—Saint Louis University” for a description of our license agreement with Saint Louis University.

Dojolvi for the treatment of Long-chain Fatty Acid Oxidation Disorders, or LC-FAOD

Dojolvi is a highly purified, synthetic, 7-carbon fatty acid triglyceride administered orally, designed to provide medium-chain, odd-carbon fatty acids as an energy source and metabolite replacement, developed for people with LC-FAOD. LC-FAOD represents a set of rare metabolic diseases that prevents the conversion of fat into energy and can cause low blood sugar, muscle rupture, and heart and liver disease. Dojolvi is approved in the U.S. and certain other regions as a source of calories and fatty acids for the treatment of pediatric and adult patients with molecularly confirmed LC-FAOD. There are approximately 8,000 to 14,000 patients in the developed world with LC-FAOD.

In November 2024, we announced that we had received a positive finalized assessment report with agreement to file for Conditional Early Approval, or CEA, from Japan’s Pharmaceuticals and Medical Devices Agency, or PMDA, based on the currently available global clinical data for the product. With this feedback, we expect to file a Japan-New Drug Application for CEA in mid-2025.

Please see “—License and Collaboration Agreements—Approved Products—Baylor Research Institute” for a description of our license agreement with Baylor Research Institute.

Evkeeza for the treatment of Homozygous Familial Hypercholesterolemia, or HoFH

Evkeeza is a fully human monoclonal antibody administered by IV, that binds to and blocks the function of angiopoietin-like 3, or ANGPTL3, a protein that plays a key role in lipid metabolism, developed for the treatment of HoFH, a rare inherited condition. HoFH occurs when two copies of the genes causing familial hypercholesterolemia are inherited, one from each parent, resulting in dangerously high levels (>400 mg/dL) of low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol, or LDL-C, which is bad cholesterol. Patients with HoFH are at risk for premature atherosclerotic disease and cardiac events as early as their teenage years. Evkeeza is approved in the U.S., where it is marketed by our partner Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, or Regeneron. It is also approved in the European Economic Area, or EEA, Brazil and Japan as a first-in-class therapy for use together with diet and other LDL-C lowering therapies. In these regions, Evkeeza is generally approved to treat adults and adolescents aged five years and older with clinical HoFH. There are approximately 3,000 to 5,000 patients with HoFH in the developed world outside of the U.S.

Please see “—License and Collaboration Agreements—Approved Products—Regeneron” for a description of our license agreement with Regeneron.

6

Clinical Product Candidates

UX143 (setrusumab) for the treatment of Osteogenesis Imperfecta, or OI

UX143 (setrusumab) is a fully human monoclonal antibody administered by IV that inhibits sclerostin, a protein that acts on a key bone-signaling pathway by inhibiting the activity of bone-forming cells and promoting bone resorption. Setrusumab is being developed for the treatment of OI, or brittle bone disease, which is caused by variants in the 
COL1A1
 or 
COL1A2
 genes, leading to either reduced or abnormal collagen and changes in bone metabolism. There are an estimated 60,000 patients in the developed world affected by OI. UX143 has received orphan drug designation from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, and European Medicines Agency, or EMA, Rare Pediatric Disease designation and Breakthrough Designation from the FDA, and was accepted into the EMA’s Priority Medicines, or PRIME, program. Setrusumab is subject to our collaboration agreement with Mereo and is the lead clinical asset in our bone endocrinology franchise.

In April 2024, we announced all patients in the Phase 3 
Orbit
 and 
Cosmic
 studies had been enrolled. The Phase 3 portion of 
Orbit
 enrolled 159 patients and is a randomized placebo-controlled study evaluating the effect of setrusumab compared to placebo on the rate of annualized clinical fractures in patients aged five to less than 25 years. 
Cosmic 
enrolled 69 patients and is an active-controlled study evaluating the effect of setrusumab compared to intravenous bisphosphonate, or IV-BP, therapy on annualized total fracture rate in patients aged two to less than seven years.

In June 2024, we announced positive 14-month results from the Phase 2 portion of the ongoing Phase 2/3 
Orbit
 study demonstrating that, as of a May 24, 2024 data cut-off date, treatment with setrusumab continued to show statistically significant reductions in the incidence of fractures in patients with OI compared to the pre-treatment period. Treatment with setrusumab also resulted in ongoing and meaningful improvements in lumbar spine bone mineral density, or BMD, at month 12 without evidence of plateau.

As we announced in June 2024, the median annualized rate of radiologically confirmed fractures across all 24 patients in the two years prior to treatment was 0.72. Following a mean treatment duration period of 16 months, the median annualized fracture rate was reduced 67% to 0.00 (p=0.0014; n=24). The reduction in annualized fracture rates was associated with continued, clinically meaningful increases in BMD. Tests conducted at the 12-month timepoint demonstrated that treatment with setrusumab resulted in a mean increase in lumbar spine BMD from baseline of 22% (p<0.0001, n=19) across all age groups (five to less than 26 years old), a further improvement from 14% observed at six months of treatment. This increase in BMD is reflected in the change from the mean baseline lumbar spine BMD Z-score of -1.73 to -0.49 at 12 months across all age groups, a substantial normalization in Z-score of +1.25 (p<0.0001, n=18). This is further improved from the mean six-month Z-score change of +0.85. The improvements in BMD and Z-scores were statistically significant and consistent across all OI sub-types studied.

As of the May 24, 2024 data cut-off, there were no treatment-related serious adverse events observed in the study. Reported adverse events were generally consistent with those observed in the 
Asteroid
 study with infusion-related events and headache determined to be the most common adverse events related to the study drug. As of the data cut-off, there were no reported hypersensitivity reactions related to setrusumab.

In January 2025, we announced that the Phase 3 
Orbit
 study is progressing to the second interim analysis expected in mid-2025. Patients in the 
Cosmic
 study also continue to be treated with either setrusumab or IV-BP therapy and will be evaluated in parallel with the second 
Orbit
 interim analysis in mid-2025 and final analyses, if needed, in the fourth quarter of 2025.

Please see “—License and Collaboration Agreements—Clinical Product Candidates—Mereo” for a description of our license and collaboration agreement with Mereo.

GTX-102 for the treatment of Angelman Syndrome

GTX-102 is an antisense oligonucleotide, or ASO, administered by intrathecal injection that inhibits expression of the paternal 
UBE3A
 antisense. GTX-102 is being developed for the treatment of Angelman syndrome, a debilitating and rare neurogenetic disorder caused by loss-of-function of the maternally inherited allele of the 
UBE3A
 gene. There are an estimated 60,000 patients in the developed world affected by Angelman syndrome. GTX-102 has received Fast Track Designation, Orphan Drug Designation and Rare Pediatric Disease Designation from the FDA and has been accepted into the EMA’s PRIME program.

In January 2024, we announced that enrollment in the Expansion Cohorts had been completed in the Phase 1/2 study of GTX-102 for the treatment of Angelman syndrome. Across the Phase 1/2, including the Dose Escalation and Expansion Cohorts, there are a total of 74 patients enrolled in the Phase 1/2 study.

In April 2024, we presented interim data from the Phase 1/2 study at the 76th Annual American Academy of Neurology Meeting. Patients in Expansion Cohorts A & B treated with GTX-102 showed rapid and clinically meaningful improvement across multiple domains consistent with or exceeding Dose Escalation Cohorts 4-7 data at Day 170. Treatment of the Dose Escalation Cohorts 4-7 showed long-term increasing and sustained clinical benefit far exceeding Natural History data at Day 758.

7

In December 2024, we announced that enrollment began in the global Phase 3 
Aspire
 study, which is expected to enroll approximately 120 children ages four to 17 with Angelman syndrome with a genetically confirmed diagnosis of full maternal UBE3A gene deletion. Participants will be randomized 1:1 to receive GTX-102 by intrathecal injection via lumbar puncture or to the sham comparator group during the 48-week primary efficacy analysis period. The primary endpoint will be improvement in cognition assessed by Bayley-4 cognitive raw score, and the key secondary endpoint (with a 10% allocation of alpha) will be the Multi-domain Responder Index across the five domains of cognition, receptive communication, behavior, gross motor function, and sleep. Enrollment in the Phase 3 
Aspire
 study is expected to complete in the second half of 2025.

The Phase 2/3 
Aurora
 study, which will evaluate GTX-102 in other Angelman syndrome genotypes and ages, is expected to initiate in 2025.

Please see “—License and Collaboration Agreements—Clinical Product Candidates—GeneTx” for a description of our license agreement with GeneTx Biotherapeutics LLC, or GeneTx.

UX111 (rebisufligene etisparvovec) for the treatment of Sanfilippo syndrome type A or MPS IIIA

UX111 (formerly ABO-102) is an adeno-associated virus 9, or AAV9, gene therapy product candidate, administered by a one-time IV infusion that provides the cross-correcting enzyme that enables the breakdown of Heparan sulfate, or HS. UX111 is being developed for the treatment of patients with Sanfilippo syndrome type A, or MPS IIIA, a rare lysosomal storage disease with no approved treatment, which primarily affects the central nervous system. There are an estimated 3,000 to 5,000 patients in the developed world affected by Sanfilippo syndrome type A. The program was acquired through an exclusive license agreement with Abeona Therapeutics, or Abeona, that was announced in May 2022. The UX111 program has received Regenerative Medicine Advanced Therapy, or RMAT, Fast Track, Rare Pediatric Disease, and Orphan Drug Designations in the U.S., and PRIME and Orphan Medicinal Product designations in the EU.

In December 2024, we submitted a BLA to the FDA for UX111 supported by the available data, including from the ongoing pivotal Transpher A study. New clinical data were presented at WORLDSymposium™ 2025 in February 2025, that demonstrated treatment with UX111 led to a statistically significant improvement in the Bayley-III raw scores for the subdomains of cognition, receptive communication and expressive communication in patients with MPS IIIA compared to Natural History Data from untreated patients. These clinical endpoints were correlated with substantial and sustained reduction in levels of heparan sulfate in cerebrospinal fluid.

The FDA granted the BLA Priority Review with a Prescription Drug User Fee Act, or PDUFA, action date of August 18, 2025.

Please see “—License and Collaboration Agreements—Clinical Product Candidates—Abeona” for a description of our license agreement with Abeona.

DTX401 (pariglasgene brecaparvovec) for the treatment of Glycogen Storage Disease Type Ia, or GSDIa

DTX401 is an adeno-associated virus 8, or AAV8, gene therapy clinical candidate, administered by a one-time IV infusion that is designed to deliver stable expression and activity of G6Pase-α, an essential enzyme in glycogen and glucose metabolism. DTX401 is being developed for the treatment of patients with GSDIa, and is the most common genetically inherited glycogen storage disease, with an estimated 6,000 patients in the developed world. A Pediatric Investigation Plan, or PIP, was accepted by the EMA. The DTX401 program has received Rare Pediatric Disease, RMAT, Fast Track, and Orphan Drug designations in the U.S., and PRIME and Orphan Medicinal Product Designations in the EU.

In May 2024, we announced positive topline results from our Phase 3 
GlucoGene
 study for the treatment of patients aged eight years and older. The study achieved its primary endpoint, demonstrating that treatment with DTX401 resulted in a statistically significant and clinically meaningful reduction in daily cornstarch intake compared with placebo at Week 48.

In November 2024, we provided updated, longer-term Phase 3 data. After the 48-week primary efficacy analysis period, crossover patients (previously treated with placebo) were eligible to receive DTX401. As of the data cut-off, 12 crossover patients had reached Week 30 post-treatment and had a substantial 61.6% mean reduction of daily cornstarch at this early timepoint, double the rate of decrease when compared to patients in the original DTX401 treatment arm (n=20) at week 30 and that showed a mean 41.3% reduction at the end of the 48-weeks. Patients from the original DTX401 treatment arm who had reached 78 weeks are continuing to reduce their daily cornstarch intake, while maintaining glycemic control. DTX401 has demonstrated a consistent and acceptable safety profile with no new safety concerns identified as of the data cut-off.

These results have been discussed with regulatory authorities in a pre-BLA meeting and will be included as part of a BLA submission in mid-2025.

Please see “—License and Collaboration Agreements—Clinical Product Candidates—REGENXBIO Inc.” for a description of our license agreement with REGENXBIO Inc.

8

DTX301 (avalotcagene ontaparvovec) for the treatment of Ornithine Transcarbamylase, or OTC, deficiency	

DTX301 is an AAV8 gene therapy product candidate, administered by a one-time IV infusion that is designed to deliver stable expression and activity of the 
OTC
, gene. DTX301 is being developed for the treatment of patients with OTC deficiency, which is the most common urea cycle disorder, and there are approximately 10,000 patients in the developed world with OTC deficiency, of which we estimate approximately 80% are classified as late-onset, our target population. DTX301 has received Orphan Drug Designation in both the U.S. and in the EU and Fast Track Designation in the U.S.

In February 2025, we announced enrollment had been completed in the Phase 3 study of DTX301 for the treatment of OTC deficiency with a total of 37 patients randomized 1:1 to DTX301 or placebo. The co-primary endpoints are the percentage of patients who achieve a response as measured by the change in 24-hour plasma ammonia levels and discontinuation or reduction ammonia-scavenger medications and protein-restricted diet. Based on an amended protocol, the change in 24-hour ammonia levels will be measured through Week 36, after which the study would unblind and patients will be followed for a total of up to 64 weeks to determine the complete responders able to move safely to both ammonia-scavenger medications and protein-restricted diet control.

Please see “—License and Collaboration Agreements—Clinical Product Candidates—REGENXBIO Inc.” for a description of our license agreement with REGENXBIO Inc.

UX701 (rivunatpagene miziparvovec) for the treatment of Wilson Disease

UX701 is an AAV type 9 gene therapy, administered by a one-time IV infusion that is designed to deliver a truncated form of the 
ATP7B
 gene. UX701 is being developed for the treatment of patients with Wilson disease, which affects more than 50,000 patients in the developed world. UX701 has received Orphan Drug Designation in the U.S. and in the EU. UX701 has received a Fast Track Designation from the FDA.

In February 2024, we announced that we enrolled and dosed 15 patients in the three dose escalating cohorts of the first, dose-finding, stage of the pivotal 
Cyprus2+
 study of UX701 for the treatment of Wilson disease. During Stage 1, the safety and efficacy of UX701 is being evaluated across three, sequential dosing cohorts (Cohort 1: 5.0 x 10^12 GC/kg Cohort 2: 1.0 x 10^13 GC/kg and Cohort 3: 2.0 x 10^13 GC/kg).

In October 2024, we shared that UX701 demonstrated clinical activity in the pivotal 
Cyprus2+
study as well as improvements in copper metabolism for patients treated in Stage 1. Multiple responders had completely tapered off standard-of-care treatment with responses seen in all three dose cohorts. In Stage 1, 15 patients were enrolled into the three sequential dosing cohorts and followed for at least 24 weeks. Six of the patients completely tapered off of standard-of-care treatment with chelators and/or zinc therapy, and a seventh patient had begun tapering as of the data cut-off date in August 2024. In patients who had tapered off standard-of-care, non-ceruloplasmin bound copper (NCC) had stabilized to normal, healthy levels. In some patients, there were increases in ceruloplasmin-copper activity consistent with improved 
ATP7b
 function. UX701 has been well tolerated, with no unexpected related treatment-emergent adverse events and no significant immunologic safety events as of the data cut-off.

We expect to enroll a fourth cohort in Stage 1 at a moderately increased dose and with an optimized immunomodulation regimen to enhance the efficiency and efficacy of the gene therapy, with the objective of having the majority of patients come off standard-of-care treatment before selecting a dose for the randomized placebo-controlled stage of the study. Enrollment in Cohort 4 is expected to begin in the first half of 2025 and expected to complete in the second half of 2025.

Please see “—License and Collaboration Agreements—Clinical Product Candidates— REGENXBIO Inc.” for a description of our license and collaboration agreement with REGENXBIO Inc.

Competition

In the case of indications that we are targeting, it is possible that other companies may produce, develop, and commercialize compounds that might treat these diseases.

With respect to Crysvita, although we are not aware of any other products currently in clinical development by a competitor for the treatment of XLH and TIO, it is possible that competitors may produce, develop, and commercialize therapeutics, or utilize other approaches such as gene therapy, to treat XLH and TIO. Most pediatric patients with XLH are managed using oral phosphate replacement and/or vitamin D therapy, which is relatively inexpensive and therefore may adversely affect our ability to commercialize Crysvita, if approved, in some countries.

9

With respect to Mepsevii, we are not aware of any other compounds currently in clinical development for MPS VII, but it is possible that other companies may produce, develop, and commercialize compounds that might treat this disease. Additionally, gene therapy and other therapeutic approaches may emerge for the treatment of lysosomal diseases. Bone marrow or stem cell transplants have also been used in MPS VII and in other lysosomal storage diseases and represent a potential competing therapy. Stem cell transplants have been effective in treating soft tissue storage and in having an impact on brain disease, but have not to date proven effective in treating bone and connective tissue disease. Typically, enzyme replacement therapy has had an impact on bone and connective tissue disease in other disorders when patients were treated early.

With respect to Dojolvi, LC-FAOD is commonly treated with diet therapy and MCT oil. Dojolvi may compete with this approach. Although we believe that Dojolvi should be considered a drug and will be regulated that way, it is possible that other companies or individuals may attempt to produce triheptanoin for use in LC-FAOD. Investigators are testing triheptanoin in clinical studies across multiple indications, including LC-FAOD. Although we are not aware of any other products currently in clinical development for the treatment of LC-FAOD, it is also possible that other companies may produce, develop, and commercialize other medium odd-chain fatty acids, or completely different compounds, to treat LC-FAOD. Other companies may also utilize other approaches, such as gene therapy, to treat LC-FAOD. Competitors could also enter the market with generic versions of Dojolvi. As described in “