Item 3.        Legal Proceedings
From time to time, we may be subject to legal proceedings and claims in the ordinary course of business. We are not presently a party to any legal proceedings that, if determined adversely to us, would individually or taken together have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. We have received, and may in the future continue to receive, claims from third parties asserting, among other things, infringement of their intellectual property rights. Future litigation may be necessary to defend ourselves, our partners and our customers by 
46
Table of Contents
determining the scope, enforceability and validity of third-party proprietary rights, or to establish our proprietary rights. The results of any current or future litigation cannot be predicted with certainty, and regardless of the outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources and other factors.
Item 4.        Mine Safety Disclosures
Not applicable.
47
Table of Contents
PART II
Item 5.        Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
Market Information for Common Stock
Our common stock trades on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the ticker symbol "TENB."
Holders of Record
At December 31, 2024, we had 19 holders of record. Because many of our shares of common stock are held by brokers and other institutions on behalf of stockholders, we are unable to estimate the total number of stockholders represented by these record holders.
Dividend Policy
We have never declared or paid any dividends on our common stock. In addition, our credit agreement with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent, contains restrictive covenants that limit our ability to pay dividends on our common stock. We currently intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings for the operation and expansion of our business and do not anticipate declaring or paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. The payment of any future dividends will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on our results of operations, capital requirements, financial condition, prospects, contractual arrangements, any limitations on payment of dividends present in our current and future debt agreements, and other factors that our Board of Directors may deem relevant.
Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
None.
Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
A summary of stock repurchases during the three months ended December 31, 2024 is presented below: 
(in thousands, except for per share data)
Shares Purchased
Average Price Paid Per Share
Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plan
(1)
Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under Plan
(1)
Shares purchased October 1, 2024 to October 31, 2024
— 
$
— 
— 
$
235,075 
Shares purchased November 1, 2024 to November 30, 2024
728 
41.19 
728 
205,088 
Shares purchased December 1, 2024 to December 31, 2024
474 
42.19 
474 
185,089 
1,202 
$
41.59 
(1)    In November 2023, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to $100 million of our common stock. In October 2024, our Board of Directors increased the repurchase authorization by $200 million. Repurchases under the share repurchase program may be made in the open market, in privately negotiated transactions, or in such other manner as determined by us, including through repurchase plans complying with the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission. The authorization has no expiration date. 
Item 6.        Reserved
48
Table of Contents