Item 1A. Risk Factors for a further discussion of risks related to cybersecurity and data breaches.

Operations and Consumer Compliance Laws

The Bank must comply with numerous federal and state anti-money laundering and consumer protection statutes and implementing regulations, including the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001, the Bank Secrecy Act, the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act, the CRA, the California Consumer Privacy Act, the California Privacy Rights Act, the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Truth in Lending Act, the Fair Housing Act, the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, the National Flood Insurance Act, the California Homeowner Bill of Rights and various federal and state privacy protection laws, including the Telephone

13

Consumer Protection Act and the CAN-SPAM Act. Noncompliance with any of these laws could subject the Bank to compliance enforcement actions as well as lawsuits and could also result in administrative penalties, including, fines and reimbursements. The Bank and the Company are also subject to federal and state laws prohibiting unfair or fraudulent business practices, untrue or misleading advertising and unfair competition.

These laws and regulations mandate certain disclosure and reporting requirements and regulate the manner in which financial institutions must deal with customers when taking deposits, making loans, servicing, collecting and foreclosure of loans, and providing other services. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations can subject the Bank and the Company to various penalties, including but not limited to enforcement actions, injunctions, fines or criminal penalties, punitive damages to consumers, and the loss of certain contractual rights.

The Anti-Money Laundering Act of 2020 (“AMLA”), which amends the Bank Secrecy Act of 1970 (“BSA”), was enacted in January 2021. The AMLA is intended to be a comprehensive reform and modernization to U.S. bank secrecy and anti-money laundering laws. Among other things, it codifies a risk-based approach to anti-money laundering compliance for financial institutions; requires the development of standards for evaluating technology and internal processes for BSA compliance; expands enforcement and investigation-related authority, including increasing available sanctions for certain BSA violations and instituting BSA whistleblower incentives and protections.

The CRA specifically directs the federal bank regulatory agencies, in examining insured depository institutions, to assess their record of helping to meet the credit needs of the entire communities in which the financial institution operates, including low and moderate income communities, consistent with safe and sound banking practices. The CRA further requires the agencies to take a financial institution’s record of meeting its community credit needs into account when evaluating applications for, among other things, domestic branches, consummating mergers or acquisitions or holding company formations. On October 24, 2023, the OCC, FDIC, and FRB issued a final rule intended to modernize and strengthen regulations implementing the CRA.  For banks with total assets in excess of $2 billion, which includes the Bank, the Bank’s CRA evaluation will be based on four tests: (i) retail lending; (ii) retail services and products (including digital delivery systems for banks with more than $10 billion in assets or banks which request consideration of such systems); (iii) community development (“CD”) financing; and (iv) CD services.  Weighting of each test is applied to those banks (such as the bank) when regulators are evaluating CRA performance based on multiple tests. Alternatively, banks (including the Bank) have the option to be evaluated based on a regulator-approved strategic CRA plan.  In addition, banks with total assets in excess of $2 billion are subject to revised and more comprehensive CRA-related data collection, reporting and maintenance requirements.  Regulators will downgrade an institution’s CRA rating in the case of illegal or discriminatory credit practices. The Bank received an overall “Satisfactory” rating in its most recent FDIC CRA performance evaluation, which measures how financial institutions support their communities in the areas of lending, investment and service tests. The Bank received a “High Satisfactory” rating for both the lending and the investment tests and an “Outstanding” rating for the service test.

The final CRA rule was intended to take effect on April 1, 2024 with staggered compliance dates, including compliance with the new tests, data collection requirements, with the requirement to define retail lending assessment areas, all of which become applicable on January 1, 2026 and revised data reporting requirements taking effect January 1, 2027. The final CRA rule was enjoined from implementation by a Texas federal court on April 1, 2024, extending the effective date of April 1, 2024, as well as all other implementation dates, on a day-for-day basis for each day that the injunction remains in effect. The decision of the district court is currently on appeal. We are continuing to evaluate the impact of these changes to bank and holding company regulations and their impact to our financial condition, results of operations, and/or liquidity, which cannot be predicted at this time.

The Dodd-Frank Act provided for the creation of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (“CFPB”) as an independent entity within the Federal Reserve with broad rulemaking, supervisory and enforcement authority over consumer financial products and services, including deposit products, residential mortgages, home-equity loans and credit cards. The CFPB’s functions include investigating consumer complaints, conducting market research, rulemaking, and enforcing rules related to consumer financial products and services. CFPB regulations and guidance apply to all covered persons and banks with $10 billion or more in assets, such as the Bank. Accordingly, the Bank is subject to CFPB supervision, including examination by the CFPB. The administration of President Trump is anticipated to significantly limit the enforcement and rule-making authority of the CFPB, though the exact scope of such limitation cannot yet be fully determined.

The CFPB previously finalized a number of significant rules which impact nearly every aspect of the lifecycle of a residential mortgage loan. These rules implement the Dodd-Frank Act amendments to the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Truth in Lending Act and the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act. Among other things, the rules adopted by the CFPB require covered persons including banks making residential mortgage loans to: (i) develop and implement procedures to ensure compliance with an “ability-to-repay” test and identify whether a loan meets a new definition for a “qualified

14

mortgage”, in which case a rebuttable presumption exists that the creditor extending the loan has satisfied the ability-to-repay test; (ii) implement new or revised disclosures, policies and procedures for originating and servicing mortgages including, but not limited to, pre-loan counseling, early intervention with delinquent borrowers and specific loss mitigation procedures for loans secured by a borrower’s principal residence; (iii) comply with additional restrictions on mortgage loan originator hiring and compensation; (iv) comply with new disclosure requirements and standards for appraisals and certain financial products; and (v) maintain escrow accounts for higher-priced mortgage loans for a longer period of time.

The review of products and practices to prevent unfair, deceptive or abusive acts or practices (“UDAAP”) is a continuing focus of the CFPB, and of banking regulators more broadly. The ultimate impact of this heightened scrutiny is uncertain but could result in changes to pricing, practices, products and procedures. It could also result in increased costs related to regulatory oversight, supervision and examination, additional remediation efforts and possible penalties. In addition, the Dodd-Frank Act provides the CFPB with broad supervisory, examination and enforcement authority over various consumer financial products and services, including the ability to require reimbursements and other payments to customers for alleged violations of UDAAP and other legal requirements and to impose significant penalties, as well as injunctive relief that prohibits lenders from engaging in allegedly unlawful practices. The CFPB also has the authority to obtain cease and desist orders providing for affirmative relief or monetary penalties. The Dodd-Frank Act does not prevent states from adopting stricter consumer protection standards. CFPB and state regulation of financial products and potential enforcement actions could adversely affect the Bank’s business, financial condition or results of operations.

The federal bank regulators have adopted rules limiting the ability of banks and other financial institutions to disclose non-public information about consumers to unaffiliated third parties. These limitations require disclosure of privacy policies to consumers and, in some circumstances, allow consumers to prevent disclosure of certain personal information to a nonaffiliated third party. These regulations affect how consumer information is transmitted through diversified financial companies and conveyed to outside vendors. In addition, consumers may also prevent disclosure of certain information among affiliated companies that is assembled or used to determine eligibility for a product or service, such as that shown on consumer credit reports and asset and income information from applications. Consumers also have the option to direct banks and other financial institutions not to share information about transactions and experiences with affiliated companies for the purpose of marketing products or services.

In California, consumer privacy rights have been further bolstered by the enactment of the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) and the California Privacy Rights Act (“CPRA”).  The CCPA and CPRA create new consumer rights, impose additional obligations on businesses that collect personal information from California consumers, and create a new enforcement agency called the California Privacy Protection Agency. In particular, The CCPA and CPRA introduces four new consumer rights, including (1) the right to correction, meaning that users can request to have their personal information corrected; (2) the right to opt-out of automated decision making, meaning that California residents can say ‘no’ to their personal information being used in profiling for behavioral advertisement online; (3) the right to know about automated decision making; and (4) the right to limit use of sensitive personal information.  These two statutes also significantly expand the types of consumer data subject to privacy restrictions and increase the potential penalties for any violations.

Under the Durbin Amendment to the Dodd-Frank Act, the Federal Reserve adopted rules establishing standards for assessing whether the interchange fees that may be charged with respect to certain electronic debit transactions are “reasonable and proportional” to the costs incurred by issuers for processing such transactions.

Interchange fees, or “swipe” fees, are charges that merchants pay to us and other card-issuing banks for processing electronic payment transactions. Under the final rules, the maximum permissible interchange fee is equal to no more than 21 cents plus 5 basis points of the transaction value for many types of debit interchange transactions. In October 2023, the Federal Reserve issued a proposal under which the maximum permissible interchange fee for an electronic debit transaction would be the sum of 14.4 cents per transaction and 4 basis points multiplied by the value of the transaction. Furthermore, the fraud-prevention adjustment would increase from a maximum of 1 cent to 1.3 cents per debit card transaction. The proposal would adopt an approach for future adjustments to the interchange fee cap, which would occur every other year based on issuer cost data gathered by the Federal Reserve from large debit card issuers. The comment period for this proposal ended in May 2024. The extent to which any such proposed changes in permissible interchange fees will impact our future revenues is currently uncertain.

The Federal Reserve also adopted a rule to allow a debit card issuer to recover one cent per transaction for fraud prevention purposes if the issuer complies with certain fraud-related requirements required by the Federal Reserve. The Federal Reserve also has rules governing routing and exclusivity that require issuers to offer two unaffiliated networks for routing transactions on each debit or prepaid product.

15

Commercial Real Estate Concentration Limits

In December 2006, the federal banking regulators issued guidance entitled “Concentrations in Commercial Real Estate Lending, Sound Risk Management Practices” to address increased concentrations in commercial real estate, or “CRE”, loans. In addition, in December 2015, the federal bank agencies issued additional guidance entitled “Statement on Prudent Risk Management for Commercial Real Estate Lending.” Together, these guidelines describe the criteria the agencies will use as indicators to identify institutions potentially exposed to CRE concentration risk. An institution that has (i) experienced rapid growth in CRE lending, (ii) notable exposure to a specific type of CRE, (iii) total reported loans for construction, land development, and other land representing 100% or more of the institution’s capital, or (iv) total CRE loans (which excludes owner-occupied CRE loans) representing 300% or more of the institution’s capital, and the outstanding balance of the institutions CRE portfolio has increased by 50% or more in the prior 36 months, may be identified for further supervisory analysis of the level and nature of its CRE concentration risk. As of December 31, 2024, the Bank’s CRE loan concentration based on total outstanding loans is 237% of risk-based capital.

Office of Foreign Assets Control Regulation

The U.S. Treasury Department’s Office of Foreign Assets Control (“OFAC”), administers and enforces economic and trade sanctions against targeted foreign countries and regimes, under authority of various laws, including designated foreign countries, nationals and others. OFAC publishes lists of specially designated targets and countries. We are responsible for, among other things, blocking accounts of, and transactions with, such targets and countries, prohibiting unlicensed trade and financial transactions with them and reporting blocked transactions after their occurrence. Failure to comply with these sanctions could have serious financial, legal and reputational consequences, including causing applicable bank regulatory authorities not to approve merger or acquisition transactions when regulatory approval is required or to prohibit such transactions even if approval is not required. Regulatory authorities have imposed cease and desist orders and civil money penalties against institutions found to be violating these obligations.

Changes in the Federal, State, or Local Tax Laws

We are subject to changes in federal and applicable state tax laws and regulations that may impact our effective tax rates.  Changes in these tax laws may be retroactive to previous periods and as a result could negatively impact our current and future financial performance.  For example, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 resulted in a reduction of our federal tax rate from a minimum of 35% in 2017 to 21% in 2018, which had a favorable impact on our earnings.  Conversely, this legislation also enacted limitations on certain deductions, including the deduction of FDIC deposit insurance premiums, which partially offset the expected increase in net earnings from the lower tax rate.

On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the “IRA”) was enacted into law. The IRA imposes a non-deductible 1% excise tax on the aggregate fair market value of stock repurchased by certain public companies, including CVB Financial Corp., occurring after December 31, 2022.

The foregoing description of the impact of changes in federal and applicable state tax laws on us should be read in conjunction with Note 9 — 
Income Taxes
 of the notes to consolidated financial statements for more information.

Future Legislation and Regulation

Congress may enact, modify or repeal legislation from time to time that affects the regulation of the financial services industry, and state legislatures may enact, modify or repeal legislation from time to time affecting the regulation of financial institutions chartered by or operating in those states. Federal and state regulatory agencies also periodically propose and adopt changes to their regulations or change the manner in which existing regulations are applied. The substance or impact of pending or future legislation or regulation, or the application thereof, cannot be predicted, although enactment of proposed legislation (or modification or repeal of existing legislation) could impact the regulatory structure under which the Company and Bank operate and may significantly increase our costs, impede the efficiency of our internal business processes, require the Bank to increase its regulatory capital and modify its business strategy, and limit its ability to pursue business opportunities in an efficient manner. The Company’s business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects may be adversely affected, perhaps materially.

Available Information

We file reports with the SEC including our proxy statements, annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K. The SEC maintains a website that contains these reports, proxy and information statements and other information. The address of the site is http://www.sec.gov. The Company also maintains an Internet

16

website at http://www.cbbank.com. We make available, free of charge through our website, our Proxy Statement, Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and Current Reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments thereto, as soon as reasonably practicable after we file such reports with the SEC. None of the information contained in or hyperlinked from our website is incorporated into this Form 10-K.

Executive Officers of the Company

The following sets forth certain information regarding our executive officers, their positions and their ages.

Executive Officers:

Name

Position

Age

David A. Brager

President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company and the Bank

57

E. Allen Nicholson

Chief Financial Officer of the Company and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Bank

57

David F. Farnsworth

Executive Vice President and Chief Credit Officer of the Bank

68

David C. Harvey

Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of the Bank

57

Richard H. Wohl

Executive Vice President and General Counsel

66

Yamynn DeAngelis

Executive Vice President and Chief Risk Officer

68

Mr. Brager 
was appointed Chief Executive Officer of the Company and the Bank on March 16, 2020. Effective November 19, 2021, Mr. Brager was also named President of the Company and the Bank. Mr. Brager also serves on the Board of Directors of the Company and the Bank. Mr. Brager

assumed the position of Executive Vice President and Sales Division Manager of the Bank on November 22, 2010. From 2007 to 2010, he served as Senior Vice President and Regional Manager of the Central Valley Region for the Bank. From 2003 to 2007, he served as Senior Vice President and Manager of the Fresno Business Financial Center for the Bank. From 1997 to 2003, Mr. Brager held management positions with Westamerica Bank.

Mr. Nicholson
 was appointed Chief Financial Officer of the Company and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Bank on May 4, 2016. Previously, Mr. Nicholson served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Pacific Premier Bank and its holding company, Pacific Premier Bancorp Inc. from June of 2015 to May of 2016, and from 2008 to 2014, Mr. Nicholson was Chief Financial Officer of 1st Enterprise Bank. From 2005 to 2008, he was the Chief Financial Officer of Mellon First Business Bank.

Mr. Farnsworth
 was appointed Executive Vice President and Chief Credit Officer of the Bank on July 18, 2016. Prior to his appointment, Mr. Farnsworth was Executive Vice President, Global Risk Management, and National CRE Risk Executive at BBVA Compass. Previously, Mr. Farnsworth held senior credit management positions with US Bank and AmSouth.

Mr. Harvey 
was appointed

Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of the Bank on February 23, 2022. He previously assumed the position of Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer of the Bank on December 31, 2009. From 2008 to 2009 he served as Executive Vice President and Commercial and Treasury Services Manager at Bank of the West. From 2000 to 2008, he served as Senior Vice President and Operations Manager at Bank of the West.

Mr. Wohl
 was initially appointed Executive Vice President and General Counsel of the Company and the Bank on October 11, 2011, and he rejoined the Company and the Bank in the same position on July 10, 2017 after a one-year hiatus at another financial institution. Prior to his initial appointment in 2011, Mr. Wohl served in senior business and legal roles at Indymac Bank, the law firm of Morrison & Foerster, and the U.S. Department of State.

Ms. DeAngelis
 assumed the position of Executive Vice President and Chief Risk Officer of the Bank on January 5, 2009. From 2006 to 2008, she served as Executive Vice President and Service Division Manager for the Bank. From 1995 to 2005, she served as Senior Vice President and Division Service Manager for the Bank.

17

ITEM 1A.    
RISK F
ACTORS

In the course of conducting our business operations, we are exposed to a variety of risks. Some of these risks are inherent in the financial services industry and others are more specific to our own business. Together with the other information on the risks we face and our management of risk contained in this Annual Report, the following presents the  most significant risks of which we are currently aware that may affect us. Events or circumstances arising from one or more of these risks could adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results and prospects and the value and price of our common stock could decline. The risks identified below are not intended to be a comprehensive list of all risks we face, and additional risks that we may currently view as not material may also impair our business operations, financial condition and operating results.

Credit Risks

Our allowance for credit losses may not be sufficient to cover actual losses.

A significant source of risk arises from the possibility that we could sustain losses because borrowers, guarantors, and related parties may fail to perform in accordance with the terms of their loans and leases. The underwriting and credit monitoring policies and procedures that we have adopted to address this risk may not prevent unexpected losses that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We maintain an allowance for credit losses to provide for loan and lease defaults and non-performance, which also includes increases for new loan growth. While we believe that our allowance for credit losses is appropriate to cover currently expected losses, we cannot assure you that we will not increase the allowance for credit losses in the future or that our regulators or outside auditors will not require us to increase this allowance.

We may be required to make additional provisions for credit losses and charge-off additional loans in the future, which could adversely affect our results of operations.

For the year ended December 31, 2024, we recorded a $3.0 million recapture of provision for credit losses. During 2024, we experienced charge-offs of $4.4 million and recoveries of $0.7 million, resulting in net charge-offs of $3.7 million.  We have a significant amount of real estate loans, therefore, decreases in real estate values could adversely affect the value of property used as collateral for our loans. As of December 31, 2024, we had $6.51 billion in commercial real estate loans, $269.2 million in single-family residential mortgages, and $16.1 million in construction loans. Low interest rates through the pandemic caused real estate values in general to increase materially due to low cost of funding with inflationary upward pressures on cash flow. There is no assurance that recent rental rate increases across any segment of the real estate property classes are sustainable with reasonable possibility of moderate decline to stabilization. Capitalization Rates used to determine value have increased due to overall cost of capital causing some downward pressure on real estate values. Additionally, changes in longer term commercial real estate usage and occupancy patterns, particularly in the office and retail segments, have negatively impacted the valuations of affected properties, depending on geographic location and other factors.  These issues could affect the ability of our loan customers to refinance or service their debts, including those customers whose loans are secured by commercial or residential real estate. This, in turn, could result in loan charge-offs and provisions for credit losses in the future, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, net income and capital.

Our dairy & livestock and agribusiness lending presents unique credit risks.

As of December 31, 2024, approximately 5.0% of our total gross loan portfolio was comprised of dairy & livestock and agribusiness loans. As of  December 31, 2024, we had $419.9 million in dairy & livestock and agribusiness loans, including $385.3 million in dairy & livestock loans and $34.6 million in agribusiness loans. Repayment of dairy & livestock and agribusiness loans depends primarily on the successful raising and feeding of livestock or planting and harvest of crops and marketing the harvested commodity (including milk production). Collateral securing these loans may be illiquid. In addition, the limited purpose of some agricultural-related collateral affects credit risk because such collateral may have limited or no other uses to support values when loan repayment problems emerge. Our dairy & livestock and agribusiness lending staff have specific technical expertise that we depend on to mitigate our lending risks for these loans and we may have difficulty retaining or replacing such individuals. Many external factors can impact our agricultural borrowers’ ability to repay their loans, including the effects of inflation, adverse weather conditions, water issues, commodity price volatility (i.e. milk prices), diseases (including bird flu), land values, production costs, changing government regulations and subsidy programs, changing tax treatment, technological changes, labor market shortages/increased wages, and changes in consumers’ preferences, over which our borrowers may have no control. These factors, as well as recent volatility in certain commodity prices, including milk prices, could adversely impact the ability of those to whom we have made dairy & livestock and agribusiness loans to perform under the terms of their borrowing arrangements with us, which in turn could result in credit losses and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

18

Our loan portfolio is predominantly secured by real estate in California and thus we have a higher degree of credit risk from a downturn in our real estate markets.

A renewed downturn in our real estate markets could hurt our business because most of our loans are secured by real estate. Real estate values and real estate markets are generally affected by changes in national, regional or local economic conditions, fluctuations in interest rates and the availability of loans to potential purchasers, changes in tax laws and other governmental statutes, regulations and policies, and acts of nature, such as earthquakes, prolonged drought, pandemics, wildfires and other disasters particular to California. The vast majority of our real estate collateral is located in the state of California. If real estate values, including values of land held for development, should again start to decline, the value of real estate collateral securing our loans could be significantly reduced. Our ability to recover on defaulted loans by foreclosing and selling the real estate collateral would then be diminished and we would be more likely to suffer losses on defaulted loans. Commercial real estate loans typically involve large balances to single borrowers or a group of related borrowers. Since payments on these loans are often dependent on the successful operation or management of the properties, as well as the business and financial condition of the borrower(s), repayment of such loans may be subject to adverse conditions in the real estate market, adverse economic conditions or changes in applicable government regulations.

Additional risks associated with our real estate construction loan portfolio include failure of developers and/or contractors to complete construction on a timely basis or at all, market deterioration during construction, cost overruns and failure to sell or lease the properties underlying the construction loans so as to generate the cash flow anticipated by our borrower.

A decline in the economy may cause renewed declines in real estate values and increases in unemployment, which may result in higher than expected loan delinquencies or problem assets, a decline in demand for our products and services, or a lack of growth or decrease in deposits, which may cause us to incur losses, adversely affect our capital or hurt our business.

Our commercial real estate loan portfolio exposes us to risks that may be greater than the risks related to our other loans.

Federal and state banking regulators are examining commercial real estate lending activity with heightened scrutiny and may require banks with higher levels of commercial real estate loans to implement more stringent underwriting, internal controls, risk management policies and portfolio stress testing, as well as possibly higher levels of allowances for losses and capital levels as a result of commercial real estate lending growth and exposures. Because a significant portion of our loan portfolio is comprised of commercial real estate loans, the banking regulators may require us to maintain higher levels of capital than we would otherwise be expected to maintain or may impose limits on our ability to make additional commercial real estate loans, which could limit our ability to leverage our capital and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.

We are exposed to risk of environmental liabilities with respect to properties to which we take title.

In the course of our business, we may foreclose and take title to real estate, and we could be subject to environmental liabilities with respect to these properties. While we will take steps to mitigate this risk, we may be held liable to a governmental entity or to third parties for property damage, personal injury, investigation and clean-up costs incurred by these parties in connection with environmental contamination, or we may be required to investigate or clean-up hazardous or toxic substances, or chemical releases at one or more properties. The costs associated with investigation or remediation activities could be substantial. In addition, while there are certain statutory protections afforded lenders who take title to property through foreclosure on a loan, if we are the owner or former owner of a contaminated site, we may be subject to common law claims by third parties based on damages and costs resulting from environmental contamination emanating from the property. If we become subject to significant environmental liabilities, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be adversely affected.

Liquidity and Interest Rate Risks

Liquidity risk could impair our ability to fund operations and jeopardize our financial condition.

Liquidity is essential to our banking business. An inability to raise funds through deposits, borrowings, the sale of investment securities, loans and other sources could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity. Our access to funding sources in amounts adequate to finance our activities could be impaired by factors that affect us specifically or the banking or broader financial services industry in general. Factors that could detrimentally impact our access to liquidity sources include a decrease in the level of our business activity due to a market downturn or adverse regulatory action against us. Our ability

19

to acquire deposits or borrow could also be impaired by factors that are not specific to us, such as the effects of inflation, rising interest rates, a severe disruption of the financial markets or negative views and expectations about the prospects for the banking or financial services industry as a whole. Many if not all of these same factors could also significantly raise the cost of deposits to our Company and/or to the banking industry in general. This in turn could negatively affect our ability to attract deposits generally and the amount of interest we pay on our interest-bearing liabilities, which could have an adverse impact on our interest rate spread and profitability.

Negative developments affecting the banking industry could adversely impact our liquidity.

High-profile bank failures in 2023 generated significant market volatility among publicly traded bank holding companies and, in particular, regional community banks like the Bank. These market developments negatively impacted customer confidence in the safety and soundness of smaller regional and community banks. As a result, customers may choose to maintain deposits with larger more systemically important financial institutions, restrict the amount of deposits they place with a given financial institution, or invest in higher yielding and higher-rated short-term fixed income securities, all of which could materially adversely impact the Bank’s liquidity, loan funding capacity, net interest margin, capital and results of operations. While the Bank currently has access to substantial borrowing capacity from the Federal Reserve Bank, the Federal Home Loan Bank and credit facilities established with larger banks, there can be no assurance that customer confidence in regional banks and the banking system more broadly has been fully restored or that potential liquidity concerns will recede or that such access to alternative sources of liquidity will continue unimpaired.

The actions and commercial soundness of other financial institutions could affect our ability to engage in routine funding transactions.

Financial service institutions are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty or other relationships. We have exposure to different industries and counterparties, and we typically execute transactions with various counterparties in the financial industry, including brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, mutual funds, and other institutional clients. Defaults by financial services institutions, even rumors or questions about one or more financial institutions or the financial services industry in general, could lead to market wide liquidity problems and further, could lead to losses or defaults by the Company or other institutions. Many of these transactions expose us to credit risk in the event of default of the applicable counterparty or client. In addition, our credit risk may increase when the collateral held by us cannot be realized upon or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of the loan or derivative exposure due to us. Any such losses could materially and adversely affect our consolidated financial statements.

We may not be able to maintain a strong core deposit base or other low-cost funding sources.

We depend on checking, savings and money market deposit account balances and other forms of customer deposits as our primary source of funding for our lending activities. Future growth in our banking business will largely depend on our ability to maintain and grow a strong and low-cost deposit base. There is no assurance that we will be able to grow and maintain our deposit base. Deposit balances can decrease when customers perceive alternative investments, such as higher yielding money market funds, the stock market, bond market or real estate, as providing a better risk/return tradeoff. If customers move money out of bank deposits and into investments (or similar deposit products at other institutions that may provide a higher rate of return), we could lose a relatively low cost source of funds, increasing our funding costs and reducing our net interest income and net income. Additionally, any such loss of funds could result in lower loan originations, which could adversely impact our growth strategy.

Our business is subject to interest rate risk and variations in interest rates may negatively affect our financial performance.

A substantial portion of our income is derived from the differential or “spread” between the interest earned on loans, securities and other interest-earning assets, and the interest paid on deposits, borrowings and other interest-bearing liabilities. Because of the differences in the maturities and repricing characteristics of our interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, changes in interest rates do not produce equivalent changes in interest income earned on interest-earning assets and interest paid on interest-bearing liabilities. At December 31, 2024, our balance sheet was positioned with an asset sensitive bias over both a one and two-year horizon, assuming no balance sheet growth, and as a result, our net interest margin tends to expand in a rising interest rate environment and decrease in a declining interest rate environment. Accordingly, fluctuations in interest rates could adversely affect our interest rate spread and, in turn, our profitability. Loan origination volumes may be affected by changes in market interest rates. In addition, in rising interest rate environments, loan repayment rates may decline and in falling interest rate environments, loan repayment rates may increase. Rising interest rates may also cause a decline in principal payments, while a decline in interest rates may accelerate principal payments for a significant portion of

20

our investment securities. In a rising interest rate environment, we may need to accelerate the pace of rate increases on our deposit accounts as compared to the pace of future increases in short-term market rates and our customers could move their deposits with us to money market funds or institutions that pay higher interest rates on deposits accounts. Accordingly, changes in levels of market interest rates could materially and adversely affect our net interest spread, asset quality, levels of deposits, as well as loan origination and prepayment volume.

Elevated interest rates have decreased the market value of the Company’s available for sale and held-to-maturity securities and loan portfolios, and the Company would realize losses if it were required to sell such securities or loans to meet liquidity needs.

As a result of inflationary pressures that resulted in rapid increases in interest rates initiated by the Federal Reserve during 2022-2023, the fair values of previously purchased fixed income securities have declined significantly. At December 31, 2024, the total carrying value of our securities portfolio was $4.92 billion, of which $2.54 billion was available-for-sale and $2.38 billion was held-to-maturity.  The aggregate pre-tax net unrealized loss in our AFS securities was $447.7 million at December 31, 2024. Based on estimated fair values, the aggregate pre-tax net unrealized loss in our HTM securities was approximately $425.3 million at December 31, 2024. In addition, the fair value of many of our loans, which have interest rates that are fixed until maturity or reset on a future date, has been negatively impacted by the increases in interest rates from the time these loans were originated.

While the Company does not currently intend to sell these securities or loans, if the Company were required to sell such securities or loans to meet liquidity needs, it could incur significant losses, which could impair the Company’s capital, financial condition, and results of operations, thereby negatively impacting our profitability. While the Company has taken actions to maximize its funding sources, there is no guarantee that such actions and the Company's borrowing facilities will be successful or sufficient in the event of sudden liquidity needs.

Hedging against interest rate exposure may adversely affect our earnings.

On occasion we have employed various financial risk methodologies that limit, or “hedge,” the adverse effects of rising or decreasing interest rates on our loan portfolios, investment securities, and short-term liabilities. We also engage in hedging strategies with respect to arrangements where our customers swap floating interest rate obligations for fixed interest rate obligations, or vice versa. Our hedging activity varies based on the level and volatility of interest rates and other changing market conditions. There are no perfect hedging strategies, and interest rate hedging may fail to protect us from loss. Moreover, hedging activities could result in losses if the event against which we hedge does not occur. Additionally, interest rate hedging could fail to protect us or adversely affect us because, among other things:

•
Available interest rate hedging may not correspond directly with the interest rate risk for which protection is sought; 

•
The duration of the hedge may not match the duration of the related asset or liability; 

•
The party owing money in the hedging transaction may default on its obligation to pay; 

•
The credit quality of the party owing money on the hedge may be downgraded to such an extent that it impairs our ability to sell or assign our side of the hedging transaction; 

•
The value of derivatives used for hedging may be adjusted from time to time in accordance with accounting rules to reflect changes in fair value; and/or 

•
Downward adjustments, or “mark-to-market” losses, would reduce our stockholders’ equity.

Operational Risks

We face risks related to our operational, technological and organizational infrastructure.

Our ability to grow and compete, including to develop and deliver new products that meet the needs of our existing customers and attract new ones, is dependent on our ability to build or acquire the necessary operational and technological infrastructure and to manage the cost of that infrastructure as we expand. Our ability to run our business in compliance with applicable laws and regulations is also dependent on that infrastructure. Operational risk can manifest itself in many ways, such as errors related to failed or inadequate processes, faulty or disabled computer systems, fraud by employees or outside persons and exposure to external events, and we are dependent on our operational infrastructure to help manage these risks. In addition, we are heavily dependent on the strength and capability of our technology systems, which we use both to

21

interface with our customers and to manage our internal financial records and other systems. Any shortcomings in our technology systems subjects us to risk of misconduct by our employees that may go undetected.

A number of our most critical technology systems and applications are provided or managed by outside vendors or service providers.  Any failure by such vendors or service providers to properly design, manage or secure these technology systems and applications, or the occurrence of external events affecting the functionality of such technology systems and applications, could in turn result in significant disruptions and exposure to potential losses in connection with our operations and to us and our customers.

We are subject to extensive laws and regulations at the federal and state levels regarding the protection and security of our customers’ and employees’ personal information and data, including the federal Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, and the California Consumer Privacy Act and California Privacy Rights Act.  These laws and regulations require us to safeguard sensitive customer data and employee medical records and health-related information, and such laws and regulations closely regulate how businesses such as our Bank may collect, use and retain specified types of customer and employee information.  If we fail or are unable to comply with such laws and regulations, we could incur significant legal liability, governmental investigations and penalties, and reputational damage.

We monitor our operational and technological capabilities and make modifications and improvements when we believe it will be cost effective to do so. We may build and maintain these capabilities ourselves, or we may outsource some of these functions to third parties. If we experience difficulties, fail to comply with banking or information security regulations or to keep up with increasingly sophisticated technologies, our operations could be interrupted. If an interruption were to continue for a significant period of time, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected, perhaps materially. Even if we are able to replace them, it may be at a higher cost to us, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Failure to manage our growth may adversely affect our performance.

Our financial performance and profitability depend on our ability to manage past and possible future growth. Past and future acquisitions and our continued organic growth may present operating, integration, regulatory, management and other issues that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

Acquisitions are and have been a key element of our growth strategy.  Certain events may arise after our acquisition of a financial institution or business, or we may learn of certain facts, events or circumstances after the completion of an acquisition, that may affect our financial condition or performance or subject us to risk of loss. These events include, but are not limited to: our success in integrating the operations, retaining key employees and customers, achieving anticipated synergies, meeting expectations and otherwise realizing the anticipated benefits of the acquisition; litigation resulting from circumstances occurring at the acquired entity prior to the date of acquisition or in connection with the acquisition itself; loan downgrades and credit loss provisions resulting from underwriting of certain acquired loans determined not to meet our credit standards; personnel changes that cause instability within a department; delays in implementing new policies or procedures or the failure to apply new policies or procedures; and other events relating to the performance of our business. In addition, if we determine that the value of an acquired business had decreased and that the related goodwill was impaired, an impairment of goodwill charge to earnings would be recognized. Acquisitions involve inherent uncertainty and we cannot determine all potential events, facts and circumstances that could result in loss or increased costs or give assurances that our due diligence or mitigation efforts will be sufficient to protect against any such loss or increased costs.

Furthermore, failure to realize the expected revenue increases, cost savings, increases in geographic or product presence, and/or other projected benefits from an acquisition could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

The occurrence of fraudulent activity, breaches or failures of our information security controls or cybersecurity-related incidents to either our information systems or information systems provided by third party vendors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

As a financial institution, we are susceptible to fraudulent activity, information security breaches and other cybersecurity-related incidents and attacks that may be committed against us, our customers or key vendors and business partners, which in turn may result in financial losses or increased costs to us, our customers, or our key vendors and business partners, disclosure or misuse of our information or our customer information, theft or misappropriation of assets (including bank or customer funds), privacy breaches against us or our customers, litigation, regulatory enforcement actions, and damage to our reputation. The U.S. government has warned financial institutions of the potential increase in the frequency and severity of malicious cyber-attacks and other activities involving critical infrastructure, specifically including the

22

financial sector, and has encouraged the banking sector to enhance cyber-defenses, and these risks have increased in connection with the current conflicts involving Ukraine and Russia in Europe and Israel, Hamas and Iran in the Middle East. While CBB has taken measures to protect its own and customer funds and confidential information against cyber-attacks, as well as other malicious activities, there can be no assurance that such measures will be successful in thwarting such attacks and activities.

Information pertaining to us and our clients is maintained, and transactions are executed, such as our online banking or core systems on the networks and systems of ours, our clients and certain of our third party providers. The secure maintenance and transmission of confidential information, as well as execution of transactions over these systems, are essential to protect us and our clients against fraud and security breaches and to maintain our clients’ confidence. In addition, increases in criminal activity levels and sophistication, advances in computer capabilities, new discoveries, vulnerabilities in third-party technologies (including browsers and operating systems) or other developments could result in a compromise or breach of the technology, processes and controls that we use to prevent fraudulent transactions and to protect data about us, our clients and underlying transactions, as well as the technology used by our clients to access our systems. Although we continue to invest in systems and processes that are designed to detect and prevent security breaches and cyber-attacks and periodically test our security, our inability to anticipate, or failure to adequately mitigate, breaches of security could result in, among other things, losses to us or our clients; our loss of business and/or clients; damage to our reputation; the incurrence of additional expenses; disruption to our business; our inability to grow our online services or other businesses; additional regulatory scrutiny or penalties; or our exposure to civil litigation and possible financial liability — any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

More generally, continued publicized information concerning security and cyber-related problems could inhibit the use or growth of electronic or web-based applications or solutions as a means of conducting commercial transactions for us and other financial institutions. Such publicity may also cause damage to our reputation as a financial institution. As a result, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.

Our business is exposed to the risk of changes in technology.

The rapid pace of technology changes and the impact of such changes on financial services generally and on our Company specifically could impact our cost structure and our competitive position with our customers. Such developments include the rapid movement by customers and some competitor financial institutions to web-based services, mobile banking and cloud computing. Our failure or inability to anticipate, plan for or implement technology change could adversely affect our competitive position, financial condition and profitability. In addition, recent regulatory changes proposed by the CFPB regarding the electronic portability of customer banking and other financial information could significantly impact our costs and our ability to protect and secure such information.

Our controls and procedures could fail or be circumvented.

Management regularly reviews and updates our internal controls, disclosure controls and procedures and corporate governance policies and procedures. Any system of controls, however well designed and operated, is based in part on certain assumptions and on the conduct of individuals, and can provide only reasonable, but not absolute, assurances of the effectiveness of these systems and controls, and that the objectives of these controls have been met. Any failure or circumvention of our controls and procedures, and any failure to comply with regulations related to controls and procedures could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.

Failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting or disclosure controls and procedures could adversely affect our ability to report our financial condition and results of operations accurately and on a timely basis.

A failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting or disclosure controls and procedures could adversely affect our ability to report our financial results accurately and on a timely basis, which could result in a loss of investor confidence in our financial reporting or adversely affect our access to sources of liquidity. Furthermore, because of the inherent limitations of any system of internal control over financial reporting, including the possibility of human error, the circumvention or overriding of controls and fraud, even effective internal controls may not prevent or detect all misstatements.

We rely on communications, information, operating and financial control systems technology from third-party service providers, and we may suffer an interruption in those systems.

We rely heavily on third-party service providers for much of our communications, information, operating and financial control systems technology, including our internet banking services and data processing systems. Any failure or

23

interruption of these services or systems or breaches in the security of these systems could result in failures or interruptions to serve our customers, including deposit, servicing and/or loan origination systems. The occurrence of any failures or interruptions may require us to identify alternative sources of such services, which may result in increased costs or other consequences that in turn could have an adverse effect on our business, including damage to the Bank’s reputation.

We are dependent on key personnel and the loss of one or more of those key personnel may materially and adversely affect our prospects.

Competition for qualified employees and personnel in the banking industry is intense and there are a limited number of qualified persons with knowledge of, and experience in, the California community banking industry. The process of recruiting personnel with the combination of skills and attributes required to carry out our strategies is often lengthy. In addition, legislation and regulations which impose restrictions on executive compensation may make it more difficult for us to retain and recruit key personnel. Our success depends to a significant degree upon our ability to attract and retain qualified management, loan origination, finance, administrative, risk management, marketing, professional and technical personnel and upon the continued contributions of our management and personnel. In particular, our success has been and continues to be highly dependent upon the abilities of key executives, including our President and Chief Executive Officer, and certain other key employees.

If our enterprise risk management framework is not effective at mitigating risk and loss to us, we could suffer unexpected losses and our results of operations could be materially adversely affected.

Our enterprise risk management framework seeks to achieve an appropriate balance between risk and return, which is critical to optimizing shareholder value. We have established processes and procedures intended to identify, measure, monitor, report and analyze the types of risk to which we are subject, including credit, liquidity, operational, regulatory, compliance, legal and reputational risks. However, as with any risk management framework, there are inherent limitations to our risk management strategies as there may exist, or develop in the future, risks that we have not appropriately managed, anticipated or identified. If our risk management framework proves ineffective, we could suffer unexpected losses and our business and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.

Changes in stock market prices could reduce fee income from our brokerage, asset management and investment advisory businesses.

We earn wealth management fee income for managing assets for our clients and also providing brokerage and investment advisory services. Because investment management and advisory fees are often based on the value of assets under management, a fall in the market prices of those assets could reduce our fee income. Changes in stock market prices could affect the trading activity of investors, reducing commissions and other fees we earn from our brokerage business.

Our accounting estimates and risk management processes rely on analytical and forecasting models.

The processes we use to estimate our expected credit losses and to measure the fair value of financial instruments, as well as the processes used to estimate the effects of changing interest rates and other market measures on our financial condition and results of operations, depends upon the use of analytical and forecasting models. These models reflect assumptions that may not be accurate, particularly in times of market stress or other unforeseen circumstances. Even if these assumptions are adequate, the models may prove to be inadequate or inaccurate because of other flaws in their design or their implementation. If the models we use for interest rate risk and asset-liability management are inadequate, we may incur increased or unexpected losses upon changes in market interest rates or other market measures. If the models we use for determining our expected credit losses are inadequate, the allowance for credit losses may not be sufficient to support future charge-offs. If the models we use to measure the fair value of financial instruments are inadequate, the fair value of such financial instruments may fluctuate unexpectedly or may not accurately reflect what we could realize upon sale or settlement of such financial instruments. Any such failure in our analytical or forecasting models could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Our decisions regarding the fair value of assets acquired could be different than initially estimated, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and future prospects.

In business combinations, we acquire significant portfolios of loans that are marked to their estimated fair value based on information known to us at the time of the business combination. The fluctuations in national, regional and local economic conditions, including those related to local residential, commercial real estate and construction markets, may increase the level of charge-offs or the allowance for credit losses in the loan portfolio that we acquire and correspondingly reduce our net

24

income. These fluctuations are not predictable, cannot be controlled and may have a material adverse impact on our operations and financial condition, even if other favorable events occur.

If the goodwill that we recorded in connection with business acquisitions becomes impaired, it could require charges to earnings, which would have a negative impact on our financial condition and results of operations.

Goodwill resulting from business combinations represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net assets of the businesses we acquired. Goodwill has an indefinite useful life and is not amortized, however, it is tested for impairment at least annually, or more frequently, if events and circumstances exist that indicate that the carrying value of the asset might be impaired, including as a result of a decline in our stock price and market capitalization below our stated book value. We determine impairment by comparing the implied fair value of the reporting unit’s goodwill with the carrying amount of that goodwill. Estimates of fair value are determined based on a complex model using, among other things, discounted cash flows, the fair value of our Company as determined by our stock price, and peer company comparisons. Adverse events in the banking sector have caused market volatility and declines in the stock market prices for many community and regional banks from time to time, including the Company’s, resulting in periodic declines in the Company’s market capitalization. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit’s goodwill exceeds the implied fair value of that goodwill, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. Any such adjustments are reflected in our results of operations in the periods in which they become known. There can be no assurance that our future evaluations of goodwill will not result in findings of impairment and related write-downs, which may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

Strategic and External Risks

Changes in economic, market and political conditions can adversely affect our liquidity, results of operations and financial condition.

Our success depends, to a certain extent, upon local, national and global economic and political conditions, as well as governmental monetary and interest rate policies. Conditions such as an economic recession, rising unemployment, changes in interest rates, money supply, inflationary prices and other factors beyond our control may adversely affect our asset quality, deposit levels loan demand, ability to manage costs associated with employees and vendors and, therefore, our earnings. We are presently subject to macroeconomic and interest rate risk due to domestic and global economic instability that has resulted in higher inflation than the United States has experienced in more than 40 years and resulted in overall increases to prevailing interest rates. The Federal Reserve’s Open Market Committee raised the target range for the federal funds rate to 5.25% to 5.50% in 2023, and then subsequently lowered it to a range of 4.25% to 4.50% in the last few months of 2024, resulting in a cumulative increase of 4.25% from March of 2022. These recent increases in prevailing interest rates and the expectation that interest rates may stay elevated are likely to impact both our customers and many aspects of our business.

In addition, we may face the following risks in connection with any downward turn in the economy or sustained period of higher or lower interest rates or higher inflation rates:

•
Higher interest rates will not only impact the interest we receive on loans and investment securities and the amount of interest we pay our depositors, but also could also impact our ability to compete for and grow loans and deposits;

•
Rising interest rates, higher commodity prices, and an overall slowdown in economic growth could also impact the fair value of our assets and adversely impact our asset quality;

•
The process we use to estimate losses inherent in our credit exposure requires difficult, subjective and complex judgments, including forecasts of economic conditions and how these economic conditions might impair the ability of our borrowers to repay their loans. The level of uncertainty concerning economic conditions may adversely affect the accuracy of our estimates which may, in turn, impact the reliability of the estimation process; 

•
The Company’s commercial, residential and consumer borrowers may be unable to make timely repayments of their loans, or the decrease in value of real estate collateral securing the payment of such loans could result in significant credit losses, increasing delinquencies, foreclosures and customer bankruptcies, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s operating results; 

•
A sustained environment in which the U.S. Treasury yield curve is inverted could cause net interest margins to compress, as the majority of our funding sources are impacted by short-term rates, while much of our earning assets are impacted by longer term interest rates;

•
The value of the portfolio of investment securities that we hold may be adversely affected by increasing interest rates and defaults by debtors; and

25

•
Further disruptions in the capital markets or other events, including actions by rating agencies and deteriorating investor expectations, may result in changes in applicable rates of interest, difficulty in accessing capital or an inability to borrow on favorable terms or at all from other financial institutions. 

Although the Company and the Bank currently exceed the minimum capital ratio requirements to be deemed “well-capitalized” for regulatory purposes and have not suffered any significant liquidity issues as a result of these types of events, the cost and availability of funds may be adversely affected by illiquid credit markets and the demand for our products and services may decline if we experience slower than expected economic growth or higher rates of unemployment. In view of the concentration of our operations and the collateral securing our loan portfolio in Central and Southern California, we may be particularly susceptible to adverse economic conditions in the state of California, where our business is concentrated. In addition, adverse economic conditions may exacerbate our exposure to credit risk and adversely affect the ability of borrowers to perform, and thereby, adversely affect our liquidity, financial condition, results or operations and profitability.

Our earnings are significantly affected by the fiscal and monetary policies of the federal government and its agencies.

The policies of the Federal Reserve impact us significantly. Its policies directly and indirectly influence the rate of interest earned on loans and paid on borrowings and interest-bearing deposits and can also affect the value of financial instruments we hold. Changes in those policies are beyond our control and are difficult to predict. Federal Reserve policies can also affect our borrowers, potentially increasing the risk that they may fail to repay their loans. As an example, monetary tightening and increases in the federal funds rate by the Federal Reserve could adversely affect our borrowers’ earnings and ability to repay their loans, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the Federal Reserve’s recent actions to reduce its own balance sheet of government and mortgage-backed securities could impact the credit markets and thus prevailing interest rates.

Future legislation, regulatory reform or policy changes could have a material effect on our business and results of operations.

New legislation, regulatory reform or policy changes, including financial services regulatory reform, enforcement priorities, antitrust and merger review policies, and increased infrastructure spending, could adversely impact our business. At this time, we cannot predict the scope or nature of these changes or assess what the overall effect of such potential changes could be on our results of operations or cash flows.

We face strong competition from financial services companies and other companies that offer banking services.

We conduct most of our operations in the state of California. The banking and financial services businesses in the state of California are highly competitive and increased competition in our primary market areas may adversely impact the level of our loans and deposits. Ultimately, we may not be able to compete successfully against current and future competitors. These competitors include other banks many of which are larger than us and have greater resources. We also face competition from other types of financial institutions, including savings and loan associations, finance companies, brokerage firms, insurance companies, credit unions, mortgage companies and other financial intermediaries. In addition, we face competition from certain non-traditional entities, including “FinTech” companies which specialize in the provision of technology-based financial services, such as payment processing and lending marketplaces, and which may offer or be perceived to offer more responsive or currently desirable financial products and services.

Consumers may decide not to use banks to complete their financial transactions.

Technology and other changes are allowing parties to complete financial transactions through alternative methods that historically have involved banks. For example, consumers can now maintain funds that would have historically been held as bank deposits in brokerage accounts, mutual funds or general-purpose reloadable prepaid cards. Consumers can also complete transactions, such as paying bills and/or transferring funds directly without the assistance of banks. The process of eliminating banks as intermediaries, known as “disintermediation,” could result in the loss of fee income, as well as the loss of customer deposits and the related income generated from those deposits. The loss of these revenue streams and a lower level of low-cost deposits as a source of funds could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

Potential downgrades of U.S. government securities or the securities of U.S. government-sponsored entities by one or more of the credit ratings agencies could have a material adverse effect on our operations, earnings, and financial condition.

26

Any possible future downgrade of the sovereign credit ratings of the U.S. government and a decline in the perceived creditworthiness of U.S. government-related obligations could impact our ability to obtain funding that is collateralized by affected instruments, as well as affect the pricing of that funding when it is available. A downgrade may also adversely affect the market value of such instruments. We cannot predict if, when or how any changes to the credit ratings or perceived creditworthiness of these organizations will affect economic conditions. Among other things, a downgrade in the U.S. government’s credit rating could adversely impact the value of our securities portfolio and may trigger requirements that we post additional collateral for trades relative to these securities. A downgrade of the sovereign credit ratings of the U.S. government or the credit ratings of related institutions, agencies or instruments would significantly exacerbate the other risks to which we are subject and any related adverse effects on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Recent proposals for reforms to government-sponsored enterprises, such as Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, including proposals to privatize such entities, could also negatively affect the credit ratings of bonds that such entities have previously issued and that are currently held in our securities portfolio.  Any credit ratings downgrades of one or more of these government-sponsored enterprises could in turn adversely impact the value of our securities portfolio and the regulatory risk-weightings assigned to these assets.  The effects of these credit rating downgrades to lower asset values and increase risk-weighted assets could negatively impact our capital and capital ratios and exacerbate other risks to which we are subject in the same manner described above.

Climate change and climate change regulation could have a material adverse effect on us and our customers.

Our business, as well as the operations and activities of certain of our banking customers, could be negatively impacted by climate change. Climate change presents multi-faceted risks, including operational risk from the physical effects of climate events on our bank and our customers’ facilities and other assets, including the enhanced risks of drought or wildfires, credit risk from borrowers with significant exposure to climate risk, particularly our customers in the dairy and agricultural sectors, transition risks associated with the transition to a less carbon-dependent economy, and possible reputational risk from stakeholder concerns about our practices and business relationships with clients who operate in carbon-intensive industries.

Additionally, federal and state banking regulators and supervisory authorities, investors, and other stakeholders have increasingly viewed financial institutions as important in helping to address the risks related to climate change, both directly and with respect to their clients, which may result in financial institutions coming under increased scrutiny regarding the disclosure and management of their climate risks and related lending and investment activities, including in the context of stress testing for various climate stress scenarios. Ongoing legislative or regulatory uncertainties and changes regarding climate risk management and practices may result in higher regulatory, compliance, credit, and reputational risks and costs, particularly in our home state of California.

Public Health Risks

We face a wide variety of risks related to public health crises, epidemics, pandemics or similar events. If a new health epidemic or outbreak were to occur, we could experience broad and varied effects similar to the impact of COVID-19 during 2020-2023, including adverse impacts to our workforce, branch offices, customers and vendors, as well as potential inflationary pressures and increased costs, the impact of reductions in overall economic activity, market volatility and other financial ramifications. If any of these were to occur, our future results and performance could be adversely impacted.

Legal, Regulatory, Compliance and Reputational Risks

We are subject to extensive government regulation that could limit or restrict our activities, which, in turn, may hamper our ability to increase our assets and earnings.

Our operations are subject to extensive regulation by federal, state and local governmental authorities, including the FDIC, FRB, DFPI and CFPB, and we are subject to various laws and judicial and administrative decisions imposing requirements and restrictions on part or all of our operations. Similarly, the lending, credit and deposit products we offer are subject to broad oversight and regulation. Because our business is highly regulated, the laws, rules, regulations and supervisory guidance and policies applicable to us are subject to regular modification and change. Perennially, various laws, rules and regulations are proposed, which, if adopted, could impact our operations by making compliance much more difficult or expensive, restricting our ability to originate or sell loans or further restricting the amount of interest or other charges or fees earned on loans or other products.

Current and future federal and state legal and regulatory requirements, restrictions and regulations, including those imposed under Dodd-Frank, those relating to climate-related disclosure, corporate governance, and those adopted to facilitate

27

data privacy or consumer protection, may adversely impact our profitability and may have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations, may require us to invest significant management attention and resources to evaluate and make any changes required by the legislation and accompanying rules, and may make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified executive officers and employees. The implementation of certain final Dodd-Frank rules is delayed or phased in over several years; therefore, as yet we cannot definitively assess what may be the short or longer term specific or aggregate effect of the full implementation of Dodd-Frank on us.

We expect the new Trump administration will seek to implement a regulatory reform agenda that is significantly different than that of the Biden administration, thereby impacting the rulemaking, supervision, examination and enforcement priorities of the federal banking agencies, although the effects of any such changes on our business, operations, financial position or results of operations cannot be quantified at this time.

Any enhanced regulatory examination scrutiny or new regulatory requirements arising from recent events in the banking industry could increase the Company’s expenses and affect the Company’s operations and acquisition opportunities.

Recent adverse events in the banking industry, including the significant bank failures that occurred in 2023, have resulted in increased regulatory scrutiny in the course of routine examinations and otherwise, and could result in additional new regulations being directed towards regional banks, designed to address the recent negative developments in the banking industry. These potential regulatory reactions could increase the Company’s costs of doing business, lead to an increased risk of regulatory oversight actions or restrictions, result in decreased regulatory support for merger and acquisition activity, and reduce our profitability. Among other things, there may be an increased focus by both regulators and investors on deposit composition, levels of uninsured deposits, embedded interest rate risk on bank balance sheets, and bank risk management programs generally. As a primarily commercial bank, the Bank has a relatively higher percentage of uninsured deposits compared to larger national banks or smaller community banks with a stronger focus on retail deposits. As a result, the Bank could face increased scrutiny or be viewed as higher risk by regulators and the investor community.

As one example of regulatory reactions to the bank failures that occurred in 2023, the FDIC imposed a special assessment on certain financial institutions, including our Bank, to recover associated losses to the FDIC’s Deposit Insurance Fund, based on the levels of uninsured deposits maintained by such financial institutions.  It is possible that the Bank could be subject to similar assessments in the future which would adversely affect our costs and profitability.

We face a risk of noncompliance and enforcement action with the Bank Secrecy Act and other anti-money laundering statutes and regulations.

The Bank Secrecy Act, the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001, and other laws and regulations require financial institutions, among other duties, to institute and maintain an effective anti-money laundering program and file suspicious activity and currency transaction reports as appropriate. The federal Financial Crimes Enforcement Network is authorized to impose significant civil money penalties for violations of those requirements and has recently engaged in coordinated enforcement efforts with the individual federal banking regulators, as well as the U.S. Department of Justice, Drug Enforcement Administration, and Internal Revenue Service. We are also subject to scrutiny of compliance with the rules enforced by the Office of Foreign Assets Control and compliance with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. If our policies, procedures and systems are deemed deficient, we would be subject to liability, including fines and regulatory actions, which may include restrictions on our ability to pay dividends and the necessity to obtain regulatory approvals to proceed with certain aspects of our business plans. Failure to maintain and implement adequate programs to combat money laundering and terrorist financing could also have serious reputational consequences for us. Any of these results could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

The impact of current capital rules may materially affect our operations.

We are subject to stringent capital requirements. These current capital rules may adversely affect our ability to pay dividends, or require us to reduce business levels or raise capital, including in ways that may adversely affect our business, liquidity, financial condition and results of operations. Any future regulatory capital requirements may similarly adversely affect us.

28

Under the current capital standards, if our Common Equity Tier 1 Capital does not include the required “capital conservation buffer,” we will be prohibited from paying dividends to our shareholders. The capital conservation buffer requirement, which is measured in addition to the minimum Common Equity Tier 1 capital of 4.5%, is now 2.5%. Additionally, under the capital standards, if our Common Equity Tier 1 Capital does not include the “capital conservation buffer,” we will also be prohibited from paying discretionary bonuses to our executive employees. This may affect our ability to attract or retain employees, or could alter the nature of the compensation arrangements that we may enter into with them.

Increasing scrutiny and evolving expectations from regulators, customers, investors, and other stakeholders with respect to our environmental, social and governance practices may impose additional costs on us or expose us to new or additional risks.

Many companies are facing increasing scrutiny from regulators, customers, investors, and other stakeholders related to their environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) practices and disclosures. Investor advocacy groups, investment funds and influential investors are also increasingly focused on these practices, especially as they relate to the environment, health and safety, diversity, labor conditions and human rights. Increased ESG-related compliance costs for us as well as among our suppliers, vendors and various other parties within our supply chain could result in increases to our overall operational costs. Failure to adapt to or comply with regulatory requirements or investor or stakeholder expectations and standards could negatively impact our reputation, ability to do business with certain partners, access to capital, and our stock price. Both recently adopted and pending government regulations, including recently adopted regulations in California, will result in new or more stringent forms of ESG oversight and expanding mandatory and voluntary reporting, diligence, and disclosure.

Managing reputational risk is important to attracting and maintaining customers, investors and employees.

Threats to our reputation can come from many sources, including adverse sentiment about financial institutions generally, unethical practices, employee mistakes, misconduct or fraud, failure to deliver minimum standards of service, failure of any product or service offered by us to meet our customers’ expectations, compliance deficiencies, privacy or information security breaches, government investigations, litigation, and questionable or fraudulent activities of our employees or customers. We have policies and procedures in place to protect our reputation and promote ethical conduct, but these policies and procedures may not be fully effective. Negative publicity regarding our business, employees, or customers, with or without merit, may result in the loss of customers, investors and employees, costly litigation, a decline in revenues and increased governmental scrutiny and regulation.

We depend on the accuracy and completeness of information provided by customers and counterparties.

In deciding whether to extend credit or enter into other transactions with customers and counterparties, we may rely on information furnished to us by, or on behalf of, customers and counterparties, including financial statements and other financial information. We also may rely on representations of customers and counterparties as to the accuracy and completeness of that information. In deciding whether to extend credit, we may rely upon our customers’ representations that their financial statements are accurate. We also may rely on customer representations and certifications, or other audit or accountants’ reports, with respect to the business and financial condition of our commercial clients. Our financial condition, results of operations, financial reporting and reputation could be materially adversely affected if we rely on materially misleading, false, inaccurate or fraudulent information.

We are subject to legal and litigation risk which could adversely affect us.

Because our Company is extensively regulated by a variety of federal and state agencies, and because we are subject to a wide range of business, consumer and employment laws and regulations at the federal, state and local levels, we are at risk of governmental investigations and lawsuits as well as claims and litigation from private parties. We are from time to time involved in disputes with and claims from investors, customers, bankruptcy trustees, government agencies, vendors, employees and other business parties, and such disputes and claims may result in investigations, litigation or settlements, any one of which or in the aggregate could have an adverse impact on the Company’s operating flexibility, employee relations, financial condition or results of operations, as a result of the costs of any judgment, the terms of any settlement and/or the expenses incurred in defending the applicable claim.

We are unable, at this time, to estimate our potential liability in these matters, but we may be required to pay judgments, settlements or other penalties and incur other costs and expenses in connection with any one or more of these investigations or lawsuits, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, responding to requests for information in connection with discovery demanded by a government agency or private plaintiffs in any of these lawsuits may be costly and divert internal resources away from managing our business. See Item 3 — 
Legal Proceedings
 below.

29

We may be subject to customer claims and government or legal actions pertaining to our ability to safeguard our customers’ information and the performance of our fiduciary responsibilities. Whether or not such customer claims and legal actions are founded or unfounded, if such claims and legal actions are not resolved in a manner favorable to us, they may result in significant financial liability and/or adversely affect the market perception of us and our products and services, as well as impact customer demand for those products and services. Any financial liability or reputation damage could have a material adverse effect on our business, which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

Risks Associated with our Common Stock

The price of our common stock may be volatile or may decline.

The trading price of our common stock may fluctuate widely as a result of a number of factors, many of which are outside our control. In addition, the stock market is subject to fluctuations in its share prices and trading volumes that affect the market prices of the shares of many companies. These specific and broad market fluctuations could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. Among the factors that could affect our stock price are:

•
actual or unanticipated fluctuations in our operating results and financial condition; 

•
changes in liquidity, revenue or earnings estimates or publication of research reports and recommendations by financial analysts; 

•
credit events or losses; 

•
failure to meet analysts’ revenue or earnings estimates; 

•
speculation in the press or investment community; 

•
strategic actions by us or our competitors, such as acquisitions or restructurings; 

•
actions or trades by institutional shareholders or other large shareholders; 

•
our capital position; 

•
fluctuations in the stock price and operating results of our competitors; 

•
actions by hedge funds, short term investors, activist shareholders or shareholder representative organizations; 

•
general market conditions and, in particular, developments relating to the financial services industry and interest rates; 

•
proposed or adopted regulatory changes or developments; 

•
unanticipated or pending investigations, proceedings or litigation that involve or affect the Company and/or the Bank; 

•
fraud losses or data or privacy breaches; or 

•
domestic and international economic factors, whether related or unrelated to the Company’s performance.

The market price of our common stock and the trading volume in our common stock may fluctuate and cause significant price variations to occur. The trading price of the shares of our common stock and the value of our other securities will depend on many factors, which may change from time to time, including, without limitation, our financial condition, performance, creditworthiness and prospects, future sales of our equity or equity related securities, and other factors identified above in “Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements”.  A significant decline in our stock price could result in substantial losses for individual shareholders and could lead to costly and disruptive securities litigation. Extensive sales by large shareholders could also exert sustained downward pressure on our stock price.

An investment in our common stock is not an insured deposit.

Our common stock is not a bank deposit and, therefore, is not insured against loss by the FDIC, any other deposit insurance fund or by any other public or private entity. Investment in our common stock is inherently risky for the reasons described in this “Risk Factors” section and elsewhere in this report and is subject to the same market forces that affect the price of common stock in any company. As a result, if you acquire our common stock, you could lose some or all of your investment.

Our common stock is subordinate to our existing and future indebtedness and preferred stock.

Shares of our common stock are equity interests and do not constitute indebtedness. As such, our common stock ranks junior to all our customer deposits and indebtedness, whether now existing or hereafter incurred, and other non-equity claims on us, with respect to assets available to satisfy claims. Additionally, holders of common stock are subject to the prior

30

liquidation rights of the holders of any outstanding debt we have now or may issue in the future and may be subject to the prior dividend and liquidation rights of any series of preferred stock we may issue in the future.

Anti-takeover provisions and federal law may limit the ability of another party to acquire us, which could cause our stock price to decline.

Various provisions of our articles of incorporation and by-laws and certain other actions we have taken could delay or prevent a third-party from acquiring us, even if doing so might be beneficial to our shareholders. The Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended, and the Change in Bank Control Act of 1978, as amended, together with federal regulations, require that, depending on the particular circumstances, regulatory approval and/or appropriate regulatory filings may be required from either or all the Federal Reserve, the FDIC, the DFPI prior to any person or entity acquiring “control” (as defined in the applicable regulations) of a state non-member bank, such as the Bank. These provisions may prevent a merger or acquisition that would be attractive to shareholders and could limit the price investors would be willing to pay in the future for our common stock.

We could reduce or discontinue the payment of dividends on our common stock.

The ability of the Bank to pay dividends to the Company and of the Company to pay dividends to our shareholders is limited by applicable federal and California law and regulations. If the Bank is unable to meet regulatory requirements to pay dividends or make other distributions to CVB, CVB will be unable to pay dividends to its shareholders. In addition, our Board of Directors could decide in the future to reduce or discontinue the payment of cash dividends on our common stock in its sole discretion. See “Business — Regulation and Supervision” and “Item 7. 
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Liquidity and Cash Flow.”

Other Risks

We may face other risks.

From time to time, we detail other risks with respect to our business and/or financial results in our filings with the SEC. For further discussion on additional areas of risk, see “Item 7. 
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
.”

31

ITEM 1B.  
UNRESO
LVED STAFF COMMENTS

None

ITEM 1C. 

CYBERSECURITY
Cyber criminals are becoming more sophisticated and effective every day, and they are increasingly targeting financial institutions. All companies utilizing technology are subject to threats and potential breaches of their cybersecurity programs. Any significant disruption in or unauthorized access to our computer systems or those of third parties that we utilize in our operations, including those relating to cybersecurity or arising from cyber-attacks, could result in a loss or degradation of service, unauthorized access, disclosure or destruction of data, including customer and bank information. To mitigate the threat to our business, we take a comprehensive approach to cybersecurity risk management and make securing the data customers and other stakeholders entrust to us a top priority. Our board of directors (the “Board”), through our Audit Committee, and our management, are actively involved in the oversight of our cybersecurity risk management program.
As described in more detail below, we have established policies, standards, processes and practices for assessing, identifying, and managing material risks from cybersecurity threats. We have devoted significant financial and personnel resources to implement and maintain security measures to meet regulatory requirements and customer expectations, and we intend to continue to make significant investments to maintain the security of our data and cybersecurity infrastructure. There can be no guarantee that our policies, standards, processes, and procedures, and cyber security safeguards will be sufficient to protect against all possible threats and properly followed in every instance, or that those policies and procedures will be effective. Although our Risk Factors include further detail about the material cybersecurity risks we face, we believe that risks from prior cybersecurity threats, including as a result of any previous cybersecurity incidents, 
have not materially affected our business
 to date. We can provide no assurance that there will not be incidents in the future or that they will not materially affect us, including our business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition.

Risk Management and Strategy
Our policies, standards, processes and practices for assessing, identifying, and managing material risks from cybersecurity threats are 
integrated
 into our overall risk management program and are based on applicable banking regulations, including the Interagency Guidelines Establishing Information Security Standards (“Interagency Guidelines”), and a Cybersecurity Assessment Framework.
 Our cybersecurity program in particular focuses on the following key areas:
Process

Our cybersecurity risks are identified and addressed through a cross-functional approach that includes coordination through our Corporate Information Security Committee, which includes senior managers in our information security, information technology, operations, risk, compliance and privacy departments or functions.  Key security, operations, risk, compliance and privacy stakeholders meet regularly to develop strategies for preserving the confidentiality, integrity and availability of Company and customer information, identifying, preventing and mitigating cybersecurity threats, and effectively responding to cybersecurity incidents. We maintain controls and procedures that are designed to follow state and federal regulations to ensure prompt escalation of certain cybersecurity incidents so that decisions regarding public disclosure and reporting of such incidents can be made by management and our Board in a timely manner.
Risk Assessment
At least annually, we conduct a cybersecurity risk assessment that takes into account information from internal stakeholders, known information security vulnerabilities, and information from external sources (e.g., reported security incidents that have impacted other companies, industry trends, and evaluations by third parties and consultants). The results of the assessment are used to drive alignment on, and prioritization of, initiatives to enhance our security controls, make 
recommendations to improve processes, and inform a broader enterprise-level risk assessment that is presented to our Board, Audit Committee and members of management
.
Technical Safeguards
We regularly assess and deploy technical safeguards designed to protect our information systems from cybersecurity threats. Such safeguards are regularly evaluated and improved based on vulnerability assessments, cybersecurity threat intelligence and incident response experience.

32

Incident Response, Recovery Planning and Disclosure
Our Bank is subject to the Interagency Guidelines, as noted above, and our Company is subject to the SEC’s Rules on Cybersecurity Risk Management, Strategy, Governance, and Incident Disclosure by Public Companies adopted in July 2023.  In accordance with these rules and regulations, we have sought to establish comprehensive incident response and recovery plans, and we continue to regularly test and evaluate the effectiveness of those plans. Our incident response and recovery plans address — and guide our employees, management and the Board on — our planned response to a cybersecurity incident.  With respect to the potential disclosure of material cybersecurity incidents, we have designated our management Financial Review and Disclosure Committee as the proper forum to address such issues. Members of Financial Review and Disclosure Committee include the Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”), General Counsel, Chief Operating Officer (“COO”), Chief Risk Officer (“CRO”), and the Chief Information Security Officer (“CISO”).
Third-Party Risk Management
We have implemented controls designed to identify and mitigate cybersecurity threats associated with our use of 
third-party service providers
, in the manner and to the extent required by our bank regulators and applicable regulations. Such third-party providers are subject to security risk assessments at the time of onboarding, and contract renewal. We use a variety of inputs in such risk assessments, including information supplied by such third-party providers and other industry sources. In addition, we require our third-party providers to 
meet appropriate security requirements, controls and responsibilities and to investigate and report on security incidents
 that have impacted their operations, as appropriate.
Education and Awareness
Our policies require each of our employees to participate in our data security efforts. We regularly remind employees of the importance of handling and protecting customer and employee data, including through annual privacy and security training to enhance employee awareness of how to detect and respond to cybersecurity threats. We also conduct regular phishing email exercises and training to test employees of security practices to mitigate this threat.

External Assessments
Our cybersecurity policies, standards, processes and practices are periodically assessed by third parties and internal and external auditors. These assessments include a variety of activities including information security maturity assessments, audits and independent reviews of our information security control environment and operating effectiveness. These assessments are reported to senior management and our Board through its Audit Committee. Cybersecurity processes are adjusted based on the information provided from these assessments.

Governance
Board Oversight
Our Board, through its Audit Committee, oversees the management of our cybersecurity program led by our CISO. 
The Audit Committee receives regular reports from management about the prevention, detection, mitigation, and remediation of cybersecurity threats and incidents, including material security risks and information security vulnerabilities.  Specifically, the Audit Committee receives regular updates from our CISO on cybersecurity risk resulting from risk assessments, progress of risk reduction initiatives, external auditor feedback, and any relevant internal and industry cybersecurity incidents.
Management’s Responsibility
The Bank's 
cybersecurity program is managed by our 
CISO
, who reports to the Audit Committee. 
Management’s Corporate Information Security Committee (the “Security Committee”), led by our CISO, is a governance body that drives alignment on security decisions across multiple departments and functional areas within the Bank, while monitoring and managing Cyber risks to minimize exposure to the Bank.
 Members of the Security Committee include the Chief Information Officer (“CIO”), the CRO, and the COO.  The Security Committee oversees processes for assessing, identifying, and managing material risks from cybersecurity threats. 
The Security Committee meets at least quarterly to review cybersecurity performance metrics, identify cybersecurity risks, and assess the status of approved cybersecurity enhancements
. 
The Security Committee also considers and makes recommendations on cybersecurity policies and procedures, service requirements, and risk mitigation strategies.

33

Our CISO has more than 27 years of Information Technology and 21 years of Information Security experience in financial services including two other regional banks.  He holds an undergraduate and master’s degree in Cybersecurity and Information Assurance. Our CIO has 25 years of information technology experience and 18 years of experience in the financial services industry.  Our CRO has more than 33 years of experience in Banking and over 15 years of experience in risk management, compliance, and BSA.  Our COO is a seasoned bank operations executive with over 35 years of banking experience in Operations, Vendor Management, IT, Security, Treasury Management and Payment Operations.

ITEM 2.    
P
ROPERTIES

The principal executive offices of the Company and the Bank are located in Ontario, California, and are owned by the Company.

As of  December 31, 2024, the Bank occupied a total of 65 premises consisting of (i) 62 Banking Centers (“Centers”) of which one Center is located at our Corporate Headquarters in Ontario California, and (ii) three operation and technology centers. We own 10 of these locations and the remaining properties are leased under various agreements with expiration dates ranging from 2025 through 2042. All properties are located in Southern and Central California.

For additional information concerning properties, see Note 7 — 
Premises and Equipment
 and Note 21 — 
Leases 
of the Notes to the consolidated financial statements included in this report. See “Item 8 — 
Financial Statements and Supplemental Data
.”

ITEM 3.

LEGA
L PROCEEDINGS

The Company and its subsidiaries are parties to various lawsuits and threatened lawsuits in the course of business. From time to time, such lawsuits and threatened lawsuits may include, but are not limited to, actions involving securities litigation, employment matters, wage-hour and labor law claims, consumer claims, regulatory compliance claims, data privacy claims, lender liability claims, bankruptcy-related claims, and fraud and negligence claims, some of which may be styled as “class action” or representative cases. Some of these lawsuits may be similar in nature to other lawsuits pending against the Company’s competitors. For additional information concerning legal proceedings, see Note 12 — 
Commitments and Contingencies
 of the Notes to the consolidated financial statements included in this report.

For lawsuits where the Company has determined that a loss is both probable and reasonably estimable, a liability representing the best estimate of the Company’s financial exposure based on known facts has been recorded in accordance with FASB guidance over loss contingencies (ASC 450). However, as a result of inherent uncertainties in judicial interpretation and application of a myriad of laws and regulations applicable to the Company’s business, and the unique, complex factual issues presented in any given lawsuit, the Company often cannot determine the probability of loss or estimate the amount of damages which a plaintiff might successfully prove if the Company were found to be liable. For lawsuits or threatened lawsuits where a claim has been asserted or the Company has determined that it is probable that a claim will be asserted, and there is a reasonable possibility that the outcome will be unfavorable, the Company will disclose the existence of the loss contingency, even if the Company is not able to make an estimate of the possible loss or range of possible loss with respect to the action or potential action in question, unless the Company believes that the nature, potential magnitude or potential timing (if known) of the loss contingency is not reasonably likely to be material to the Company’s liquidity, consolidated financial position, and/or results of operations.

Our accruals and disclosures for loss contingencies are reviewed quarterly and adjusted as additional information becomes available. We disclose a loss contingency and/or the amount accrued if we believe it is reasonably likely to be material or if we believe such disclosure is necessary for our financial statements to not be misleading. If we determine that an exposure to loss exists in excess of an amount previously accrued or disclosed, we assess whether there is at least a reasonable possibility that a loss, or additional loss, may have been incurred, and we adjust our accruals and disclosures accordingly.

We do not presently believe that the ultimate resolution of any lawsuits currently pending against the Company will have a material adverse effect on the Company’s results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows. The outcome of litigation and other legal and regulatory matters is inherently uncertain, however, and it is possible that one or more of the legal matters currently pending or threatened against the Company could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.

34

ITEM 4.

MINE 
SAFETY 
DISCLOSURES

Not applicable.

PART II

ITEM 5.

MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT’S CO
MMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

CVB’s common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Select National Market under the symbol “CVBF.” CVB had approximately 139,617,917 shares of common stock outstanding with 1,831 registered stockholders of record as of February 24, 2025.

For information on the statutory and regulatory limitations on the ability of the Company to pay dividends to its shareholders and on the Bank to pay dividends to CVB, see “