ITEM 3.

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

38

ITEM 4.

MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES

38

PART II

ITEM 5.

MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

39

ITEM 6.

RESERVED

40

ITEM 7.

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

41

ITEM 7A.

QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

50

ITEM 8.

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

51

ITEM 9.

CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

52

ITEM 9A.

CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

52

ITEM 9B.

OTHER INFORMATION

52

ITEM 9C.

DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS

52

PART III

ITEM 10.

DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

53

ITEM 11.

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

53

ITEM 12.

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

53

ITEM 13.

CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE

53

ITEM 14.

PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES

53

PART IV

ITEM 15.

EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

54

ITEM 16.

FORM 10-K SUMMARY

57

SIGNATURES

58

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

59

2

PAR
T I

Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

This Annual Report on Form 10-K (Report) contains forward-looking statements regarding future events or our future financial and operational performance. Forward-looking statements include statements regarding markets for our products; trends in net sales, gross profits, and estimated expense levels; liquidity and anticipated cash needs and availability; and any statement that contains the words “anticipate,” “believe,” “plan,” “forecast,” “foresee,” “estimate,” “project,” “expect,” “seek,” “target,” “intend,” “goal” and other similar expressions. The forward-looking statements included in this Report reflect our current expectations and beliefs, and we do not undertake publicly to update or revise these statements, even if experience or future changes make it clear that any projected results expressed in this Report or future quarterly reports to stockholders, press releases or company statements will not be realized. In addition, the inclusion of any statement in this Report does not constitute an admission by us that the events or circumstances described in such statement are material. Furthermore, we wish to caution and advise readers that these statements are based on assumptions that may not materialize and may involve risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, that could cause actual events or performance to differ materially from those contained or implied in these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include the business and economic risks described in “Item 1A, Risk Factors”.

Unless otherwise indicated or unless the context requires otherwise, all references to time periods refer to our fiscal year, and all reference to “TTM,” “the Company,” “we,” “us,” “our,” and similar names refer to TTM Technologies, Inc. and its subsidiaries.

ITEM 1. 
B
USINESS

General

We are a leading global manufacturer of technology solutions, including mission systems, radio frequency (RF) components, RF microwave/microelectronic assemblies, and quick-turn and technologically advanced printed circuit boards (PCB). According to a December 2024 report by Prismark Partners, we are one of the largest PCB manufacturers in the world based on 2023 revenue. In 2024, we generated approximately $2.4 billion in net sales and ended the year with approximately 16,400 employees worldwide.

We currently operate a total of 23 specialized facilities in North America and Asia. We focus on providing time-to-market and volume production of advanced technology products and offer a one-stop design, engineering and manufacturing solution to our customers. This solution allows us to align technology development with the diverse needs of our customers and to enable them to reduce the time required to develop new products and bring them to market. We serve a diversified customer base consisting of approximately 1,400 customers in various markets throughout the world, including aerospace and defense, data center computing, automotive, medical, industrial and instrumentation, and networking. Our customers include original equipment manufacturers (OEMs), electronic manufacturing services (EMS) providers, original design manufacturers (ODMs), distributors, and government agencies (both domestic and allied foreign governments).

We report our worldwide operations based on two reportable segments: (1) 
PCB
, which consists of 15 domestic system, subsystem, and PCB plants; four PCB fabrication plants in China; one in Malaysia; and one in Canada; and (2) 
RF and Specialty Components (RF&S Components)
, which consists of one domestic RF component plant and one RF component plant in China. Each segment operates predominantly in the same industries with facilities that produce customized products for our customers and use similar means of product distribution.

Additional information on our reportable segments and product information is contained in Part II, Item 8, Note 10, 
Segment Information
, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

Industry Overview

TTM provides a variety of hardware technology solutions, including completely designed and engineered systems, RF microwave/microelectronic assemblies, product lines of RF components, and technologically advanced PCBs.

TTM’s engineered systems are sold primarily to the aerospace and defense market, generally tier one subcontractors but also directly to government agencies (both domestic and allied foreign governments). Due, in part, to an increasing global threat environment, the President’s U.S. Department of Defense budget request grew by nearly $34 billion, or 4.2% over the two-year period, from the fiscal year 2023 actual to the fiscal year 2025 request according to the United States Department of Defense Fiscal Year 2025 Budget Request Overview Book. Additionally, due to modernization priorities, an increased proportion of defense budgets is geared towards defense electronics such as radar, communications, and surveillance. These are the key markets for our engineered systems products.

TTM’s RF microwave/microelectronic assemblies are also used in complete defense electronic systems and sold to tier one subcontractors. They benefit from increasing electronics content in defense programs as well as increased focus on solid-state active electronically scanned array (AESA) radar systems. Based on our internal market intelligence, we expect this market to grow faster than the overall defense market.

TTM also offers a variety of high-volume commercial RF components product lines. These components are utilized by TTM’s customers to achieve advance signal conditioning in transceiver applications for 5G and other communication systems. Examples of

3

RF components offered are: Hybrid and Directional Couplers, Baluns, Power Dividers, and RF Resistors. All of these products are highly engineered to meet the customers' critical high-performance and size requirements. The growth of the 5G transceiver market is expected to exceed overall telecommunications market growth over the next several years.

PCBs are manufactured in panels from sheets of laminated material. Each panel is typically subdivided into multiple PCBs, each consisting of a pattern of electrical circuitry etched from copper to provide an electrical connection between the components mounted to it. PCBs serve as the foundation for virtually all electronic products, including the electronic components integrated into automobiles, high-end commercial electronic equipment (such as medical equipment, data communications routers, switches, and servers), and aerospace and defense electronic systems.

Products designed to offer faster data transmission, thinner and more lightweight packaging, and reduced power consumption generally require increasingly complex PCBs to meet these criteria. By using advanced technology PCB product solutions such as High-Density Interconnect (HDI) and Substrate-like PCB (SLP) technologies, circuit densities can be increased, thereby providing for smaller products with higher packaging densities. Furthermore, rigid-flex circuits can be found in small and lightweight end products

and other space-challenged electronics packaging applications across all end markets. Some PCB manufacturers also manufacture high-performance substrates that serve as the interconnect between integrated circuits (IC) and the PCB in many advanced electronic products serving a wide variety of end markets. Combined with the engineered systems and assemblies described earlier, we collectively refer to all of these technologies as “advanced technologies", and they generally have growth rates which are higher than conventional technologies. In addition, most of our markets have low volume requirements during the prototype stage that demand a highly flexible manufacturing environment which later transitions to a higher volume requirement during product ramp.

According to estimates in a December 2024 report by Prismark Partners, worldwide demand for PCBs was expected to be $73.6 billion for 2024. Of this worldwide demand for production in 2024, Prismark Partners reports that PCB production in the Americas accounted for approximately 5% (approximately $3.4 billion), PCB production in China accounted for approximately 56% (approximately $41.0 billion), and PCB production in the rest of the world accounted for approximately 39% (approximately $29.2 billion). According to the same report by Prismark Partners, worldwide demand for PCBs is forecast to grow at a 5.6% compound annual growth rate (CAGR) from 2023 to 2028 driven by recovery from the 2023 market downturn, continued expected growth in the data center and networking end markets from various demand sources including generative artificial intelligence (AI), and continued projected growth in the aerospace and defense end market from increasing defense growth. From a product standpoint, the fastest growth is expected to be in HDI, high layer count boards, and substrates.

Industry Trends

We believe that several trends impacting the advanced hardware technology design and manufacturing industry will benefit us in the future. These trends include:

Increasing complexity of electronic products,

which requires technologically complex PCBs that can accommodate higher speeds and component densities, including high layer count, HDI, flexible, and substrate-like PCBs as well as intricately engineered RF components and subsystems and completely designed engineered systems.

Increasing domestic demand for microelectronics advanced packaging assembly,
 which utilizes HDI and substrate-like PCBs in their construction, to integrate chiplets into heterogeneous integrated packages – SIPs (system in package), utilizing both 2.5D and 3D construction with organic, silicon, and glass interposers.

Higher demand for reliable products manufactured in the U.S. and South East Asia, 
stemming from closer U.S. government oversight of sub‑tier supply chain materials and controls. In addition, trade tensions between the U.S. and China as well as the conflicts between Russia and Ukraine and other global conflicts have increased the importance of supply chain partners with strong domestic capabilities and manufacturing footprints.

Increasing use of hardware technology solutions in diverse end markets as advanced electronics enable new capabilities. 
Many end markets that TTM serves have generally seen or are otherwise seeing a renaissance of growth opportunities due to the implementation of sophisticated electronics. In the defense market, solid-state radar systems referred to as AESA are being adopted in key new defense programs, replacing legacy mechanical systems. Also, the proliferation of sensors, data, data processing, and communications within the operational environment is driving significant growth in sophisticated electronic components as well as integrated systems. In the medical end market, remote diagnostic systems and robotics are seeing increasing adoption. In data center computing and networking, investments in generative AI and advanced networking are leading to demand for more advanced PCBs, supporting an ever connected world. Finally, in the automotive market, an increasing trend

toward sophisticated safety systems, automated driving, electric/hybrid vehicles, connectivity, and miniaturization of electronic devices is driving increasing electronic content and higher PCB usage in automobiles, particularly with regard to the increased demand for advanced technologies like HDI, and RF PCBs for radar and sensor applications.

Supply chain consolidation by commercial

OEMs.
 We believe that technology solution providers that can offer one-stop manufacturing capabilities — from prototype to volume production — with a globally diverse manufacturing footprint and integration capabilities have a competitive advantage in the market.

4

Our Strategy

Our vision is to inspire innovation as a global preeminent technology solutions company. Our core strategy includes the following elements:

Provide differentiated capabilities by incorporating advanced design-to-specification engineering support, testing, components, and specialized assembly into the value-added solution provided to customers. 
   With our acquisition of Anaren in 2018, we moved beyond build-to-print manufacturing and assembly capabilities to engage with customers in designing a more complete RF solution to meet their technology needs. As a result of the additional design capabilities that stemmed from the acquisition, we are more capable of providing cost-effective, ready for manufacture, enabling technologies to the customer. With our acquisition of Telephonics in 2022, we built on the Anaren acquisition to expand into integrated systems, and deepen our RF and radar related engagement with key aerospace and defense customers.

Maintain our customer-driven culture and provide superior service to our customers in our core markets of aerospace and defense, automotive, data center computing, medical/industrial/instrumentation, and networking.

Our customer-oriented culture is designed to achieve extraordinary service, competitive differentiation, and superior execution. Our customer-oriented strategies include engaging in co-development of new products, capturing new technology products for next generation equipment, and continuing investments to enhance our broad offering of PCB and RF/microwave technologies from components through integrated mission systems. We have invested in and employ a diverse group of design engineers and field application engineers (FAEs) to provide technical expertise to our customers with the goal of designing the best product and service solutions for their needs, and to provide ongoing technical support. We believe our ability to anticipate and meet customers’ needs is critical to retaining existing customers and attracting leading companies as new customers.

Drive operational efficiency and productivity.

We are highly focused on improving our operational execution to increase efficiency, productivity, and yields. We strongly believe in the benefits of sharing best practices across our extensive manufacturing footprint and rely on stringent goals for throughput, quality, and customer satisfaction to measure our effectiveness. The fast-paced nature of our business requires a disciplined approach to manufacturing that is rooted in continuous improvement.

Accelerate customer, end market, and technology diversification through strategic mergers and acquisitions.

We have a history of executing successful acquisitions that have been key to our growth and profitability. Historically, we focused on strategic opportunities that could facilitate our efforts to further diversify into other growing end markets. Now that we have a more diversified end market mix, our focus is to expand our presence in existing end markets, particularly aerospace and defense which has longer product and program life cycles. We will also look for strategic opportunities that further strengthen our leading-edge technology capabilities. For example, the acquisition of Anaren in 2018 added critical RF engineering, simulation, and integration capabilities, the acquisition of certain assets of i3 Electronics, Inc. (i3) in 2019 allowed us to broaden our technology portfolio for high mix, low volume advanced technology PCBs, and the subsequent acquisition of Telephonics in 2022 significantly expanded our aerospace and defense product offering vertically into highly engineered integrated mission system solutions and horizontally into surveillance and communications markets, while strengthening our position in radar systems.

Accelerate our expansion into growing markets using our advanced technology as a key point of differentiation.

With rising requirements for faster data transmission, shrinking features (i.e., lightweight and thin), and lower power consumption, many PCB designs have migrated to more complex HDI PCBs from conventional multilayer PCB technologies. This trend began with PCBs used in portable devices such as smartphones and other mobile devices but has become an increasing trend in other end markets, such as automotive, data center computing, networking, medical, and aerospace and defense. As our customers consolidate their supply chains, our objective is to differentiate ourselves as a strategic supplier with the technology breadth to meet most, if not all, of our customers’ PCB and RF related requirements. In the defense industry, there is growing use of electronics, particularly RF/Microwave technologies to develop AESA radars and other integrated mission systems that demonstrate significant performance improvement over traditional systems.

Address customer needs in all stages of the product life cycle.

By aiming to provide a one-stop solution, we work to service our customers’ needs from the earliest stages of product design and development through volume production. We believe that by servicing our customers early in the development process, we are able to demonstrate our capabilities and establish an incumbent position early in the product development cycle, which translates into additional opportunities as our customers move into volume production. We believe our expertise is enhanced by our ability to deliver highly complex PCBs to customers in significantly compressed lead times. This rapid delivery service enables OEMs to develop sophisticated electronic products more quickly and reduce their time to market. We believe we will be able to continue to increase customer engagement with customized RF solutions from the concept stage through volume production, which typically results in intensified customer engagement. Further, by providing complete engineered systems, we are working more closely with the end customer, providing them with a more complete final product which also enhances our early engagement.

Deliver consistently strong financial performance and execute on our balance sheet strategy.

We aspire to deliver industry‑leading financial performance. We expect to achieve this by servicing our customers’ needs in higher-growth end markets in a cost‑efficient and effective manner. We believe that this strategy will allow us to generate strong cash flows, which we expect will provide us with the financial flexibility for continued investments for growth and return of capital to shareholders.

5

Continuously enhance the elements that make TTM an appealing employer.

We aim to attract the right employees who are aligned with our values and desire growth in their professional careers. We believe our employee engagement model, emphasis on communications and inclusion, commitment to career development and talent, and collaborative culture are the top reasons employees embrace us. Our ability to retain valued talent while attracting the right candidates is paramount to our continued human capital strategy.

Products and Services

We offer a wide range of engineered systems, RF and microwave assemblies, HDI PCBs, flexible PCBs, rigid-flex PCBs, custom assemblies and system integration, IC substrates, passive RF components, advanced ceramic RF components, hi-reliability multi-chip modules, beamforming and switching networks, PCB products, RF components, and backplane/custom assembly solutions, including conventional PCBs. We also offer certain value-added services to support our customers’ needs. These include design‑for‑manufacturability (DFM), PCB layout design, simulation and testing services, and quick turnaround (QTA) production. For our RF subassemblies and components, we provide specialized assembly and RF testing to offer value-added solutions to our customers. By offering this wide range of engineered systems, RF components and subsystems, PCB products, and complementary value-added services, we aim to provide our customers with a “one-stop” manufacturing solution for their hardware technology and integration requirements. We believe this differentiates us from our competition and enhances our customer relationships. Below we describe our product lines in more detail.

Radar Systems

We provide a wide range of high-performing, lightweight, and cost-effective maritime surveillance and weather avoidance radar systems for fixed- and rotary-wing aircraft, Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs), and shipboard platforms to the U.S. government, tier one OEMs, and numerous international defense agencies. At this time, we are also the sole provider of the U.S. Navy’s AN/APS-153 multi-mode radar on the MH-60R helicopter, and the communications suite within the MH-60R/S multi-mission helicopters. Our maritime surveillance radars offer advanced features such as Ground Moving Target Indicator (GMTI), Synthetic Aperture Radar (SAR), Inverse Synthetic Aperture Radar (ISAR), Automatic Identification System (AIS), and weather avoidance. We are in the process of developing the next generation multi-mode maritime and overland surveillance AESA radar known as MOSAIC
®
.

Surveillance

We are a global leader in Identification Friend or Foe (IFF), Monopulse Secondary Surveillance Radars (MSSR), and Air Traffic Control (ATC) systems enabling military and civilian air traffic controllers to effectively identify aircraft and vehicles as friendly. We provide both equipment and supporting services required to safely and reliably control flight operations. These systems are used by the U.S. Army, U.S. Navy, U.S. Air Force, U.S. Marines, Federal Aviation Administration (FAA), North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO), and numerous international defense agencies including those of Japan and South Korea. These systems have been fielded globally in a wide range of ground, air, and sea-based applications.

Communications Systems

Our advanced wired and wireless communication systems provide the digital backbone for numerous defense and civil platforms worldwide, including fixed- and rotary-wing aircraft and ground control shelters. These systems are designed to meet stringent customer requirements to support adaptability to special missions and communications protocol requirements. Our vehicle-based intercommunications systems deliver traditional intercom system capabilities while incorporating software-defined features, including an open architecture for integration into vehicle C4 (command, control, communications, and computing) systems, networked communications gateways, and combat vehicles. Commercial audio products and headsets are utilized worldwide in a wide range of military and civilian applications, including audiometric testing. Our communications systems are fielded within the U.S. Army, U.S. Navy, U.S. Air Force, U.S. Marines, and numerous international defense agencies. These systems are also sold to aerospace manufacturers, commercial airlines, and audiometric original equipment manufacturers.

RF and Microwave Assemblies

We design, produce, and test specialized circuits and components used in radio frequency or microwave emission and collection applications. These products are typically used for radar, transmit/receive antennas and similar wireless applications. Markets for these products include defense, avionics, satellite, and commercial applications including telecommunications, networking, instrumentation, and automotive. The manufacture of these products requires advanced materials, equipment, and methods that are highly specialized and distinct from conventional printed circuit manufacturing techniques. We also offer specialized radio frequency assembly and test services. We have developed integrated solutions across our facilities and capabilities to provide sophisticated integrated electronics for numerous platforms, ranging from digital RF memory (DRFM) to frequency up/down converters (UDC) and channelized amplifiers for military and space applications.

Passive RF Components

Our line of products consists of off-the-shelf surface mount microwave components which provide passive microwave signal distribution functions. These products were developed to provide a lower-cost high-performance signal distribution component, which

6

could be placed on standard printed circuit boards with automated production equipment. The primary applications of these products are currently in equipment for cellular base stations and in Wireless Local Area Network (WLAN), Bluetooth, and satellite television. In cellular base stations, our surface mount products are utilized in RF power amplifiers, and are also found in low-noise amplifiers, radios, and antennas. 5G advancements and the continued proliferation of wireless technology may create new applications for these products across other end markets.

Advanced Ceramic RF Components

Our ceramic offerings include standard and etched thick-film ceramic substrates. Etched thick-film ceramic circuits compete favorably with thin-film ceramic circuits in cost while providing comparable performance. These products are generally customer designed in close collaboration with our engineering staff to ensure the highest possible performance and manufacturability. These capabilities are aimed at high-performance applications in the medical, industrial, and defense markets.

Hi-Reliability Multi-Chip Modules

We offer custom hybrid and multi-chip modules, high-performance radiation-hardened and space-qualified microelectronics, and power management and control electronics utilizing traditional chip and wire 2D construction as well as 2.5/3DHI advanced packaging assembly.

Beamforming and Switching Networks

Our beamforming technologies are used in military and aerospace applications, offering a variety of active and passive high‑performance RF assemblies, including L-band/LEO and L- and S-band/GEO space beamformers, UHF thru Ka-band radar AESA RF networks, Butler matrices, multi-octave, and more.

Custom Designed Application Specific Integrated Circuits (ASICs)

Our Custom Integrated Circuits (CIC) group has designed nearly 400 mixed-signal custom ASICs for customers in the automotive, industrial, defense/avionics, and smart energy markets. The CIC organization works with our customers' technical teams, taking complete responsibility for the ASIC development process, from the initial ASIC specification definition through qualification and volume production, to meet the most stringent customer program requirements.

Conventional PCBs

A conventional PCB is made from a composite laminate that is metalized with a conductive material such as copper. The PCB is the basic platform used to interconnect components in most electronic products including computers, networking and communications equipment, high-end consumer electronics, automotive controls, commercial aerospace and defense systems, and medical and industrial equipment. Conventional PCBs can be classified as single-sided, double-sided, and multilayer boards.

We focus on higher layer count conventional PCBs. A multilayer PCB can accommodate more complex circuitry than a single‑sided or double-sided PCB and as such, requires more sophisticated production techniques. The number of layers comprising a PCB often increases with the complexity of the end product. For example, a simple consumer device such as a garage door controller may use a single-sided or double-sided PCB, while a high-end network router or computer server may use a PCB with 30 or more layers.

High-density interconnect or HDI PCBs

Our facilities in North America and Asia also produce HDI PCBs, which are PCBs with higher interconnect density per unit area requiring more sophisticated technology and manufacturing processes for their production than conventional PCB products. HDI PCBs are boards with high-density characteristics including micro-sized holes, or microvias (diameter at or less than 0.15 mm), and fine line circuitry (circuit line width and spacing at or less than 0.075 mm) and are fabricated with thin high-performance materials, thereby enabling more interconnection functions per unit area. HDI PCBs generally are manufactured using a sequential build-up process in which circuitry is formed in the PCB one layer at a time through successive drilling, plating, and lamination cycles. In general, a board’s complexity is a function of interconnect and circuit density, layer count, laminate material type, and surface finishes. As electronic devices have become smaller and more portable with higher functionality, demand for advanced HDI PCB products has increased dramatically. We define advanced HDI PCBs as those having more than one layer of microvia interconnection structure.

Substrate-like PCBs or SLPs

SLPs represent the next evolution of high-end HDI PCBs. SLPs are PCBs with even higher interconnect density per unit area than the traditional advanced HDI PCBs described above requiring an even more sophisticated manufacturing technology adapted from IC substrate fabrication with enhancements to the subtractive and additive techniques of traditional PCBs. This enables fine line circuitry (circuit line width and spacing at or less than 0.03 mm). Demand for this type of high-density circuit is continuing to penetrate the markets of more traditional PCBs. In addition, we now offer an alternative approach to building SLP technology in the United States for lower volume, higher mix commercial and aerospace and defense applications.

7

Flexible PCBs

Flexible PCBs are printed circuits produced on flexible films, allowing them to be folded or bent to fit the available space or allowing for application movement. We manufacture circuits on flexible substrates that can be installed in three-dimensional applications for electronic packaging systems. Use of flexible circuitry can enable improved reliability and electrical performance, reduced weight and reduced assembly costs when compared with traditional wire harness or ribbon cable packaging. Flexible PCBs can provide for flexible electronic connectivity of an electrical device’s apparatus such as printer heads, cameras, televisions, mobile handsets, and tablets. For some of our flexible PCB customers, we also assemble components onto the flexible PCBs we manufacture.

Rigid-flex PCBs

Rigid-flex circuitry provides a simple means to integrate multiple PCB assemblies and other elements such as display, input, or storage devices without wires, cables, or connectors, replacing them with thin, light composites that integrate wiring in ultra-thin, flexible ribbons between rigid sections. In rigid-flex packaging, a flexible circuit substrate provides a backbone of wiring with rigid multilayer circuit sections built up as modules where needed.

Since the ribbons can be bent or folded, rigid-flex provides a means to compactly package electronics in three dimensions with dynamic or static bending functions as required, enabling miniaturization, and thinness of product design. The simplicity of rigid-flex integration also generally reduces the number of parts and interconnections required, which can improve reliability.

Rigid-flex technology is essential to a broad range of applications including aerospace and defense, industrial, and transportation systems requiring high reliability; hand-held and wearable electronics, such as video cameras and music players, where thinness and mechanical articulation are essential; and ultra-miniaturized products such as headsets, medical implants, and semiconductor packaging where size and reliability are paramount.

Custom assemblies

Our assembly facilities produce custom electronic assemblies. Custom electronic assemblies refers to a variety of PCB assemblies such as backplane and mid-plane assemblies, flexible and rigid-flex assemblies, and RF assemblies. Each of these assemblies involves mounting electronic components to a printed circuit board and then testing the assembly for electrical continuity.

IC substrates

IC substrates provide the mechanical support and electrical interconnect used to package ICs (integrated circuits or semiconductors) either in single chip packages or multi-chip modules. IC substrates, also known as chip carriers, are highly miniaturized circuits manufactured by a process largely similar to that for PCBs but requiring the use of ultra-thin materials and including micron-scale features, because they must bridge the gap between sub-micron IC features and millimeter scale PCBs. Consequently, IC substrates are generally manufactured in a clean room environment to ensure products are free of defects and contamination and employ advanced HDI processes and manufacturing approaches used in SLP technology.

Quick turnaround services

We refer to our rapid delivery services as QTA because we provide custom-fabricated PCBs to our customers within as little as 24 hours to ten days. As a result of our ability to rapidly and reliably respond to the critical time requirements of our customers, we generally receive premium pricing for our QTA services as compared to standard lead time prices.

•
Prototype production.
    In the design, testing, and launch phase of a new electronic product, our customers typically require limited quantities of PCBs in a very short period of time. We satisfy this need by manufacturing prototype PCBs in small quantities, with delivery times ranging from as little as 24 hours to ten days. 

•
Ramp-to-volume production.
    After a product has successfully completed the prototype phase, our customers introduce the product to the market and require larger quantities of PCBs in a short period of time. This transition stage between low‑volume prototype production and volume production is known as ramp-to-volume. Our ramp-to-volume services typically include manufacturing up to several hundred PCBs per order with delivery times ranging from five to 15 days. 

Thermal management

Increased component density on circuit boards often requires improved thermal dissipation to reduce operating temperatures. We produce printed circuits with heavy copper cores and both embedded and press-fit coins. In addition, we produce PCBs with electrically passive heat sinks laminated externally on a circuit board or between two circuit boards, as well as PCBs with electrically active thermal cores.

Manufacturing Technologies

The market for our products is characterized by rapidly evolving technology. The trend in the electronic products industry continues to be to implement and develop means to increase the speed, complexity, and performance of components while reducing

8

their size. We believe our technological capabilities allow us to address the needs of manufacturers to bring complicated electronic products to market faster.

To manufacture PCBs, we generally receive circuit designs directly from our customers in the form of computer data files, which we review to ensure data accuracy and product manufacturability. Processing these data files with computer aided manufacturing (CAM) technology, we generate images of the circuit patterns that we then physically develop on individual layers, using advanced photographic and direct imaging processes. Through a variety of plating and etching processes, we selectively add and remove conductive materials to form horizontal layers of thin circuitry, which are separated by electrical insulating material. A multilayer circuit board is produced by laminating together multiple layers of circuitry, using intense heat and pressure under vacuum. Vertical connections between layers are achieved by drilling and plating through small holes, called vias. Vias are made by highly specialized drilling equipment capable of achieving extremely fine tolerances with high accuracy. We specialize in high layer count PCBs with extremely fine geometries and tolerances. Because of the tolerances involved, we employ clean rooms in certain manufacturing processes where tiny particles might otherwise create defects on the circuit patterns. We also use automated optical inspection systems and electrical testing systems to ensure consistent quality of the circuits we produce.

Our highly specialized equipment and advanced manufacturing processes enable us to reliably produce PCBs with the following characteristics:

•
High layer count.
    Manufacturing PCBs with a large number of layers is difficult to accomplish due to the accumulation of manufacturing tolerances and registration systems required. In our PCB reportable segment, we regularly manufacture PCBs with more than 30 layers on a quick-turn and volume basis.

•
Blind and buried vias
.    Vias are drilled holes that provide electrical connectivity between layers of circuitry in a PCB. Blind vias connect the surface layer of the PCB to an internal layer and terminate at the internal layer. Buried vias are holes that do not reach either surface of the PCB but allow inner layers to be interconnected. Products with blind and buried vias can be made thinner, smaller, lighter, and with higher component density and more functionality than products with traditional vias.

•
Microvias
.    HDI technology utilizes microvias, which are small vias with diameters generally less than 0.15 mm after plating. Advanced HDI products may also require the microvias to be fully filled using a specialized plating process so that additional microvia structures can be stacked to form more complex interconnections. These microvias consume much less space on the layers they connect, thereby providing for greater wiring densities and flexibility, and also providing closer spacing of components and their attachment pads. The fabrication of PCBs with microvias requires specialized equipment, such as laser drills, and highly developed process knowledge. Higher end applications in both defense and commercial markets employ microvias to obtain a higher degree of functionality from a given surface area.

•
Embedded passives.
    Embedded passive technology involves embedding either capacitive or resistive elements inside the PCB, which allows for removal of passive components from the surface of the PCB and thereby leaves more surface area for active components. Use of this technology provides greater surface area for surface-mounted ICs and better signal performance, as well as increased functionality of products with higher component density.

•
Fine line traces and spaces.
    Traces are the connecting copper lines between the different components of the PCB, and spaces are the distances between traces. The smaller the traces and the tighter the spaces, the higher the density of the PCB and the greater the expertise required to achieve a desired final yield performance level. We are able to manufacture PCBs with traces and spaces less than 0.030 mm.

•
High aspect ratios.
    The aspect ratio is the ratio between the thickness of the PCB and the diameter of a drilled hole. As the aspect ratio increases, it becomes increasingly difficult to consistently and reliably form, electroplate, and finish all the holes on a PCB. In production, we are able to provide aspect ratios of up to 30:1.

•
Thin core processing.
    A core is the basic inner-layer building block material from which PCBs are constructed. A core consists of a flat sheet of material comprised of glass-reinforced resin with copper foil laminated on either side. The thickness of inner-layer cores is typically determined by the overall thickness of the PCB and the number of layers required. The demand for thinner cores derives from the requirements for thinner PCBs, higher layer counts and various electrical parameters. Core thickness in our PCBs ranges from as little as 0.025 mm up to 1.57 mm.

•
Advanced hole fill processes.
    Our advanced hole fill processes provide designers the opportunity to increase the density of component placements by reducing the surface area required to place many types of components. In traditional design, components are routed from their surface interfaces through via connections in order to access power and ground connections and the internal circuitry used to connect to other discrete components. Our advanced hole fill processes provide methods to allow for vias to be placed inside their respective surface mount pads by filling the vias with a thermoset epoxy and plating flat copper surface mount pads directly over the filled hole.

9

•
Advanced materials
.    We manufacture circuit boards using a wide variety of advanced dielectric materials. These high‑performance materials offer electrical, thermal, and long-term reliability advantages over conventional materials but are more difficult to manufacture. We are certified by Underwriters Laboratories to manufacture PCBs using many types and combinations of these specialty materials. This broad offering allows us to manufacture PCBs for a wide array of end‑use applications, including highly complex PCBs for niche and high-end commercial and aerospace and defense markets.

•
Quick-turn manufacturing
.    In addition, in circumstances where our customers require time critical engineering and manufacturing services, we are able to react to our customers’ needs with our quick-turn manufacturing capabilities.

Our Integrated Electronics manufacturing organization principally designs and manufactures state-of-the-art microwave-based hardware for use in advanced radar systems, advanced jamming systems, missiles, and decoys, electronic surveillance systems, and satellite and ground-based communication systems. Several core manufacturing technology areas include:

•
Electronic Systems Integration.    
Assembly and Testing of Radar, Surveillance and Communications Systems, which are composed of Low/High Power, High Reliability modules that interconnect via cables and harnesses, Circuit cards, Flexprint assemblies, backplanes, Illuminated Panels for the purpose of IFF, Intercommunications, and Maritime/Overland surveillance. Material is stored using automated retrieval and storage systems. Product is built using both manual and robotic processes including automation for Conformal Coating of CCA’s. Product is tested using Functional Acceptance Testing of Hardware and Software using both Commercial and designed equipment; Environmental Thermal and Stress Screening using both Conventional and Highly Accelerated chambers with profiles typically +70°C/-55°C; Vibration at X/Y/Z axis, DITMCO and Cirrus Chassis Harness Point-to-Point Validation; and Spectrum/Teredyne Functional Circuit card and Module test sets.

•
Microwave Assembly Technology.
    Our Microwave product capabilities include simple isolator components for large scale phased array radars to very complex highly integrated Electronic Warfare Line Replaceable Units. All products are designed internally to customer specifications using the latest versions of microwave design and simulation software, coupled with an extensive internal design library. Our radar beamforming solutions are realized through internal design, manufacturing, and highly automated test processes for circulators, RF distribution, and manifold assemblies. Automated pick-and-place, surface mount reflow, fully automated visual inspection, and automated test stands ensure highly repeatable integrated microwave assembly performance. Our environmental lab test capability is used for product qualification and Highly Accelerated Life Testing when required.

•
Microelectronics Module Technology.  
  Analog and mixed-signal multi-chip modules (also known as hybrid integrated circuits) are assembled in our Microelectronics Center of Excellence, which is certified to MIL-PRF-38534 and -38535 Class H and Class K for high reliability ground, airborne, and space applications. We continue to invest in state-of-the-art equipment for precision microelectronic assembly processes including custom ceramic substrate manufacturing, eutectic die attach, precision flip chip die attach, underfill, automated epoxy dispense, wire bonding, lid attach, and lead forming. Our packaging technology serves traditional chip and wire 2D construction as well as 2.5/3DHI advanced packaging assembly. All modules are electrically tested for performance and subjected to environmental testing as required.

•
Ceramic Technology.    
We believe

Low Temperature Co-fired Ceramic (LTCC) circuits are well-suited for high‑performance RF packages for multi-function applications such as transmit-receive modules or other RF integrated modules. We have developed proprietary processes to allow for the use of less expensive conductors (silver vs. traditional gold) in the LTCC product thus providing significantly lower-cost options to our customers. We have also developed a proprietary etched thick-film process resulting in thin film performance at a much-reduced cost. We recently deployed customized equipment to support automated test, visual and electrical inspection, and final tape-and-reel for ceramic resistor products significantly reducing cost and enhancing product quality.

Customers and Markets

Our customers include end-users, OEMs, EMS providers, ODMs, and distributors that primarily serve the aerospace and defense, automotive, data center computing, medical/industrial/instrumentation, and networking end markets of the electronics industry. Included in the end markets that our OEM and EMS customers serve is the U.S. federal government. As a result, we are a supplier, primarily as a subcontractor, to the U.S. federal government. In addition, we also sell directly to government agencies (both domestic and allied foreign governments).

See table in Part II, Item 7, 
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
 for the percentage of our net sales in each of the principal end markets we serve.

Sales attributed to OEMs include sales made through EMS providers and ODMs. Although our contractual relationships are often with the EMS or ODM companies, we typically negotiate price and volume requirements directly with the OEMs. In addition, we are on the approved vendor lists of several of our EMS providers. This positions us to participate in business that is awarded at the discretion of the EMS provider.

10

Our sales and marketing strategy focuses on building long-term relationships with our customers’ engineering and new product introduction personnel early in the product development phase, frequently through strategic account management teams. Traditional build-to-print opportunities involve TTM engineering providing design for manufacture reviews and making recommendations for both manufacturability and cost reductions without impacting specifications. Prototype builds to verify design ensue, along with the early stages of production. As the product then matures from the prototype stage to volume production, we shift our focus to the customers’ procurement departments in order to capture sales at each point in the product’s life cycle. Our design-to-specification capabilities allow us to engage at the onset in the engineering cycle at critical aerospace and defense customers as they begin the process of specifying system requirements. At that stage, we support our customers by designing a solution as well as providing early prototyping and test support for that solution. We will then work to meet the ramp-to-volume production requirements of our customers. Building upon this strategy and moving further vertically along the customer value chain, we also design and manufacture highly-engineered integrated mission systems for aerospace and defense applications.

Our staff of engineers, sales support personnel, and managers assist our sales representatives in advising customers with respect to manufacturing feasibility, design review, and technological capabilities through direct communication and visits. We combine our sales efforts with customer service personnel at each facility to better serve our customers. Each large customer is typically assigned an account manager to coordinate all of the Company’s services across all of our facilities. Additionally, the largest and most strategic customers are also supported by select program management and engineering teams. Our global sales force is comprised of direct sales personnel, complemented by commission-based independent representatives, and supports customers throughout North America, Europe, Asia, and the Middle East.

Our North America footprint includes facilities from our PCB and RF&S Components reportable segments with 16 PCB fabrication and engineered system plants located in California, Colorado, Connecticut, New Hampshire, New York,

Ohio, Oregon, Utah, Virginia, Wisconsin, and Ontario, Canada; and one RF component plant located in New York.

Our Asia footprint includes facilities from our PCB and RF&S Components reportable segments. We have five PCB fabrication plants located in Huiyang, Dongguan, Guangzhou, and Zhongshan, China and Penang, Malaysia; and one RF component plant located in Suzhou, China.

On November 1, 2023, we announced our selection of Syracuse, New York as the location for a proposed advanced technology PCB manufacturing facility. In the third quarter of 2024, we broke ground and started construction on the 24-acre property adjacent to our existing facility in Syracuse for the campus expansion and the site for the new facility, and we expect to commence initial low rate production in 2026.

For certain risks attendant to our foreign operations, see Item 1A, 
Risk Factors
.

Suppliers

The supply chain for our different product areas is meaningfully diverse. For PCBs, primary raw materials are copper clad laminates and chemicals, while for engineered systems and RF components and subsystems, primary raw materials are components such as circuit card assemblies, PCBs, semiconductors, and connectors.

The primary raw materials we use in PCB manufacturing include copper clad laminate, chemical solutions such as copper and gold for plating operations, photographic film, carbide drill bits, and plastic for testing fixtures. Although we have preferred suppliers for some raw materials used in the manufacture of PCBs, most of our raw materials are generally readily available in the open market from numerous other potential suppliers.

The primary raw materials we use in engineered systems, RF components, RF subsystems, backplane assemblies, and other PCB assemblies are manufactured components such as PCBs, ceramic and ferrite substrates, connectors, capacitors, resistors, diodes, and integrated circuits, many of which are custom made and controlled by our customers’ approved vendors. The more complicated RF subsystems may require us to purchase integrated subassemblies and super-components such as RF oscillators, frequency converters, power supplies, and microprocessors. These components for backplane assemblies and other PCB assemblies in some cases have limited or sole sources of supply. For example, in some instances, our customers will require use of a specific component from a particular supplier or require use of a component provided by the customer itself, in which case we may have a single or limited number of suppliers for these specific components. The backplane assemblies, PCB assemblies, and precision metal fabricated chassis and enclosures which we produce are often incorporated into a fully integrated and tested system delivered to our customer. These products often incorporate procured power, thermal, interconnect, and mechanical components sourced from either customer directed or our selected suppliers.

Radar, Communication, and Surveillance systems use highly sophisticated electronic subassemblies including Transmitter and Receiver CCA’s/Modules, Traveling Wave Tube Assemblies, Exciters, Wave Form Generators, and Frequency Generators. Many of these systems also require the acquisition of RF antenna arrays, illuminated panel subassemblies, inertial navigation/GPS subassemblies from OEMs or parts specifically designed for certain applications. The material for these systems come from a variety of sources, including OEMs and Contract Manufacturers, and are often defined by the end customer.

11

We typically use just-in-time procurement practices to maintain our raw materials inventory at low levels and work closely with our suppliers to obtain technologically advanced raw materials. In addition, we periodically seek alternative supply sources with the goal of ensuring that we are receiving competitive pricing and service. Certain raw materials, particularly semiconductors continue to be in short supply and are limiting production of some of our engineered systems while other raw materials for PCBs and subassemblies are in adequate supply now. Supply for PCB materials can vary over time depending on supply/demand dynamics for key raw materials such as copper clad laminates. See Item 1A, 
Risk Factors
 for more details.

Competition

For PCBs, our competitors are mostly based in China and Taiwan. For engineered products such as RF subassemblies and systems, we compete with a different set of competitors largely based in the U.S. and Europe. The PCB industry remains fragmented and characterized by intense competition. There are several competitive factors our customers consider when choosing their supplier including, but not limited to, technical capabilities, pricing, service, support, reliability, quality, and location. Our principal PCB and substrate competitors include AT&S (Austria Technologie & Systemtechnik Aktiengesellschaft), Chin-Poon Industrial Co., Ltd., Founder PCB, Gold Circuit Electronics Ltd., ISU Petasys Co., Ltd., Sanmina Corporation, Shennan Circuits Co., Ltd., Suzhou Dongshan Precision Manufacturing Co., Ltd., Tripod Technology Corporation, Unimicron Technology Corporation, Victory Giant Technology, WUS Printed Circuit Co., Ltd., and Zhen Ding Technology Holding Ltd. Our competition for RF products and engineered systems include BAE Systems plc, Honeywell, Crane Aerospace & Electronics, Elta Systems Ltd., Hensoldt AG, Mercury Systems, Inc., RN2 Technologies Co., Selex ES (subsidiary of Leonardo S.p.A.), Smiths Group plc, and Thales Group.

We believe that our key competitive strengths include:

Leading global technology solutions manufacturer.

We are one of the largest technology solutions manufacturers in North America, one of the largest suppliers to the aerospace and defense industry and have a global sales and manufacturing presence. Historically, we have focused on manufacturing PCBs, but we have been moving further up our customers’ value chain by also designing and manufacturing RF subassemblies and engineered systems. According to a December 2024 report by Prismark Partners, we are one of the largest and most diversified PCB manufacturers in the world based on 2023 revenues, and we enjoy significant economies of scale, with net sales of approximately $2.4 billion for fiscal year 2024. This scale has helped us invest both organically and inorganically to provide more technology and manufacturing solutions to our customers. The PCB industry is highly fragmented with the top 40 PCB providers comprising approximately 80% of market share based on 2023 revenue, according to Prismark Partners. As our customers consolidate their supply base, we offer the technology breadth and scale to emerge as a preferred partner.

Breadth of technology and products.

We offer a wide range of engineered systems, passive RF components, advanced ceramic RF components, hi-reliability multi-chip modules, beamforming and switching networks, IC substrates, and PCB and RF products, including HDI and Ultra-HDI PCBs, conventional PCBs, flexible PCBs, rigid-flex PCBs, and custom assemblies. We also offer certain value-added services to support our customers’ needs. These include RF design-to-specification capability, DFM, PCB layout design, simulation and testing services, and QTA services. By providing these value-added services to customers, we are capable of providing our customers with a “one-stop” technology solution, which we believe enhances our relationships with our customers.

Diversified business model.

Our sales are diversified by a well-balanced portfolio of end markets that we serve and by the customers we sell to within those end markets. This diversity reduces our exposure to, and reliance on, any single end market or customer. We enjoy a large and diverse customer base with over 1,400 customers, as well as long-term relationships in excess of ten years with our ten largest customers.

Focused on attractive end markets with a favorable growth outlook and dependence on sophisticated product capabilities.

We believe that our global manufacturing footprint and breadth of capabilities enables us to serve multiple key end markets for our technology solutions. The aerospace & defense industry in particular provides an opportunity for us as we combine our traditional market strength in core PCB technology with the advanced technologies, RF capabilities and engineered systems we offer for growing requirements in both traditional and AESA radar systems for defense applications.

One-stop solution for customers.    
We are capable of providing a one-stop design, manufacturing, and test solution to our customers with design services, engineering support, and prototype development through final volume production around the globe. This one-stop solution allows us to better serve our customers, many of whom are based in time-critical high growth markets, enabling our customers to reduce the time required to develop new products and bring them to market. We utilize a facility specialization strategy in which each customer is directed to the facility best suited to the customer’s product type, delivery time, complexity, and volume needs. This enables us to reduce the time from order placement to delivery. As our commercial customers ramp to volume, we are positioned to transition them to one of our volume facilities in China or Malaysia.

Leading aerospace and defense supplier.

We have passed OEM and government certification processes, and the administrative requirements associated with participation in government and commercial aerospace programs. When supplying various departments and agencies of the U.S. government, we are required to maintain facility security clearances under the National Industrial Security Program Operating Manual (NISPOM) and International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR). Along with supply of traditional and RF PCBs, we offer a variety of RF components and subassemblies, engineered systems, as well as our engineering services and assembly capabilities which allow us to bring additional value to our customers.

12

Seasonality

We tend to experience modest seasonal softness in the first and third quarters due to holidays and vacation periods in China and North America, respectively, which limit production leading to stronger revenue levels in the second and fourth quarters.

Intellectual Property

Our intellectual property strategy remains deliberate and aimed at protecting the innovations critical to TTM’s business and the success of our customers. We now have a total of approximately one hundred fifty-four (154) patents, with approximately thirty-three (33) pending patent applications. These patents are derived from internal research and development as well as a number of intellectual property portfolio acquisitions beginning in 2018. Our PCB business depends on the effectiveness of our fabrication techniques, proprietary PCB structures, and our ability to continually improve our manufacturing processes. We rely on the collective experience of our employees in the manufacturing process to ensure that we continuously evaluate and adopt new technologies available within our industry. In addition, we depend on robust training, recruiting, and retention of our employees, who are required to be knowledgeable in the operation of advanced equipment and complicated manufacturing processes. In regard to our RF products, the vast majority are proprietary and protected or covered by approximately forty-five (45) patents and three (3) currently pending patent applications directed towards products for both the wireless infrastructure and aerospace and defense markets.

National Security Matters

A portion of our business consists of manufacturing defense and defense-related items for various departments and agencies of the U.S. government, including the U.S. Department of Defense (DoD), which requires that we maintain facility security clearances under the NISPOM. The NISPOM requires that a corporation with significant foreign ownership maintaining a facility security clearance take steps to prevent foreign ownership, control, or influence (FOCI). In February of 2023, our Board of Directors passed a Special Board Resolution (SBR), replacing the Special Security Agreement (SSA) that we entered into with the Defense Counterintelligence and Security Agency (DCSA) in 2010. The replacement of the SSA with the SBR is a result of the significantly reduced foreign ownership of TTM. DCSA accepted the SBR and the effective date of the SBR was February 2, 2023. The SBR codifies the maintenance of the Government Security Committee of the Board to oversee our compliance and cybersecurity efforts and to put into place best practices in our facilities in the U.S. and overseas to ensure that we maintain robust security practices and policies as we serve the interests of our customers in the Aerospace and Defense market. The Government Security Committee of our Board of Directors consists of at least three Board members that hold a National Security Clearance. The DCSA will continue to review TTM’s compliance with the terms of the SBR annually at each of TTM’s sites which operate under a U.S. DoD security clearance. In addition, all of TTM’s Board is currently comprised of U.S. citizens and per the terms of the SBR, in the future, no foreign citizen will be allowed to sit on TTM’s Board.

Other Governmental Regulations

Our operations, particularly those in North America, are subject to a broad range of regulatory requirements relating to export control, environmental compliance, waste management, and health and safety matters. In particular, we are subject to the following:

•
U.S. Department of State regulations, including the Arms Export Control Act (AECA) and ITAR located at 22 Code of Federal Regulations (CFR) Parts 120-130;

•
U.S. Department of Commerce regulations, including the Export Administration Regulations (EAR) located at 15 CFR Parts 730-744;

•
Office of Foreign Asset Control (OFAC) regulations located at 31 CFR Parts 500-599;

•
U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA), and state OSHA and Department of Labor laws pertaining to health and safety in the workplace;

•
U.S. Environmental Protection Agency regulations pertaining to air emissions; waste water discharges; and the use, storage, discharge, and disposal of hazardous chemicals used in the manufacturing processes; the reporting of chemical releases to the environment; and the reporting of chemicals manufactured in by-products that are beneficially recycled;

•
Department of Homeland Security regulations regarding the storage of certain chemicals of interest;

•
California Climate Corporate Data Accountability Act (SB 253) and the California Climate-Related Financial Risk Act (SB 261);

•
corresponding state laws and regulations, including site investigation and remediation;

•
corresponding U.S., county and city agencies;

•
corresponding regulations and agencies in China for our Chinese facilities;

•
material content directives and laws that ban or restrict certain hazardous substances in products sold in member states of the European Union, China, and other countries and jurisdictions;

13

•
Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) rules that require reporting of the use of certain metals (conflict minerals) originating in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and the countries adjacent to it pursuant to Section 1502 of the Dodd‑Frank Act; and

•
reporting requirements of the California Transparency in Supply Chains Act of 2010 that requires reporting on efforts to eradicate slavery and human trafficking in retailers’ and manufacturers’ supply chains.

The process to manufacture PCBs and our other products requires adherence to city, county, state, federal, and foreign environmental laws and regulations regarding the storage, use, handling, and disposal of chemicals, solid wastes, and other hazardous materials, as well as compliance with wastewater and air quality standards. We believe that our facilities in the United States and Canada comply in all material respects with applicable environmental laws and regulations. In Asia, the government has a history of changing legal requirements with minimal notice. We believe that our facilities in Asia comply in all material respects with current applicable environmental laws and regulations and have resources in place to maintain compliance to them. The capital expenditure costs expected for environmental improvement initiatives are included in our annual capital expenditure projections.

Human Capital

How we manage and leverage our human capital is essential in executing our strategy. At TTM, we believe a key differentiator is our culture, which has been shaped through considerable thought and energy. Our culture has served us well as we integrate acquired companies and optimize our organizational structures and teams to better serve our customers. The following elements underpin our culture:

•
Vision – Inspire innovation as a global preeminent technology solutions company.

•
Mission – Provide customers with market leading, differentiated solutions, and an extraordinary customer experience.

•
The “TTM Values” that apply to all employees are: Integrity, Teamwork, Clear Communication, and Performance Excellence.

•
Our people leaders are guided by our “Leadership Principles” which are: Results, Communications, Collaboration, and Career Development.

•
“One TTM” – embodies our collective “team” approach to solving problems, working together, robust collaboration, and proactive communication throughout the organization to better serve our customers.

Commitment to Values and Ethics.

The foundation of TTM’s strategic vision is its corporate culture and its way of doing business with integrity, teamwork, clear communication, and performance excellence. We seek to demonstrate the importance we place on these values through our goal setting and performance management process as well as providing ethics training to employees every year.

Along with the TTM Values and our Leadership Principles, we discuss and act in accordance with, and provide annual training for, our Code of Conduct, which outlines our expectations and provides guidance for our employees. Our Code of Conduct includes topics such as anti-corruption, discrimination, harassment, privacy, appropriate use of company assets, protecting confidential information, and reporting Code of Conduct violations. Our Code of Conduct reinforces the importance of fostering an open, welcoming environment in which all employees have a voice and a confidential outlet to raise concerns regarding potential violations.

Our commitment to our communities is demonstrated through our volunteer efforts, charitable donations, and sponsorships. As an employer, our local sites choose the organizations to affiliate with that best reflect our values.

In 2021, the TTM Board of Directors established the TTM Chair for Community Service Award to recognize one outstanding team for their contributions to the local community during that year. We host the winning external organization along with TTM employees and executive leaders in an annual awards ceremony. In 2024, we honored the Zhongshan Charity Federation and contributed a Renminbi (RMB) 148,000 (approximately $20,000) check to Qizhi Special Education Project in January 2025. This project will mainly focus on improving the teaching facilities and environment at the Qizhi Training Center, enhancing teaching quality, enriching course content, and providing higher quality and comprehensive educational resources for special needs children.

Talent Acquisition.

Our vision is to provide exceptional talent acquisition, recognized for our commitment to engaging with and building robust talent sources, the optimized use of technology, and a compelling employment brand. We aspire to create a seamless and candidate-centric experience that not only meets the needs of TTM globally, but also ensures a positive and engaging journey. By continually refining our approach and embracing innovative solutions, we aim to build a workforce that drives the company's success and fosters a culture of growth and opportunity.

Talent Development.

Talent development is a collective and continuous effort of all of our people managers. We engage in regular talent reviews to calibrate on performance, potential, development gaps and progress, and to evaluate the depth and strength of our integrated succession plans. Our approach to learning is a continuous one, regardless of experience level or tenure. We provide leadership development programs with individually tailored development plans anchored in dedicated coaching and select internal mentors. To ensure focus on individual development for growth and readiness for career opportunities, we track the completion of

14

development plans of our employees in management, technical, and professional career tracks, with over 91% documented plans in 2024. We provide recurring instructor-led, blended learning, online courses, and development programs for different stages of leadership including new people leaders through more senior leaders. Additionally, we extend competency-based training, sponsor job rotations, and form project teams comprised of emerging talent. We provide tuition reimbursement assistance, as well as a monthly stipend to engineers to pay down student debt. Our global learning management system houses extensive internal content as well as select external materials for all to access.

Inclusion.

Recognizing and respecting our global presence, we strive to build and maintain a workforce that is diverse in talents and experiences as we promote an inclusive culture that reflects the communities that we reside in and serve. As part of our efforts, TTM’s Inclusion Council works collaboratively across the organization to drive our culture and support key corporate wide initiatives. We have expanded and continue to develop our existing policies and training to address harassment, bullying, and the elimination of bias in the workplace to curb discrimination in all forms. Our focus on inclusion is aimed at helping managers and employees contribute and collaborate in team environments where respect is essential and everyone is encouraged to participate. Finally, our global efforts at building inclusive teams comes to life through our annual art contest where employees (and family members) express themselves through art displays what inclusion and diversity means to them.

Employee Engagement & Turnover.

We periodically survey our employees and benefit from favorable participation rates to identify and act on specific opportunities to enhance our work environment, improve communications, and strengthen the connection between supervisors and employees. In 2024, we deployed a full-scale engagement survey on 14 engagement drivers with 97% participation rate globally. TTM’s overall engagement survey results indicated High Performing (compared to benchmark) in 13 of the 14 drivers, with Culture and Inclusion registering the highest scores. From our initial survey in 2022, these results showed improvement in many areas to include our promoter score. The voice of our employees provides valuable insights on how we invest in people and prioritize specific actions and programs to attract and retain talent. We have shared the results with our employees and gathered additional insights before completing detailed action plans covering every manufacturing plant and corporate function in 2025.

To further gauge talent attraction and the onboarding experience, we utilize a new hire survey to gather insight into our employee’s experience from the moment they first interact with TTM as a candidate to settling into their first couple of months in their new role. Completing the employee life cycle, we implemented an exit survey to gather feedback from employees leaving TTM.

Our two regional change agent networks (Asia and North America) exist to improve communications from the factory and office floor up to the senior management team. We select several employees within each site who are respected, influential, and representative of the employee base to serve as change agents. This network discusses and then communicates the key initiatives within the sites in addition to raising employee concerns. Additionally, these teams prioritize site initiatives around community activities, site improvement projects, recognition programs, and new communication methods.

We review employee turnover rates paying particular attention to supervisor and technical retention. We believe the emphasis we place on selecting, training, and coaching supervisors positively impacts their ability to lead people. Our leadership principles of results, communications, collaboration, and career development are designed to improve the employee experience and strengthen working relationships. Through internal surveys, it is clear our employees value their relationships with their supervisors, career opportunities, and the corporate culture.

Compensation and Benefits.

We strive to align our compensation and benefit programs with ever changing market conditions. We are committed to reviewing our programs annually and recommend changes to improve our market competitiveness and ability to attract and retain our talent. In 2024, we continued to enhance and mature our global job infrastructure that we developed in 2022. Our goal of this global framework is to invest in our employees’ total cash compensation for competitive reasons while outlining career tracks and levels to provide development opportunities. Our people leaders are dedicated to engaging with their employees to explain the career framework, their compensation, and potential for future jobs. We have seen the positive impact of the adjustments we made to base salaries and incentive compensation coupled with the conversations on career opportunities from managers. We believe other benefits of this structure are as follows:

•
Globally integrated job architecture that is adaptable for future acquisitions,

•
Market competitive guidelines for attracting, retaining, and rewarding our employees; implemented a progressive pay structure to support our Operator Advancement program.

•
An improved ability to recruit and hire North America talent through enhanced recruitment advertising strategies. As a result, our applicant flow has continued to increase from 2023.

•
A disciplined annual salary review and incentive program, which rewards for both business and/or individual performance. 

•
A global 90-Day New Hire Review was introduced for entry level manufacturing operators to improve first year retention and enhance employee experience.

We also offer comprehensive benefit plans for eligible employees including mental health, employee assistance program (EAP), telemedicine offerings, several medical and dental plans with qualifying employer-funded health savings accounts, life insurance,

15

specialty programs for diabetes and weight loss, wellness challenges, and an on-site health and physical therapy center at one of our largest U.S. facilities.

Employee Data

As of December 30, 2024, we had approximately 16,400 employees. Our employees were distributed by function approximately as follows: 13,100 in manufacturing positions, 1,800 in engineering or technician positions, 500 in sales and marketing positions, and 1,000 in professional, managerial, or other administrative positions. Of our 5,800 U.S. employees, 50 are represented by unions. In China, approximately 8,500 employees are members of the All-China Federation of Trade Unions and accordingly are considered to be represented by a labor union. We believe that our relations with both our union and non-union employees are satisfactory.

Availability of Reports Filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission

We are a Delaware corporation founded in 1998, with our principal executive offices located at 200 East Sandpointe, Suite 400, Santa Ana, CA 92707. Our telephone number is (714) 327-3000. Our website address is www.ttm.com. We routinely post important information for investors on our website in the “Investor Relations” section. We use this website as a means of disclosing material information in compliance with our disclosure obligations under Regulation Fair Disclosure (FD). Accordingly, investors should monitor the “Investor Relations” section of our website, in addition to following our press releases, SEC filings, public conference calls, presentations, and webcasts. Information included on our websites is not incorporated into this Report. Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports are available without charge on our website at 
https://investors.ttm.com/
, as soon as reasonably practicable after they are filed with or furnished electronically to the SEC. Our SEC filings are also available to the public at 
www.sec.gov
. Copies are also available without charge by (1) telephonic request by calling our Investor Relations Department at (714) 327-3000; (2) e-mail request to investor@ttmtech.com; or (3) a written request to TTM Technologies, Inc., Attention: Investor Relations, 200 East Sandpointe, Suite 400, Santa Ana, CA 92707.

16